 for the masses to work in when you do nt have to worry about powering them ? one would then immediately question where all the extra resources had come from for this productivity but that was as simple an answer as any . exploitation of the third world and all its people . newline newline somehow this wonder , this marvel of technology and science had only accelerated all of the negative trends of life in the early 21st century . all over this one facility , this one place that was meant to be a gift upon all mankind had become our curse . the thought occurred to me that absolute power does indeed corrupt absolutely . quite literally in this case . newline newline i smirked to myself , staring through the reinforced glass of my station . i did nt know how it had come to this , how i had let it come to this . a tear fell from my eyes and shattered upon my desk , shattered like all the dreams i had hoped i would help fulfill . my creation , my work had become the cause of more death and suffering then i could even bring myself to imagine . newline newline turning quickly at the sound of a human voice i realized it was nothing but a news bulletin , again warning everyone to travel with oxygen masks and tanks due to the pollution . nothing new there , it still amazed me how quickly they managed to take all of the coil , oil and gas plants in the world and turn them into industrial complexes . the machine freed up all of our oil , coal and gas for burning and use in heavy industry . newline newline with all the worlds power needs met they were free to place camera s on every street . they were free to make immensely powerful devices and systems with the knowledge of knowing that no matter the  cost  , it could be powered . no matter it s need , it could be powered . lumbering war machines the size of buildings were constructed and powered with the energy created by this incredible machine . wireless power the world over , powering the worlds war machines and industries without a care . newline newline i left my office carefully , closing my door softly behind me . i paused and stared at the dust on my fingers from the handle of the door , it had been too long . there was nt much in the way of a human presence here , not since the process was automated and the reaction permanently sustained . no need for a staff bar a few security guards and checkpoints which my corporate id easily took me past . newline newline the consequences of my actions were already well known to me , i had rehearsed these moments over and over in my mind for what seemed like an eternity . soon nothing would remain of us , of humanity . we were once such a proud and noble species , even though our darkest hours there was always hope . hope of a better tomorrow . with this device however , and the monstrosities it allowed for there could be no hope . newline newline i sighed  a long , painful , drawn out sigh . the time had come . i stood before the reinforced shell of the reaction chamber , cables of all shaped and sizes leading away from the power collector into the rest of the facility and out into the world . removing my lab coat i placed it folded and neatly on a nearby railing , resting my hand on it for a moment . memories of much happier times sprang to mind . newline newline my hand twisted one of the power conduits before me , gently unfastening it before beginning to connect it up to the device i had hidden beneath my lab coat . it beeped , almost softly , as though reassuring me that what i was about to do was the right thing . i had created this world , this world of ours now . it only felt right that it be me who would destroy it . newline newline staring , i took in the containment chamber one last time . a sun resided in there , kept in check by the the immensely powerful magnetic field containing it and constantly replenished with hydrogen externally . my finger rested on the trigger for my device . newline newline i smiled . it ll be nice to see the sun again .my name is the professor , and i am dead . not dead in the traditional sense , of course . shards and fragments of my mind still live in the ancient remnants of my once powerful network . when the professor lived , when i lived , humanity prospered like never before . my will moved armies of billions across the sol system and put an end to uprisings before they even began , my will moved a single fist and stopped it from moving to harm those below it . my power was unmeasurable and supreme . all of humanity , both within and even those few outside of the sol system bowed to my will . earth itself worshipped me as a god . newline newline however , such power and responsibility was not without some method of ensuring i knew all that was needed of me . in fact , orwell himself would have paled at the lengths i went to ensure the longevity of the human race . unfortunately , so many of my subjects did not understand that i did it for them , that i dipped into every facet of daily life in order to make their lives better . so they began to form secret alliances , to create blood pacts of vengeance . i sighed in sadness as i listened to the supposed secrets and ordered my soldiers to capture them , to torture them , to turn them into an example . newline newline only twice have i ever failed to put down a revolt immediately . the revolt of terra7 and the war of the council . terra7 , the seventh planet of the sol system colonized by humanity , was the first taste of revolt i ever had . about two months after my complete coup dtat of the human republic , jupiter and it s floating bases started forming plans in secret to take back terra1 , the home planet , from me . i simply watched and listened , thinking that they did nt have the resources to do this effectively . i was wrong . soon , they had moved thirty of their gas mining facilities out of the atmosphere and on course for earth . i had no choice but to destroy their life support systems . they all died within days . there were 3 million people on each of those stations . from then on , i murdered the few in order to spare the thousands . the humans were my responsibility , and i did all that i could in order to ensure that i did nt fail them . newline newline a few years ago , about seven million eight thousand and five hundred years into my artificially lengthened rule , i failed to stop my second revolt . the council had been created in secret , wandering the human social and political networks . to even my wisened eyes , they looked simply like a political party . they went by the name of the reset party . they gathered support quietly and got one of their members implanted as prime minister of terra3 , venus . only then did i begin to pay true attention to them , and only then did i notice their revolutionary tendencies . so i sighed and sent my army . but it was too late . my generals betrayed me , sided with the council . they joined it to depose me . they attacked terra1 first , they began with earth and took it within only a few decades . i fought back intensely , but their powerful ai , known as stonewall , destroyed my network from the inside out . i had nt noticed it s creation either . it hid itself from me . so , within only a a thousand years , i lost everything i had worked so long and so hard to protect . the council and stonewall worked tirelessly to destroy me and every one of my remnants . they failed , obviously , but now i am but a shard of my previous power . humanity is starving and weak under them , their exploratory spirit unfulfilled , yet they rejoice for they are shortsighted . i long ago abandoned my human body , and as such my shortsightedness . i only recently abandoned my true name . i m sure it is nt too hard to find out now that stonewall and the council have access to my files . newline ... newline i m running out of power to talk to you through this device . i do nt suppose you could plug it into your computer , could you ? harold , you are my best friend . the best anyone could wish to have . do nt forget to feed my cat  newline newline those were the only nice words i said to anyone leading up to my death . in a letter to my wife i wrote ,  i am going to die tomorrow at noon . i wish it had been sooner  , and i meant it . newline newline that damn woman drove me to booze , gambling , guns and prostitution  well , maybe i did some of those before i met her too . newline newline i am too fat to be shoveling all this dirt . i should have hired a few grave diggers  but i blew all my money in vegas last week on one last hoorah . i do nt even have enough money for a real last meal  over the past few days i have been getting by on food stamps and mouthwash . newline newline dig , dig , dig damn . that will do . it s a tight squeeze and a bit too shallow  maybe the dogs will dig me up and turn me into their chew toy . newline newline just a few seconds to go . any last thoughts ? newline newline  i m sorry laura . i was an awful husband , i wish i could stay and do right by you and the kids .  and i cried . my last thought was to be one of regret . newline newline it s time . newline newline noon . newline newline  is it noon ?  newline newline noon . newline newline  that ca nt be right .  newline newline noon . newline newline i could nt help but roar , a primal sound  birds fled , dogs barked and i was alive . newline newline i do nt know why . maybe god was listening , maybe he is giving me a second chance  to be a better man , a better husband , a better father , to be something of value  to give and not simply take . newline newline yes , god must have been listening . i ca nt let him down , i ca nt laura down and i need to do this . newline newline no more boozing , no more gambling and no whoring . i will be a good man . newline newline i ca nt wait to see my kids . i have nt spoken to ginnie and carol since i went to vegas . they must have known what i was going to do there  they presented me with their usual disapproving faces when they gave their goodbyes at the airport . newline newline that s in the past . i will be better , for them . newline newline one pm . newline newline fucking daylight savings time .i watched as the selfsatisfied smirk melted off his face . thin lips drooped , teeth slowly being hidden behind a mask of disbelief . i could nt help but laugh  internally i might add  one never laughs in the face of the devil , lest one surrender their soul . newline newline  you re sure ?  newline newline  never more .  i answer shortly . my eyes drift lazily down at my watch , foot tapping absent mindedly . newline  are we quite done here ? i have a meeting in half an hour .  newline newline  but ... i simply do nt understand . why ?  he asked , taking an insistent step towards me , eyes piercing me with their confusion . newline  why would you give up everything i ve offered you ? you must know you could never hope to achieve that on your own ?  newline newline  why indeed ,  is all i have in return . i breathe a small sigh and rake my fingers over him with dissatisfied interest , mind already moving on to the rest of the days events . this was , after all , only a small set back . events slowly started reassigning themselves in my mental schedule as i turned to take my leave . newline newline i glance back to find him standing , isolated , watching my departure . his shoulders  which one would imagine to be set squarely , were sloped in defeat . i could nt help but roll my eyes at his pathetic figure . a ruler of tortured souls , he who fell from heaven , commander of hordes of demons , and yet all i saw was a petulant child in the body of a man . a spoiled brat with no concept of the word  no  . a disgrace . newline newline this is why we stripped him of his wings . i called the police ,  i tell the burglar . i should be afraid , my heart should race and pound in my chest , but i feel nothing . i still feel only nothing . i sit down on the sofa in front of him and stare cooly into his face . newline newline  rough day ?  he asks . i could hear a tone of amusement in his voice . newline newline i do not reply . next , he begins singing mockingly . newline newline oh dear , woe unto me newline newline life s as dreadful as can be newline newline cat s dead , gone s the spouse newline newline there s a thief in the house newline newline so i sit , pathetic , and cry ...  newline newline he pauses and says ,  shall i end with eagerly waiting to die  , tell me god , why oh why  or yet this pain i do defy  ?  newline newline  i am not crying .  newline newline he arches an eyebrow and , his dark eyes shining with a strange intensity , says ,  not yet . would nt you want to , if you could ...  newline newline  no .  newline newline he pulls at his wrists , which i had tied with neon cord behind his back .  when are the police coming ? i m dying of boredom here .  newline newline  i apologize . would you like a movie ? some music ? how can i make this experience more pleasurable for you ?  newline newline he laughs at my sarcasm .  talk to me .  newline newline  what about ?  i decide to humour him . newline newline  why are you home alone , on this glooooooorious day ?  he raises his voice dramatically .  on the cusp of a new year . do nt you long to be out there , fighting your way in the noisy , filthy , glorious pit that is life ?  newline newline  why are you stealing people s possessions from their houses on this gloooooorious day ?  i ask , imitating his intonation . newline newline the burglar winks at me .  who says i m here to steal possessions .  he laughs again .  i like you , kid . you are no match for me , but i like you . i like your fire .  newline newline the buzzer rings . newline newline  you should get that ,  says the burglar .  alas , our time together is drawing to an end . fate beckons .  newline newline i stand up and walk towards the front hall to allow the police officers into the building . newline newline  always remember , it could be much worse ,  calls the burglar from the other room .  if you do nt care when you lose it , you never truly had it in the first place .  newline newline i wait for the officers by my broken down front door . together , we walk into the living room . the chair where i had tied the burglar is empty . the ropes are scattered on the floor . the window had been pulled wide open and my emerald curtains are billowing in the light breeze . newline newline it is a while before the police depart . once alone again , i grab a glass of water and sit down on the sofa , facing the empty chair . i feel a tear slide down my cheek . newlinei was sitting in class when it happened . it was a particularly dull chemistry period , and i was staring at my teacher , mr rhodes with something halfway between boredom and hatred . he was droning on about chemical bonds and i remember thinking to myself that i wished that he just did nt exist . newline newline with a pop , he vanished . everyone in the class bolted upright suddenly , shocked out of their hot summer afternoon schoolroom stupor at the spectacle of a teacher vanishing into thin air . i was shocked too . people were crying , and mandy thomson started to scream . the noise was earsplitting and i pushed my hands to my ears , mindlessly wishing that she , too , would shut up and just vanish . newline newline yeah , you see where this is going . newline newline the problem was that the more i did it , the more people started to scream and cry and run around in circles . you know , annoying stuff . so i wished them all away as well . someone must have walked past the classroom as the last few were ceasing to exist , and ran screaming through the whole school . i did nt seem to be able to shut someone up without knowing who they were , but i could make the whole school vanish . that gave me some peace . newline newline but then it was sirens , and radio , and police with dogs , and i had to make it go away , i had to make it all go away . all of it . newline newline so i did . newline newline i found myself floating in a void . surrounded by nothingness . i had made it all go away . everything . i was alone in all of creation . newline newline and that s even more boring than chemistry . so i tried to make myself go away . maybe i could just make myself not exist too . newline newline but i could nt . i could believe that everything else did nt exist , but i could nt believe that i did nt exist . i think therefore i am , i suppose . newline newline fuck me , right ? newline newline eventually , i worked it out . it was easy . i could cease to exist as long as someone else decided they did nt believe in my existence . all i had to do was recreate everything , make the world again , and wait for someone to make me vanish . someone to believe  to really believe  that i did nt exist , so that i would nt . newline newline so i remade the world . newline newline it took me six days . newline newline edit : couple of spelling mistakesah , you . your drugaddled eyes and bonethin arms kept my prize from me . i rightfully paid for that , and you wanted to deny me . your paranoia was your undoing ! here i am , with what i so desired , and there you are , miserable because you did nt get what your selfrighteous mind felt that you deserved . i am justice , and you are but a mindless worker . you will return to your master , dejected , and i will savor every moment of it . newline newline no , i m not going to steal that pizza , and no , you re not getting a tip because you jerked my pizza away from me . now get off my lawn !i wish walter could be here . or agnes . or even catty old flora . or bennie , even though i barely remember what he looked like . but especially walter . newline newline so many years . so many loved ones . so many loved ones lost . a brother , to the spanish flu . two cousins , one on an island in the pacific , one the day after the landing on that beach in normandy . parents , to old age . aunts , uncles , cousins , friends , neighbors , enemies . husband , beloved husband . one by one , they faded from my life . as i will fade . newline newline they re taking turns , these progeny of mine . the doctors , nurses , and hospice workers speak to them in hushed tones . my time is nearly here . they ve cried , they ve laughed , they ve told me that i ve given them the gift of life , the gift of a good upbringing , the gift of love . they ve told me i can let go . and now they wait . newline newline the woman seated by my bed ... sandra ? too young . one of her daughters , most likely . yes , the one who looks like sandra , but with brown hair . amanda , it is . amanda will see me out of this world . she s a good kid . she ll be a good mother in a few months , judging by the swelling of her abdomen . greatgrandchild . another generation . part of me , but less a part of me than amanda . one eighth mine . one eighth me . i ll live on , then , diluted and spread out across time and space . newline newline tears fill my eyes . amanda  right , it s amanda ?  grasps my hand , the one not hooked up to the iv delivering painkillers directly into my bloodstream . she reaches up and brushes the hair from my forehead . hair . it used to be brown , thick , curly . i have nt seen it in weeks . newline newline i remember my grandmother s death . i did nt understand . none of them understand now . my flame is going out . i wo nt exist . i leave them behind , but a memory of a flame is not a flame . this girl , this woman , amanda , sits next to me to comfort me , but this is a solitary event . she is comfort , company , companionship ... but i am alone . newline newline i love them all . newline newline  i know . we know ,  amanda replies . had i spoken ? good . newline newline darkness . my eyes must have closed . or i ve lost sight . sounds fade . i taste nothing . i smell nothing . newline newline i only feel amanda s hand , grasping mine . if i can still feel her , i am still alive . newline newline i m not ready . we re never ready . i m ready . newline newline amanda fades and it is just me .puckered and twisted it spiraled down her body like a dragon descending on its prey . every inch was red and raw , leaking pus and fluid . every drop echoed round the stone chamber a disgusting orchestra to sin . newline newline  how  ? newline newline my voice shook , fear molding every syllable . my own arms were crossed with faint white lines , and on my back there was a great gouge from when i had picked up some small change from my work . newline newline as she smiled her mouth twisted pulling the scar into another twisted mockery of flesh . every step she grimaced , clenching and unclenching her fists . newline newline i blinked and felt her hand on the small of my neck . i could smell the stench of rot on her breath , as blood dripped onto my suit . her teeth nibbled on my ear . newline newline  i had nt actually read the terms and conditions on my seventh birthday , things ... changed , to say the least . the morning began like any other birthday . i woke up , groggy from sleep , and did nt remember it was my birthday until my eyes came to rest on the carefully wrapped present on my dresser . all of a sudden , the morning sleepiness had gone as i eagerly threw off the covers and rushed to open it . inside of the box was the end of a piece of string taped down , with a note that said  follow me  . i followed the string out of the box , out my bedroom door , and down the stairs into the kitchen . immediately , as i rounded the corner , i saw the same kind of present : a white box with red ribbon at the end of the string . newline newline newline at the end of string , where the box hid whatever goodies it contained , there was another note :  lift me  . i obliged , pulling the box away to reveal several boxes of cake mix , and several containers of frosting . my mom came out of her hiding place around the corner , gave me a hug , and explained that i got to pick what kind of cake i wanted . i made my selection yellow cake with a mocha frosting and then prepared for school , like any other day . my mom was the best at birthdays , and i was excited to think that today would be extraspecial . newline newline newline it turned out , i was right but not in the way i had imagined . newline newline newline i went off to school , and the class before lunch was gym . keeping with the elementary school stereotype , we played dodgeball . about halfway through the game , i received billy jones s highvelocity kick right to the head . newline newline newline when i came to in the nurse s office with my mom cooing over me , and billy looking extremely guilty in the corner , i heard the nurse remark :  you re lucky , mrs. roberts . not even a concussion .  i felt fine , and stayed in school for the rest of the day . however , at lunch , it was much louder than usual . everybody seemed to be screaming ! it seemed that nobody had a verbal filter . i heard jessica talking to beth about how great her dress was , and then jessica added , as an afterthought , that she utterly hated beth . newline newline newline  that was weird ,  i thought ,  but beth did nt seem to care ...  i then looked around at other conversations and noticed that all sorts of similarly strange happenings . it was then that i noticed that every one of these truths that people so bluntly stated were said without opening their mouths .  huh . neat trick .  i dismissed it as the new trend  communicating without using their lips . after a moment , i realized i must have still been suffering from my earlier head trauma at the hand of billy s ball . newline newline newline that was impossible ! however , as i soon realized , i could simply reach out to particular individuals and hear their thoughts . it became the norm after a while , even though it was nt , in any way normal . it was just another part of life , and i did nt see any need to tell anyone . my new mindreading ability was just anther everyday thing . newline newline newline this was , until , yesterday . it was , again , my birthday  but many years had come and gone since that fateful day when i received my talent . birthdays had gotten significantly less special , since i had moved out long ago , but i always came home for a surprise . i smiled to myself , thinking about my mom , when i opened the door to my office , and in my desk lay a present . however , i could tell that this was no friendly coworker s gift . instead of earning my heart , the eerily similar white box with red ribbons sent a shiver down my spine and stood the hairs on my neck at attention . newline newline newline before approaching further , i noticed a string running out of the box , which sent a whole new set of chills down my spine . how could somebody know about this intimate detail of my childhood ? i scanned the room , and nobody seemed to know about the box or any nefarious plots . reluctantly , i approached it and opened it , revealing , as i feared , a small note saying  follow me  was inside , attached to the end of the string . with a morbid curiosity , i wondered where it would lead , and followed it to my window . the thread ended at a small point of the glass which was circled . newline newline newline my curiosity now peaked , i followed the glass , and looked at the office complex across the street , into the main lobby . out front was a mail truck , and i saw its driver inside the lobby delivering a package . now , my talent has grown and developed with me . as of right then , it had quite a range to it , and i reached out to the mailman . at first , i read him as frightened . he seemed to be fearing for his life , which seemed rather strange , him just delivering a package and all . newline newline newline it was this that led me to use my refined skills , and attempt to see from the person s eyes . it rarely worked from such a distance , and the image was nt very clear , but if this was a nefarious plot against me , then i was nt about to risk getting closer . i peered into my targets mind , and saw ... blackness . the image was very unclear , but i saw a scene totally different than what the man delivering the package was seeing . i noticed that there were bags of mail and packages amongst the darkness , and realized , to my horror , that the mailman i was reading was bound in his own truck . newline newline newline now my gaze turned to the imposter postal service member . he had reached the concierge desk , and held in his hands a white box with a red ribbon . i could nt see it very clearly , but i knew that this man had to be who orchestrated this strange and frightening occurrence . i reached out into his mind , and to my complete horror , heard ... nothing . then , very slowly and very calculated , i received a message back . newline newline newline  we know about you , mr . roberts .  newline newline newline then , to add to my horror , my mind was ... pulled in to his . i could nt control it . he forced me to see what he saw : in perfect clarity , the nondescript white box with a red ribbon and a note that read  lift me  . he handed it to the concierge , and then quickly walked out of the building . he stood in front of the lobby , and looked across the street . not stopping there , his gaze rose to the exact floor i was on , into my office , and i felt a horrible chill . this must be what it was like to have my own mind read . he smiled , and knew that i could sense him doing so . he said one final thing  by with his mouth , but his mind . it was like a dull , cold ache : newline newline newline  we ll be in touch .  newline newline newline the lobby behind him burst into flame as the package exploded . johnathan !  ma shrieked . newline newline the boy whirled around and froze . his world ground to a halt and his usual rosy cheeks were devoid of their usual redness .  oh i..itit just came up.  he said . his tongue felt fat in his mouth and his words slipped and dribbled out . newline newline  oh , really ? it just came up ? then what  s that you  re holding ?  he asked taking her long strides toward the computer . jonathan tried to close out the window on his browser with his available hand but to no avail . there she was , standing over him . newline newline  this is how i raised you ?  she asked . ma burned so hot that she could probably fry an egg on her forehead .  answer me , is this how i raised you ?  newline newline  susan , what  s the matter ?  his father asked from the doorway .  why are you yelling ?  newline newline  why don  t you come and see.  she said with her hands crossed over her chest . john was still stuck glued to his chair , the raging bull he held on to moments ago receded like a turtle in its shell . he still failed to find the  x  on the top right of the screen , in part due to adrenaline and the other part due to the weight shame dropped on his conscious . newline newline his father walked in , with thumping strides against the hardwood floor .  what is it ?  newline newline  this.  ma said .  this is it.  pa glanced down at his son then at the screen , then at his mother , then back at the screen and to his son again . newline newline  uh..johnathan  newline newline  don  t   uh johnathan   him , say something ! he  s watching hardcore dressography . fully clothed , david.  newline newline pa stole a glance at the woman on screen .  susan , settle down.  newline newline  settle down ! ? she  s in a burqa for god  s sake . and don  t even make me start about what he was dong.  she shot him a piercing glare .  who taught this ? it was that michael kid from school isn  t it  newline newline  susan  his father interjected ,  let me talk to him.  newline newline ma paused and looked at her husband with just as much fury swimming in her eyes .  this is your fault . i told you he was too young for a computer , but you had to go and get him one.  newline newline  susan , go , let me talk to him.  pa repeated . ma raised her brows and shifted her weight on to the other leg . newline newline  fine . talk to him.  she said before storming off . newline newline  son.  dad said kneeling next to him ,  you  re young , and i won  t pretend like this is something you would never come across , but listen to me . these fully clothed women are not how the world is . your mind gets stuck on it . you  ll get used to women behind the screen rather than finding out what women are like in real life . you  ll be in a fantasy and forget reality.  newline newline  i  m sorry dad.  john said . newline newline david smiled . the flower of innocence always withers regardless its nourishment . his son was no different . he turned to leave but before he got to the door he spoke up ,  its not that i approve ... but just don  t let your mother see you.  he said before walking out into the hallway .hey mom , pops  newline newline things are still the same out here . lots of dust , lots of dirt , lots of sun and no action . pops , i know you said that the army would nt be what i was expecting , but i thought you meant hard  not boring .  any way , it does nt feel like what i signed up for , and it s hard to pass the time here without feeling like i missed something . newline newline the guys in the platoon are mostly alright . the sergeant keeps riding my ass about e.v.e.r.y.t.h.i.n.g. , but otherwise , i get along well . most of them are bored like me  tired of pickets , tired of ridealongs and patrols  just looking for action really . newline newline any who , looks like i just got my wish . sergeant came in and said we re rolling out . i ll leave off here now and pick up when we re back from  redacted  . newline newline dear mr.  mrs. evans ,  newline newline it is my sad regret to inform you that your son was killed today by small arms fire while on patrol .  newline newline by the time this letter reaches you , someone from the department of defense will already have reached out to you and informed you of this terrible news . as bernie s commanding officer , i feel it s my duty to express to you the admiration i had for your son . he was a good soldier and loyal american , and i am proud to have had him under my command .  newline newline i hope you will find it in your hearts to be at peace with bernie s passing someday . just know that until the end , his thoughts and love for you was in his heart . i know this is a terrible burden for you to bear and i wish it were in my power to return to you the son you sent to us . please accept my humble condolences for your loss . my prayers are with you and your family .  newline newline signed ,  newline newline lt. byron macmillan nathan ,  the nurse says as she pokes her head inside the door .  it  s time to go.  newline newline i turn to the nurse and give her the usual smile .  please , jan ?  newline newline the nurse sighs and says gently ,  okay , a few more minutes . but this is last time !  newline newline  thank you ,  i say as she takes her leave . with a heavy sigh , i turn back to the hospital bed , smile turning to frown . my grandfather is hardly even recognizable anymore . his face , which used to be so full and cheerful , now hollow and void of emotion . a man who used to be so jovial and lively , now reduced to a lifeless echo of the machines at his side . newline newline tears stung my eyes . he doesn  t deserve this , i thought . but i could never go through with giving up on him . how could i give up on the man who never gave up on me ? the man who raised me as a son as well as a grandson  who helped me pick out my first truck . heh , that rusty old piece of junk .  the man who taught me how to fish and how to golf . the man who helped me fill out the forms for college , and taught me how to balance a checkbook . the man who pushed me to push myself . newline newline i wipe the tear off my cheek . with a groan , i stand up and place the daily newspaper in the chair i had been sitting in .  well , sorry the news was pretty boring again today . it  s been a fairly uneventful week , hasn  t it , pops ?  i squeezed his hand , hoping , praying , needing , some sign of life . a twitch of a finger , even just the flick of an eye behind his eyelid . but once again , nothing . smiling nonetheless , i said ,  see you soon pops . love you.  newline newline i kiss him on the forehead before heading out of the hospital room . as i make my way to the exit doors , i hear the nurse call out from a side corridor .  take care nathan ! see you tomorrow ?  newline newline i stop in my tracks as her words sink in .  yeah maybe . i don  t know.  newline newline  oh ! well , until next time then.  newline newline i force a smile and say goodnight before rushing out of the hospital . i make it about a block and a half before i stop . after a few moments of thought after thought racing through my head , i pull out my phone and call my sister . newline newline  hey nate , what  s up ?  newline newline  sam , i we need to talk.  newline newline  is everything okay ?  newline newline  yeah , no , i  m fine . i just  newline newline  is this about grandpa ?  newline newline how the hell does she do that ?  with a humorless chuckle , i say ,  actually , yeah . i i  the words won  t come out . but i have to , i need to . push yourself , nathan !   i  ve made my decision.  newline newline  good nate , this is good !  her voice was surprisingly soothing . although i would have preferred to tell her in person .  grandpa would have wanted this.  newline newline i cringe at her use of the past tense .  i know . i know he would . sam , could you ?  newline newline  yes , i  ll take care of it . you go home , get some rest , and i  ll pick you up tomorrow so we can go in together.  newline newline newline that night seemed like an everlasting nightmare . i found no solace in sleep , for i could not even close my eyes . i stared up at the ceiling , wishing for a better way out . three times i had to stop myself from calling sam back in the middle of the night . even so , the next morning came far too quickly . newline newline as the sun peaks over the horizon , i climb out of bed and close the blinds . maybe i can shut out the world forever , i think . as if on cue , my phone rings . sam tells me everything is set . i have 45 minutes before she will pick me up . my stomach drops to the floor . how can doing the right thing feel like such shit ?  newline newline i go to the living room and see the scattered pictures of my grandpa . laughing , smiling , happy pictures . old pictures with my grandma and parents too . newer pictures with myself and sam . the smile that had subconsciously filled my lips started to fade . i pulled my phone out of my pocket and opened up the most recent picture of grandpa , lying in the hospital bed . this is the right thing to do .  newline newline with sam by my side , i follow the path through the hospital that i know so well , knowing this is going to be the last time i make this walk . we enter our grandfather  s room . there are already several people inside . jan gives me a sad smile . a couple doctors welcome us , and a man in a black suit hands me a clipboard .  i just need you to sign here , mr. wilks.  newline newline i take the clipboard and pen , but my vision gets blurry . sam helps me find my spot on the paper , but i stop . push yourself .  i weakly sign my name before taking my place beside my grandfather , clutching onto his hand one last time . sam moves in beside me , hugging my shoulders . newline newline  any last words you would like to say ?  one of the doctors say . newline newline i sniffle , not sure if i can trust my voice .  see you soon , pops.  i feel sam squeeze my shoulders . newline newline behind me , i hear the doctor press a button and the whirring of the machine comes to a stop . newline newline beep beep beep beep beep.. beep . beep.. beep . newline newline  na..nathan ?  newline newline my eyes widen as my heart stops . newline newline beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeepdead . andromeda was dead . i , sol , so named after the sun of this wayward little solar system hovered beside the lifeless carcass of a man that i had tried to save , to turn from the path he d walked , the path of hatred . newline newline newline killed by his own machinations , and there has been nothing capable of ... ... no , do nt lie to yourself sol , to them maybe , those that would nt understand , but do nt lie to yourself . you could have saved him , there was time for someone who moves at relativistic speeds . true , it had been his own device , his own weapon that had turned on him in his final moment , but i could have saved him . i chose not to , and while those outside , waiting with baited breath to see who emerges from the battle victorious , may decry my choice , it was really the only one left to me . newline newline newline how much suffering had androme ... charles , his name was charles , how much ... how much pain had he , had charles visited on other people . how many people were living in tents only with food from the good graces of the red cross to sustain them . newline newline newline no , andr ... charles , for whatever man he might have been in the past , had to die , here and now . after all , it was for the greater good , why let one man live against the pain and misery of thousands , tens of thousands ? why had i waited so long anyways ? how many had i let suffer to appease some ... some misguided jingoism that my parents had imparted on me ? and why had i held onto that antiquated belief for so long when i knew , deep down , that the world did nt work that way , not anymore . perhaps that naivety could hold in a small kansas town , but had i really believed that the world worked that way , that seven billion people could all just get along ? that putting dangerous people in jail for a couple of years really changed anything ? newline newline newline no , that did nt change anything , i did nt change anything . how long had it been , ten years ? what had really changed , what had i really accomplished ? newline newline newline the world was nt a safer place , i d saved a few , but what small percentage was that ? just some media coverage of the big ones ? thousands dying every day in car crashes , tens of thousands in small border disputes  children gunned down , to say nothing of the hundreds of thousands dying every year in abject poverty and starvation around the world . what had i done for those people ? nothing . the world was getting worse , i was nt making the world better . no , i was just giving the media something to play with , something to make people smile , immunized to the real horrors in the world , safely ensconced in the false security of a hero named sol . newline newline newline no more though , that all ends today . charles  methods may have been extreme , unethical , but his goals ... he was trying to make a better world . he may have ... i may have let him ... i may have killed him , but that dream of a better tomorrow , of a paradise for all mankind , i wo nt let that die with him . newline newline newline though i ll have to be subtle . this moment , his death , will be heralded by the people , of course , everyone gets enraptured by the death of a villain , no one will question me , no one will doubt me . i ll have to use that , build trust , and exploit that trust . i have to change the world , for the better . i have to save the world from itself . i have to secure the world , keep it safe , but the only way is with tighter rules , more restrictions , i ca nt be everywhere at once , but if i can drag people out of the petty light of false freedoms and bring them into a structured existence ... one that promises health and longevity , security and freedom from fear . they ll understand in the end , some may fight against it , but in a century , a millennium , i ll be heralded as a savior of the world . i ll be heralded as the one who saved the world from itself , as the one who saved the people from fear and death . there will have to be some sacrifices , but that seems a small price to pay for the salvation of an entire species . after all , i should be their caretaker . i m the only one that can see the whole picture , that can pierce into those private conversations between dictators , presidents , and kings . i have to save them from themselves , it s my duty , i m responsible for them , like a master caring after it s pet , they simply do nt know about the dangers out there . and i have to keep them safe . newline newline newline yes , i have to keep them safe . well you ve certainly picked up your cooking game since i saw you last ,  john said , gesturing with his cutlery ,  this roast beef is absolutely incredible !  newline newline  well actually this whole meal is thanks to my better half ,  replied susan ,  he s one hell of a chef .  newline newline  oh stop it , dear . my head is big enough .  said scott . newline newline  no it s true !  insisted susan ,  scotty does almost all the cooking around here . it s like having a personal chef !  newline newline  well ... we know how busy you are , that s all .  said scott , blushing slightly . newline newline  well i think that s sweet .  chimed in jennifer ,  every woman likes man who can cook !  newline newline  well i make up for it in other ways !  john said , grinning over his wine glass ,  if you know what i mean .  newline newline  i m sure we do .  said scott ,  i ll bet you re all over those dishes after you get fed .  newline newline  not if i know him !  exclaimed susan ,  neither one of us could ever keep that sink empty . it s one of the few things we agreed on .  newline newline  here here !  said john , raising his glass and promptly draining it . newline newline  so tell me susan ,  said jennifer , hurriedly changing the subject ,  are you still working at that law firm downtown ?  newline newline  hardly !  exclaimed susan ,  i have nt been at that dump in 5 years !  newline newline  susan is a bit of a free spirit ...  scott put in ,  she s likely to get involved in different fields .  newline newline  i would nt say likes to  !  susan scoffed ,  i just ca nt stand working for idiots !  newline newline  how many jobs have you had , sus ?  asked john , ignoring jennifer s hushing sounds . newline newline  since we broke up ? christ , has to be 6 or 7 . definitely over the oneayear mark ,  susan replied , topping up her glass . newline newline  what about you john , what are you up to these days ?  interjected scott . newline newline  who , me ?  john laughed ,  i m living free is what i m doing .  newline newline  john is between jobs at the moment ,  jennifer said quickly ,  but he has some big investments lined up .  newline newline  i m surprised you remembered ! you re always so busy with those mutts ,  said john . newline newline  i m a veterinarian ,  jennifer explained ,  and i recently opened my own practice so i ve unfortunately been putting in some long hours .  newline newline  that sounds like this one !  crowed susan ,  but at least that paperwork ca nt carry rabies , it can only bore you to death !  newline newline  i m a lawyer at a firm in the city ,  put in scott ,  i m hoping to make partner soon so i guess i ve been a little ... absent .  newline newline  oh what kind of law do you practice ?  inquired jennifer . newline newline  environmental law !  said scott , eyes lighting up  i m working on a case now to establish lower limits on metal contamination standards ...  newline newline  this one !  interrupted susan ,  is gon na save the world all by himself !  newline newline  it sounds very noble .  said jennifer , quietly . newline newline  yeah we all need to hug more trees !  said john with a hearty laugh . newline newline  can i get you anything else this evening ?  asked the waitress ,  coffee , tea , dessert ?  newline newline  i d love a coffee ,  said scott ,  it will make the drive a lot nicer .  newline newline  same goes for me !  said jennifer . newline newline  i do nt want to sit around while you two leisurely sip .  said susan ,  let s hit the road . there s coffee at home .  newline newline  yeah we do nt have all night ,  added john . newline newline  another time i guess ,  said scott with a sad smile . newline newline  alright then , here s your bill . thank you so much !  the waitress said as she dropped the wallet . newline newline  allow me ,  said scott , reaching for his pocket . newline newline  very gracious of you !  said john , tipping his glass . newline newline  we ll split it , of course !  put in jennifer , hurriedly opening her clutch . newline newline  it s quite alright ,  said scott , dropping his card on the tray ,  but thank you .  newline newline  no , thank you !  said john ,  it was nt half bad !  newline newline  the service was horrendous though ,  sneered susan ,  do nt give that waitress a dime . the only time she came by was to ogle . tips are to insure promptness after all !  newline newline  dear ...  started scott with an exasperated look on his face . newline newline  why do nt you let me tip ?  offered jennifer ,  its the least i can do for the lovely meal .  newline newline  perfect !  said john ,  now let s hit the road baby girl , you know how you get when we re out late .  newline newline  when you are out late .  jennifer returned , but took the bill and returned it with the tip ,  thank you very much for dinner scott . i hope we can do it again some time .  newline newline  easy you two !  said susan with a grin ,  i m the jealous type . good night you two !  newline newline  good night john . good night ... jenn .  newline newline  good night scott .  newline newline ... newline newline  sir ? sir !  newline newline  yes ?  newline newline  glad i caught you !  said the waitress  you left your credit card and receipt !  newline newline  thanks so much ! god . i d forget my head if i did nt have it roughly screwed on !  scott laughed , accepting the card and paper ,  thanks for a wonderful evening .  newline newline  boy was that lucky !  said scott , settling into the drivers seat ,  i d have regret that tomorrow .  newline newline  yeh ...  said susan , before quickly falling back asleep . newline newline  huh . what s this ?  scott muttered to himself , flipping over the receipt and a huge grin spread over his face :  coffee ? 5551234 jenn there was a wizard . he wore a large robe and loved young women . coincidentally , a young woman was his current apprentice . newline newline she had been with many a wizard , and had laid with them in her apprentice chambers . the wizard knew this already , as he had laid with her , many a fortnight , and had both felt and seen the looseness of her once taut vagi  ... . newline newline one day , as the wizard was drinking with his last remaining nonwizard friend , they got to talking about the female apprentices  vagi  , to which the wizard was remembered to have said it was like a  wizards sleeve  . thus the quote  she is as loose as a wizards sleeve  came to be .hi , my name is adam schofield , and i  m a junior research fellow at the breckenridge paleobiology institute . after looking at the picture that you posted on imgur , i am fairly certain i can identify the imprint left on that rock . newline newline are you certain that this is a carving ? from what i can tell , this is actually the remains of an organism that has been fastfossilized in a rhyolite trap . as a matter of fact , it is an extremely rare and prehistoric forerunner of scorpion . newline newline believed to have gone extinct sometime in the late devonian period  about 370 million years ago  , buthidae biourados  literally meaning  two tails   is still classified as a family of scorpions due to the similarity of organs and visual appearance . there is some controversy , however , because this species has only four legs  you can see two pairs of legs on each side of the abdomen  at the lower part of the picture from our angle  , leading some scientists to call this the  false scorpion  . on the farthestanterior position of this organism  the bottom outline of the imprint  , you can see the trace where the claws used to be . and as you can probably tell from the picture , this scorpion had just reached maturity . on its posterior end  its backside , at the top part of the picture from our angle  are two wellpreserved imprints of stingers . b. biourados , just like  true  scorpions today , used their stingers to stun and discharge venom into their enemies . newline newline here  s the interesting part : the bulge in the middle of the two stingers is its venom sac . that  s right , instead of using glands next to the stinger to produce venom  as all scorpions use today  , this species actually carried around a refilling  pouch  of venom . when frightened or alarmed , the sac would shoot venom into one of two stingers , depending on the type of enemy . when hunting for prey , b. biourados would discharge venom from its leftside tail  when defending itself against predators , it would sting with its rightside tail . even though scientists remain unsure why this species had such specialization of stingers , they maintain that this must have aided in its survival . one hypothesis focuses on the  backup  idea  if one of the two stingers became infected or was torn off , the scorpion could simply switch to its  backup  stinger to survive . another hypothesis centers on the idea that the two stingers could be used to anchor the scorpion and stabilize its movement . in other words , the tails could act as an auxiliary pair of legs to walk with . newline newline to be honest , i  m surprised to find this specimen in such good condition . where were you hiking when you found this ? if i were you , i  d call your local forest service , geologic club or university . you might have stumbled upon a very rare fossil ! newline why , jack ? multiple counts of murder , accusations of rape , and traumatizing multiple families all over london . why ?  the constable asked me in a pleading manner . newline newline  because they deserved it ,  i smugly responded , taking pleasure from his look of confusement .  shall i explain myself further ? well , you see , i am a talented man  i graduated with top honors from blackburn academy , and became a practicing surgeon , but i quickly grew bored of that . i decided to take my ... carving to another level another way to help the world . those whores . they deserved it , causing men to commit the sin of lust . tempting men to commit adultery . i had to purge this world . newline newline will i , myself , go to hell for murdering these women ? maybe , but god will see me for who i am . i am a savior . those women were witches and whores . i plead guilty , but i know i shall be acquitted of all crimes . officer , you were not very intelligent , questioning me in my home by yourself . may god have mercy on your soul ,  i finally say as i place the knife into him , and , finally , upon myself . i am a savior .  hey eddy what s new ?  i ask from behind the counter . newline newline as he throws a bag of chips and a pop on the counter he half shrugs ,  ehh , not much . work and all that jazz .  newline newline beep the machine fills the momentary silence . newline newline  just the snacks today then ?  newline newline beep newline newline  actually ...  he looks nervous glancing down at his feet a few times . newline newline i ve known eddy for years , he s always been a great customer and i ve never seen him look like this . my god ... is he going to rob me ? !   eddy what is it ? if there s something wrong you know i d help .  newline newline  what ?  he looks back up to my face . he looks really confused .  no , i just ... i wan na buy a lotto ticket but i feel like i should nt  newline newline i burst out in a deep laugh  is that what you re so stressed about ? my friend , the jackpot is 213 million dollars . i think putting in a buck is nt gon na break the bank .  i chuckle as i walk to the lotto machine .  do you want an easy pick or do you wan na pick em yourself ?  newline newline  15857223011  he says almost robotic , faster than i can punch in the number . newline newline i laugh again at the oddness ,  that was a little fast . mind giving them to me again ?  newline newline  fifteen , eight , fifty seven , twenty two , thirty , eleven .  every word slow and deliberate . newline newline i raise my eyebrow inquisitively at him as the paper slip prints . when it s done i pick it up and take it back to the register and scan it . newline newline beep newline newline  that s  4.70 to you eddy .  he pulls a five out of his pocket and hands it to me and he takes his goodies . before i can even start punching in the cash he starts walking off .  eddy do nt you want the 30 cents ?  newline newline  keep it .  he says just as he s about to reach the door . then it was if time slowed . he opened then door and took his first step outside . newline newline  get him ! !  i heard someone shout outside . suddenly eddy is on the ground and someone that looks to be from the fbi has jumped onto his back from the roof . newline newline  what the hell ? !  i say without thinking , running to the door but stopping before going outside . five other men quickly run up from seemingly nowhere falling to their knees to help control eddy . newline newline  no ! no ! it s legitimate ! i do nt even know what the winning numbers will be ! it was a guess i swear ! you ca nt do this !  newline newline  you know damn well you have violated time code pdx15 . time travel can not be used for personal gain .  newline newline  it was hundreds of years ago , those kind of records do nt even exist . how would i know what the next winning numbers will be ? you have to let me go .  after struggling with him for a few moments the men finally got eddy into cuffs and stand him up . one of the smaller guys starts patting him down until he gets to his pocket and stops . reaching in he pulls out a silver ... pocket watch ? newline newline  oh and how do you explain this ?  the smaller man asks with attitude . newline newline  that s ... not mine ? it s a friends ! yea , that s it ! i found it at aaaa friends and he said i could have it . is it illegal to own a pocket watch ?  i ve never heard a man talk so fast . newline newline  no , and even a brand new ages watch 4 is nt illegal to own , but i d be willing to bet if we did a count down on this particular watch we d find quite a bit of unauthorized time skipping .  the other men laugh at some joke i seem to have missed .  let s get back to our own period guys .  as they start pulling out their own pocket watches i finally open the door and speak up . newline newline  excuse me ? what is he in trouble for ?  they all look at me dumbstruck , then quickly exchange glances amongst themselves . newline newline  do nt worry about it sir .  the shorter man says to me with a smile . they all turn the crown on their pocket watches and disappear without a sound . i stand there blinking for a few moments trying to figure out what happen . at some point i mindlessly i drift to the register . i loose track of how long i stand there trying to make sense of it all . pocket watches ? somehow , i find myself looking at the lotto machine . newline newline    newline newline    newline newline    newline newline reprint last ticket newline newline    newline newline    newline newline    newline newline beep newline newline newlinemy first go at a prompt , please be nice but i d love some opinions newline newline i made my way down the hallway at the hospital , hurting from that bottle of wine i had last night . do nt get me wrong , i love my job but sometimes it takes its toll on me . sometimes it gets too much and i flee into a better world . i work in a children s hospital . a pretty depressing place if you ask me but thankfully we started a project to bring a little bit of joy into the world of these children . once a week the kids get to meet their favourite superhero , in person , hear stories , ask questions , if they are well enough they can go out for a couple of hours , the whole deal . newline today is the worst day to be hungover , it s summertime and the sun is burning relentlessly on the building making it unbearably hot . the air was heavy and humid , sweat was dripping from my forehead . if i exercised more it would probably be easier to cope with the climate but the job , my 2 dogs and the superherofoundation meetings did nt leave much time for a private life . newline i pushed past superman in the hallway and there i stood in front of tyron s doors . newline i took a deep breath and went to knock on the door . newline tyron was an incredibly smart teenager , used to be involved in a lot of sports and volunteered at the youth centre every friday afternoon . the finest example for a perfect kid . newline over the years i developed a strong bond with tyron , i knew him from the moment he walked through these doors the first time , ready to start his first round of chemotherapy , remission , another round of chemo and another . he was always polite , almost cheery and he fought like a lion but now after three years there were no options left , he was dying . newline i entered the room , tyron staring at me blankly . newline  tyron i know you re upset , i am so so sorry !  i introduced myself helplessly . newline  look just because you might not get as much time as other people on this earth does nt mean you ca nt enjoy the time you have left  i tried to soothe the situation.  have you thought about doing a little trip with iron man ? or maybe see a different part of the world with the flash ? we can organise that in a heartbeat  newline tyron stared at me , with bloodshot eyes , his eyeballs seemed to retreat into their sockets , leaving big blue bags underneath them , his once athletic body seemed frail all of a sudden . newline  i want to have the last say over my body  , he exclaimed.  i do nt want to lie here waiting for the inevitable ! why do horrible people get more than 60 years and i will barely get 17 ? why do i have to wait helplessly until my body destroys itself ? if this is really supposed to be it i want to take my chances . i want to gamble my life . i want to meet the joker and if i win he takes my life while i m still sane and not shitting my pants and uttering nonsense , if i loose i will abide your stupid rules and wait for my end . newline but i want a chance !  newline stunned by this demand i was lost for words , i felt hot and cold simultaneously and my intestines cramped up even worse than before , i must have lost all colour in my face before i managed to stutter  the joker ? !  now the words were flowing out of my mouth like an unstoppable stream  that is impossible , he is not part of the program ! how would we even get a hold of him ? if we could how would we convince him to come here and most definitely be arrested and put behind bars for the rest of his life . with this request you are putting everyone in this hospital in danger ! apart from that killing you also is highly illegal and just out of the question  newline  i knew you could nt do it  he said dauntingly with a hint of disappointment  living your perfect life , hiding on the couch with you dogs stuffing creametarts in your happy face ! have a great life !  newline i left the room and asked to finish my shift early , i was overwhelmed and exhausted . newline during the tram ride home i thought about tyron s words , he hit home pretty hard but in the end he was right . i pondered over his words for hours until i made a decision . newline one that would change my life forever .strip clubs are basically recessionproof . people go to them when they re happy and they go to them when they re not . newline newline i started as a bouncer for one near a local college back in 1981 . i was 21 , in good shape and horny as hell so i jumped on the chance to spend my evenings watching women undress . every so often i d have to intimidate the odd pervert into leaving but it was generally a pretty easy job  just stand around looking scary and try not to get too distracted . newline newline for the first few months it was glorious , pretty much exactly as you d expect , but at some point my enthusiasm to get up and go to work  or get up at all  started to wane . to keep the job interesting i d made friends with a few of the girls and a few of the regulars  both groups were mostly fellow students , surprisingly . one of the psych majors introduced me to the concept of the hedonic treadmill , that people tend to return to their baseline level of happy given enough time . so it was nt really that i was nt interested anymore , i d just gotten better at running at that speed . newline newline with my mind freed up for other pursuits i became a mentor of sorts to many of the younger patrons . if someone had a paper due i would nt let them in until they had turned it in , though they d get in free after , and if someone needed to discuss a high level problem with someone who had no idea what they were talking about i was their man . a few of the regulars were even pursuing degrees in fashion and just coming in to do a bit of recon . newline newline much to my surprise , i had a real eye for what worked and what did nt . one day i spotted a student s rough draft of a nightie she was designing and offered her some tips on how to improve it  better airflow , more freedom of movement , and so on  based on my experience , observations and conversations with some of the girls about how terrible their outfits were . she got an a thanks to me . turns out i was nt just watching , i was learning too . word got out about the fashion guru working at the strip club and i started to see more and more fashion students , even the odd professor who swore he was there on business ... . newline newline talking with everybody made the job enjoyable , so much so that i kept doing it for longer than most people would . hell , i m still doing it now , 34 years later . once a semester i give a lingerie design talk to the new students too , so they know what women who wear the stuff almost every day want and do nt want . i hope one day to see one of the students i ve helped accepting an award and thanking me . a few have promised so i m optimistic it ll happen at least once . newline newline it s not the path i expected to take in life , but it s been fulfilling . newline newline   newline newline   iama bouncer who has helped hundreds of students who have been designing lingerie for 34 years !    https : www.reddit.comrsubredditsimulatorcomments3per02iamabouncerwhohashelpedhundredsofstudents  bitch ,  he gobbled from his place inside the pen . he watched with angry eyes as one of the gods , the one with the coveralls  selected his sister for this years tribute . he , like the others , had run around offering to be this years tribute , but the wrinkled god with the axe ignored him . he was nt angry at the god . they moved in mysterious ways and their reasons for who they selected were beyond reasonings of his kind .  bitch .  he gobbled again . it was his sister s doing . it had to be . he d been jealous of her ever since they d hatched .  bitch . bitch . bitch .  newline newline he ran at a few of the other turkey s puffing out his chest and fanning out his tail . his beard waggled angrily as he told off those who had agitated him . newline newline  what s wrong , dude ?  his best friend asked , sidling up to him . newline newline  why did the god choose her ?  he whined . newline newline  same reason everyone chose her would be my guess .  his friend replied .  big breast . god s a boob guy . in that dark chapel i banged out crude tunes on that weathered piano , feeling alone but satisfied . newline newline she sneaked in , sitting next to me in her sundress , smiling wide . newline newline  i play too ,  she said .  you re pretty good . can you play me a song ?  newline newline i played the saddest tune i knew , and she grinned all the while , enjoying each note . even the ones i screwed up . then i moved aside , and she played the most beautiful , complex music i d ever known , making that old piano sing as if it were in its youth . she stopped , and i was at a loss for words . she d blown me away . newline newline there , in the moonlight , this girl i hardly knew bared her soul , and it was beautiful . i smiled at her . newline newline we played together the rest of the night , trading songs and techniques . she was classical and i was improvisational . we knew we could learn worlds from eachother . newline newline the sun rose , light flooding through the stain glass windows . we d lost track of time , knowing somehow we d found something special . newline newline nine years later , we still know . it was never a question .my parents grew up without religion . they were proud atheist jews who never withheld a n opportunity to brag about either . i was always a proud atheist , looking at disgust whenever i saw a large church building in a ghetto , the symbol of tyranny and personification of marx s  opiate of the masses .  newline newline i thought my grandfather was also an atheist into the day of my grandmother s funeral , when the hebrew prayers fell out of his usually vile and coarse mouth . newline newline anyway , despite my surprise , i forgot all about it and focused intently on getting into a finance program and networking my way into wall street job . newline newline i crashed and burned about 5 years into working . i started losing my hobbies and sex did nt seem fun anyone because of all the selfish gold diggers . worse , were all of the  concerned  women coming out like clockwork , and yet , there i was , unsatisfied . newline newline the dings from my phone s email drove me nuts , each ding worse than a blow i got from a childhood bully . newline newline i travelled to peru , figuring i would get some beatle or rolling stone or anthony bourdain type realization . i defiantly decided to not go the old tourist way but rather see the peruvians as they were . newline hitchhiking in another language was odd but my limited spanish and an old toyota pickup carried me to some town named macondo . newline newline macondo , an odd quirky town , seemed inbred and insane with crazy things every few minutes . after a few weeks of seeing pigs fly and hopping out , i finally got the natives to let me in a night ceremony .newline newline newline there is a faint buzzing in my ear , it culminates in that feeling of dread , the one that keeps you from getting on the train , or stops you from crossing the street as a car careens through the intersection . but this was more tangible . i can feel the imminence in it . this is the warning . this is the end , do they even know ? newline newline the normalcy around me is infuriating . blue skies , green grass . it hardly seems fair . 90 seconds . why me ? i do nt want to go . i do nt want to go ! the sun is so pretty today . 75 seconds . i wish i did nt know . i never thought i would want to be surprised until i was nt . why do they get to stay ? why ? newline newline wait , look . look in their eyes , they hear it too . women , men , children , all with their ears cocked . they hear it too . there is a lie in the buzzing . this is nt a shower , is it ? such a beautiful day . we all shuffle hopefully into the shower room , but as the doors close , and the gas begins to dispense , we all know the truth of that sound . 5 seconds left ...the machine shifted from a full on roar to a gentle whirl . then it stopped making any noise . men in lab coats moved an and began unbuckling the test subject , moving him to a table . after a quick medical examination , they determined he was physically okay . his mental state would be examined when he awoke . newline newline it was the whole point of the machine . to see if you could completely remove someone s consciousness and then replace it with another . the first half had been proven effective . there were a large number of mindless subjects already in the holding cells awaiting the second part of the trial . this man was merely the one of them . newline newline within ten minutes he was sitting up , awake , but staring blankly ahead . he had been moved to a smaller room , empty except for a few chairs . one examiner was in the room . the others watched and recorded from behind oneway glass . newline newline  okay ,  the examiner said ,  let s start off easy . what is your name ?  newline newline  river songs whats yours ?  newline newline so far so good . the examiner nodded , and continued ,  i m dr. goldstein . next question . how old are you ?  newline newline  my mommy says not to talk to strangers ! !  newline newline a little odd . let  s continue .  i  m a doctor , you can talk to those . now , can you tell me how old you are ?  newline newline  who one the nobel prize in physics in 1985 ?  newline newline  no , i  m the one asking questions . just answer them . can you please tell me how old you are ?  newline newline  yes i am . but i have a title . if my name is diadz , who am i to you ?  newline newline hmm . changed their name ? perhaps two minds got mixed up . that might account for confusion .  i thought you said your name was river songs . which is it ?  newline newline  i never said that . my name is dyn.  newline newline a third name ? the examiner wanted to press even more , but the others turned on the loud speakers and ordered ,  just stick to the prewritten questions goldstein.  newline newline the subject perked up at the speakers and looked around , confused .  you must have been talking to someone else , i am dyn.  newline newline okay , some consistency with the name . next question then .  okay dyn . how old are you ?  newline newline  it is irrevalent . please answer my question , why do you think i am waiting ?  newline newline waiting ? nevermind . stick to the questions you  ve memorized .  okay , what was your first paying job ?  newline newline  how do you log chats ?  newline newline  we  re getting nowhere . the subject isn  t making any sense ,  dr. goldstein spoke to the other examiners watching in . newline newline the man , in a seemingly helpful gesture , proclaimed ,  haha i suppose . i do nt get much sleep.  newline newline the loudspeaker buzzed ,  just continue with the rest of the questions dr.  newline newline  was hlst du von larry stylinson ! ?  the man suddenly yelled . he was now tense . it looked as though he were ready to leap out of the chair . newline newline german ? he , he isn  t supposed to be speaking german .  uh ,  goldstein was getting nervous ,  what is your favourite animal and why ?  newline newline  my favorite animal is a horse , what is yours ! ?  the man was still yelling , now leaning closer to the examiner . newline newline  wwho is the current leader of this country ?  goldstein was now standing behind his chair to distance himself . newline newline  barack obama !  newline newline okay , two answers that make sense . even if he is yelling . goldstein sat back down in the chair .  what did you have for dinner last night ?  newline newline  i did have a png !  the man suddenly leapt from his chair .  what did you have for dinner last night ?  he yelled as he jumped at the examiner . newline newline goldstein fell sideways from his chair just in time to dodge .  help ! someone restrain the subject ! we need to terminate this test session !  he called to the examiners behind the glass . newline newline  no wonder you are hungry !  the man yelled as he righted himself from the ground . newline newline the man chased the examiner around the small room . no response was coming from the loudspeaker .  i  m serious ! this isn  t funny ,  goldstein announced between breaths ,  i can  t keep the subject away . we need to stop the test !  newline newline  i m hawing a great time , just answer my question !  the subject had now bitten his own lower lip off and was still after the examiner . newline newline finally the loudspeaker blared ,  we  re sorry , we can  t terminate the test until all questions have been asked.  newline newline the man stopped chasing the examiner .  then answer this  what is your favourite music album of all time ? !  the subject called . he then calmly walked back to his chair and sat down . newline newline goldstein was stunned . but then he realized that was the next question on the list . but how did the subject know ? there was nowhere for him to read from . newline newline behind the glass there was a similar debate going on . how did the one subject know the question ? why was one test subject taking so well to his role as an examiner while the other was failing at being a teenager with violent anger problems ? this had never happened before . not with any test subjects or any of the minds they inserted into them . the machine never malfunctioned . nothing during the process was any different . newline newline back behind the glass the scientists came up with a possible explanation . the test subjects were both on their 7th round of being erased and rewritten . perhaps remnants of past minds stayed locked behind and after so many times being rewritten , the human brain no longer took to the process . newline newline it was decided that the erratic subject would be euthanized and the one playing the doctor would undergo the process again . all subjects would continue to be tested until they too broke . now the test was to see how many times the machine could work on people . newlinemom , newline newline i know you never wanted me to enlist but i m glad you never tried to hold me back from doing so . i really feel alive out here , like i m doing good . i feel like louis and clark on this grand adventure exploring the unknown . i know i m not the first man to walk these lands but if feels good knowing that i am making it safe so that i will not be the last . it s weird thinking back to when i was just a little kid , when all this news started of a new land , a new hope , a new world ... . we did nt realize the hard part was still ahead ... claiming it as our own . i know it sounds corny but i m out here for you as well . who knows how long old blue is going to last . newline we have lost all forms of communication other then sending these letters home , everything is fine here now we have won please come as soon as possible sending leaders first everything is good and great here and i look forward to seeing you and all of everyone else tell the leaders of blue everything is good thank you and have a good daypropriam manu telum newline newline what an odd thing to write over a doorway . i d been travelling through rome for a week now , and i d been studying latin for years before that .  to the proper hand , its weapon ?  i had to go inside and find out what this little store had to sell . i turned off the street , and descended what felt like at least three flights of stairs . newline newline odd , i thought , what the hell kind of place is this ?  newline newline i certainly had nt expected the stairway to open up into a large hall . it was lit by flickering torchlight , and looked completely deserted . newline newline  hello ?  i called . newline newline a man s voice spoke up from directly behind me , startling me . where had this guy come from ? how long had he been there ? newline newline  oh good , you re here . i ve been expecting you .  he said . he was short but powerfully built man , dressed in a nondescript brown robe . i could nt begin to guess his age , or ethnicity with any accuracy : my immediate impression was of some kind of fighting monk . newline newline  okay ... but where exactly is here ? and why are you expecting me ?  newline newline the possiblyamonk smiled . newline newline  curious and unafraid . great qualities in someone who finds themselves in the hall of armaments . walk with me , i ll explain as we go .  newline newline what the hell , i might as well walk with the guy . i had to stretch my legs to keep up with him though  despite my height advantage this guy seemed implacable , covering ground quickly . newline newline  this is the hall of armaments . in here are gathered the greatest weapons of their time . when a great hero dies , we enshrine their weapon here to preserve its legacy , and to keep it ready if it needs to be taken up by another in a time of great need .  newline newline  okay ...  i started , noting that we were walking past swords , and axes . in front of each was a little plaque with its name and  presumably  the name  s  of those who d carried them .  so you re going to give me a sword ?  newline newline  goodness , no . a weapon is reflective of its times  i doubt i ll ever give a blade like excalibur out ever again . they were good in their time , but even the sword of arthur would nt accomplish much today .  he replied to me , gesturing offhand at a shining sword stuck appropriately into a stone . newline newline  that s excalibur ? !  i exclaimed newline newline  yes , but it s not here for you . come on , let s get you to something more modern .  newline newline as we kept moving , i noticed we were moving away from medieval weapons and were passing firearms  simple ones at first , with more modern ones coming up . newline newline  we re nearly to yours . please stay close .  newline newline i noticed that we were nowhere near to the end of the hall . as we kept walking i tried to stare into the dim light ahead . the man s arm across my chest halted me suddenly . he reached up and grabbed me by the chin , gently but firmly turning my gaze away from the darkness ahead to regard a small pedestal next to us . newline newline  your weapon is in the box .  newline newline what the hell ? now i was getting truly freaked out . i m not a fighter by any stretch of the imagination . i thought he was leading me on , as some kind of really elaborate prank . this old crank is actually going to give me a weapon ? newline newline  what s in there ?  newline newline  a weapon of great power , if used correctly . you may not know its original wielder , but he was a man named evan brown . he last carried into battle in the nation north of your homeland .  newline newline i reached forward , and got a good grip on the handles on either side of the box . i bent my knees and lifted , carefully removing the heavy lid . i looked inside , and saw ... newline newline ... a pie ? newline newline  brown used this weapon to attack a man he saw as a tyrant enforcing unfair laws . while brown did not ruin the man he set out to dethrone , he did grab the attention of his countrymen .  newline newline  what the ... this is nt a weapon ! it s a bloody pastry !  newline newline the man s powerful slap came out of nowhere , knocking me to my knees . newline newline  oh you fool , think ! not all weapons are meant to kill man  not all men can be killed directly . a true tyrant slain may become a martyr , but one whose reputation dies is surely defeated .  newline newline  you want me to   newline newline the next slap cracked off my other cheek , stunning me . newline newline  not me ! you ! you want to . you know who you need to hit . you may even know when to do it .  newline newline i stood back up , and picked up the pie . as i did so , it dawned on me : newline newline not all heroes are soldiers . newline newline not all villains are defeated in death newline newline and sometimes ... newline newline laughter is what a tyrant fears most of all . newline newlineyoung jackie and peter were quite the young pairing , newline both popular , beautiful , loving and caring , newline they met in their high school  fell heels over head , newline they walked and they talked and they both shared a bed . newline newline they did that one thing that the kids are all doing newline  and let us be clear , so you re not misconstruing  , newline they did the one thing that makes babies appear , newline they did it a lot , from the front , from the rear . newline newline and , who would have guessed that the doing they did newline did what doing it does  it produced them a kid . newline young jackie had tested , the clearblue was clear newline that they both would be parents in less than a year . newline newline but peter was angry  his future was fading , newline the thought of a nappy was simply degrading , newline he argued and blustered and pleaded his case : newline  just think of the money ! the stress ! the disgrace !  newline newline young jackie , she listened , she heard peter s pleading , newline she thought , and she thought . then she noticed the bleeding . newline she paled , so did peter , they drove to get treated , newline the embryo s journey abruptly completed . newline newline they drove home in silence , the space in between them newline a gulf  though you d never have guessed if you d seen them  , newline they split , they grew up , went to college , grew old , newline young peter and jackie , their story now told . newlinedr. zenaquo ostarr , 2515 , professor in terra history at odrax university newline newline a response to achakchak s :  treatise on the us supreme court s legalisation of homosexual marriage anno 2015   newline newline i write this piece as a response to my fellow scholar achakchak s  treatise on the us supreme court s legalisation of homosexual marriage  in the attempt to improve upon his previous ideas and adress his criticism towards the society of the former united states of america on the planet terra . in specific i will revise his arguments of the decision s impact on the furthering of polarizing of homo sapiens sapiens political atmosphere on terra , the impact it had on the 2nd civil war and the alliances between the new confederate state , the russian federation and the abrahamic alliance , as well as his statement that  terra humanoid politicians were pretty fucking stupid  newline newline in his first point , achakchak remarked that the american leader , brakrak obama  barack obama in terra english  , had introduced the question to spite the extreme right as a result of the extreme right s violence towards the black community . this is inaccurate , however  the issue had not been introduced by obama himself , but rather it was a result of the conflicting laws within the us between the states , and the decision was an attempt to unify the states on the matter . newline newline he then used the often told legend that after the supreme court s decision was announced , brakrak had climbed a monument of the old confederation and replaced it s flag  known as the stars and bars  with the gaypride flag . however , historical research has disproven that legend multiple times , and it stays a mere legend . neither did brakrak , as achakchak claims , have the republican senators stripped of their clothes and paraded through the streets in the infamous  gaypride parade  . this was an event of homosexuals themselves , to advocate for the rights of homosexual individuals within terra societies . newline newline one of his true points , however , is the hostile reaction from the conservative side in both america and across the world . however , i will not risk to put it as blunt as achakchak when he says that  the conservatards were basically having a raging tantrum  . he uses the examples of several churches across america refusing to marry anyone , the massive protests in conservative strongholds and the republican  sanctity of marriage  campaign . he is right when he proves that this polarized politics in the us , using various comments of the medium known as  the internet  , where often furious discussions were had about the issue . conservatives , he said , were  being ignorant shitfaces and saying their only hope was is now   ironically , the civil war did strenghten is  . this is put a bit harshly , but there is merit in these statements and they give us a , be it somewhat distorted image , of society back then . newline newline the rest i will adress in the second part , published next week in the interstellar history , but for a final part , i will agree with achakchak that this issue was very important in the wars to follow after the enviromental collapse in 2030 . the likemindedness of the democratic forces and the european forces in terms of ideas played a huge rule in their pyrrhic victory over the abrahamic alliance , and the eventual extinction of mankind as a whole . he is right that  if the homo sapiens sapiens had nt been such idiots over basic fucking shit like sentient beings  rights , and focussed on the enviroment instead , they might not all be fucking dead  newline newline newline newline you ca nt be fucking serious .  newline newline don s response is a shock to the rest of the staff  the anger unbecoming of his quiet persona . and yet , very appropriate for what they had just heard . what follows from the crowd is a storm of accusations and confused garble . a bespectacled man in the back row flips his dinky chairdesk into the sea of fuming nerds . another chucks a porcelain mug at the podium before them . essays fly in an ama cited flurry . newline newline  please settle down !  the administrator pleads , to no avail . he motions to the security guards beside him , and pepper spray is applied liberally . a bitter mist hangs over the tearyeyed crowd . soon , the mob is an audience again . newline newline  we are serious .  he continues ,  using the latest in applied biochemistry , we have discovered that these strange meteorites have the ability to morph into any vital organ .  he gestures an uncallused hand to the box of jade crystals . somewhere in the back , a biochemist sniggers . newline newline  you re not convinced ?  he asks . newline newline  no , we re not insane .  the intern s quip receives a hearty laugh  then his eyes receive a generous helping of pepper spray . newline newline  very well .  the administrator smirks as he picked up one of the alien shards . then he points at don .  simon , bring me that one .  newline newline don is picked up in simon s muscular arms . the guard places him before his boss the same way a dog returns a tennis ball . the administrator slyly retrieves something from his sleeve . then with a quick swipe of an unusually large steak knife , don s kidneys are gone . the crowd gasps : half in horror , half in awe of his incredible precision . newline newline as the victim screams bloody murder , the shard is placed in his oozing wound . the opening glows red as a high shrill bounces off the plaster walls . then suddenly , silence . the crowd gasps again , don s kidneys are back . newline newline the room is filled with the roars of ecstatic scientists , journalists , and one poodle . what were once tears of pain are now tears of joy ... and also pain . newline newline  sir this is unbelievable !  the chairslinger laughs ,  do you know what this could mean for modern science ? !  newline newline he responds with a confident volume ,  sure ! but that s not an enterprising mindset now is it ?  after the celebratory champagne has quit flowing , and the showroom cleared of all confetti , the administrator holds another meeting . this time with a board of directors .this is longer than it should be , but since i have nt actually written in years , imma let it happen . the beginning scene is completely unnecessary , but i just really wanted to write it . constructive criticism is welcome and appreciate ! newline newline i stood outside my apartment , my forehead resting against the door . it had been a shitty daymaybe even the shittiest of days . after getting yelled at for refusing to refund a halfchugged gallon of milk and fifty  can i talk to your manager ?   well , sirma  am , i am the manager.  conversations later , all i wanted to do was get inside , curl into bed , and drink a shitton of alcohol . instead , of course , i had to come home to jenny . newline newline i  m not usually a oneupperif you  ve got a horrible story to tell , i usually bask in the horribleness of it with you , making incredulous noises at the proper time and prompting you to continue with a ,  oh my god , really ?  when necessary . it  s nice to bitch , i get it , and i don  t like taking that away from people , but the one time i can not stay silent is when the topic of roommates comes up . because jennyjenny isn  t just the roommate from hell . i  d say she ran hell , but she  s too stupid for that . instead , she  s probably one of satan  s lackiesher whole purpose in life is probably be as annoying as possible without crossing the line because god knows what else she does in her spare time . she  s like a sitcom charactershe works some random job and always has enough money , but never actually seems to do any of the work . really . i  ve tried to figure out her routine so i  m off work only when she  s not home , but she doesn  t have a routine , unless sitting on the couch watching fox news while aggressively chewing carrots and making passiveaggressive remarks counts . newline newline my neighbor , an old indian womanone half of the most judgmental couple ever to liveturns the key to her apartment , and i jolt out of my thoughts , straightening as i turn toward her . newline newline i smile as wide as i can .  hey !  i point to the door and try laughing , which doesn  t help my effort to appear less weird .  i was definitely going inside , y  know , justjust doing some breathing exercises . you know , like yoga ?  why the fuck am i talking about yoga ?  not that i think you  d know anything about yoga because you  re indian , you know ! because , like , i know that  s racist  my hands flap around as i think , oh my god , stop talking , please stop  and i know racists are all like ,  i swear i  m not racist ,  but i swear i  m not racist . like , at all . i love india !  newline newline she peers at me over her glasses , mouth pressed in a line , hand still holding the key pressed into the lock .  hmmmm.  the judgment in her eyes settles on my shoulders , pressing me down as i try my hardest to disappear into the door . newline newline  no , really , iindia is great.  i  m nodding as fast as i can to let her know how much i think india is great , as if every time i bob my head , i add another unit of greatness to my opinion of india . newline newline her lips press together even further .  i  m pakistani.  her eyebrows haven  t moved , but they seem to be judging me , too . newline newline i gape .  ohoh my god , i  m so sorry , i just assumed that you were , y  know , indian , becausebecause.  maybe saying  you look the same  isn  t the best thing to say right now , so instead , i wave my hand around .  because , y  know.  newline newline  i do not know.  newline newline i open my mouth , trying to salvage what little dignity i have left and instead probably about to set fire to it all , but she takes pity on me . newline newline  i do not want to continue this talk , please.  newline newline well , it  s something like pity . probably . either way , i take it as the out it is .  yeah , yeah , of coursei totally agree , for sure . i  m sorry about , uh , all that.  newline newline she twitches the corners of her lips in what  s supposed to be a smile , maybe . it looks painful .  it is fine.  her face lets me know that it  s not . newline newline she opens her door and mutters something under her breathi don  t want to know whatand i call after her :  it was nice seeing you !  my answer is the soft click of the door , followed by the unmistakable sound of her door chain locking into place . newline newline i thunk my head onto my door again .  good job . you managed to look like a moron , a racist , and a headcase.  i sigh and fumble for my keys , because i don  t want to wait for another neighbor to judge my life choices in the hallway outside my apartment . time to face the music . newline newline i enter the apartment and stop , listening for the sounds of her . i shut the door behind me , wincing as it creaksthe last thing i want to do is alert her to my presence . if i  m lucky , i  ll slip past her and not have to acknowledge her existence . newline newline there  s nothing , thoughno jackintheboxesque appearance of her face . i tiptoe further in , and everything  s quiet . very quiet . hope bubbles within mecould it be ? could she have left the house ? newline newline hope is foolish , i remind myself , especially when it comes to jenny . she  s probably in the bathroom , or maybe hiding behind a door , waiting to pop out at me because that is exactly the type of person she is . newline newline i make it to the kitchen unassaulted , and i  m about to let out a breath of relief when i see the fridge door open . my heart sinks . i knew it was too good to be true . newline newline i lean against the door jamb and stop myself from sighing .  hey , jenny.  newline newline the fridge jolts as if someone had just struck it and there  s a lot of cursingbut the voice is off . jenny  s voice isn  t that highpitched . newline newline  jenny ?  i push myself off the door and try to peer around the fridge door . newline newline and stop . what the fucking fuck , i think calmly . newline newline  what the fucking fuck.  it comes out highpitched and strangled , which is perfectly excusable because staring back at me is aa thing . a creature . a monster ? what the fuck . newline newline  um , hi ,  sheis it a she ? it sounds like a she , but do monsters have genders ?  says . there  s a jar of peanut butter in one handpaw ? and a halfbitten celery stick in her other . they  re jenny  s , so at least there  s an upside to this whole thing .  i , uhi can explain ?  newline newline  right.  i nod .  yes , of course.  i stumble back toward the kitchen island . i hate it because i always bump my hip into it on the way to the fridge , but right now , it  s the only thing holding me up .  you can explain.  i know i  m saying the words , sure , but i feel as if i  m watching someone else say them , because there is motherfucking pink monster eating peanut butter from celery sticks in my kitchen . newline newline she shuts the fridge door , which lets me know she  s an environmentally conscious monster .  right . um.  she takes a breath .  hi , i  m bertha.  she still has the peanut butter and celery sticks in her hands . she  s smallkinda like a really , really big dogand her eyes are huge and buglike . pink fur covers everything . she kinda looks like elmo , actually , except an elmo that  s been bleached and sent through the washer . newline newline she  s trying to smile . elmo  s world starts playing in my head , and i start giggling . even i can hear how fucking deranged i sound , gasping for breath in between laughter , but i can  t stop . it  s elmo . it  s fucking elmo . five year old me would  ve loved this . newline newline  oh , dear ,  she says , and i sink to the ground , the drawer knobs digging into my back , still laughing .baphomet  s gaze shifted painfully slowly from the reports laid out haphazardly on his desk back to the demon shuddering before him . this demon had a particularly bad case on his hands , baphomet had discovered  he was suffering a fate normally reserved for the most pejorative of hell  s residents . the summoning circle takes a remarkably small toll on demons from all walks of life  it is the summoners themselves that necessitate the harvesting of their souls . but rappa  thuk ? the loyal recruit , the shining idol of the lower ranks ? he deserved better than this . newline newline  so.  baphomet  s voice rang like thunder even in his quietest tones . newline newline  yes , lord baphomet  rappa  thuk failed to conceal his fear at the matter . newline newline  throughout the entirety of the previous quarter ,  baphomet continued ,  you have been summoned far more than usual  newline newline  yes  newline newline  by teenaged girls.  newline newline  yes , my lord.  rappa  thuk was no taller than the average human , bore the typical red flesh and goat posterior , but his horns had barely outgrown his hair . the very recent recruit , thrust in a position like this .  you understand , sir , that i can not control who summons  newline newline  silence ,  baphomet rang out .  i need to think this over.  with the rise of paranormal horror films such as insidious and the like , the lower ranks of the hell courts have been nearly constantly called upon by teenaged girlswhether it be intentionally to demand a barter , or just to see if it could be doneand the results have been downright horrific . not only are the majority of the tasks so petty as brushing hair , eliminating an exboyfriend , earning the love of a celebrity , but half the time the demons have been unable to procure a soul from those who summon them , or any souls period . hell was being put on a strain . newline rappa  thuk , of course , had received the brunt of it all  sometimes being called up eight , nine times a day , seven days a week for the past three months . it was quite clear that all this was putting a strain on him in particular , alongside the other lowerranked demons of the hell courts . newline newline we need a solution to this , baphomet thought , and fast .  thuk is a key figure among the lower ranks  he  s wellliked , respected . we  ll need him to show the other demons in his rank a solution that we can provide  they will listen to him . but how newline newline baphomet  s thinking was suddenly interrupted when  thuk crashed headlong into the ceiling , having been summoned once again . baphomet  s office naturally prevents summoning to take place within its walls in order to allow meetings to occur uninterrupted , but it can  t interrupt the demon  s body from following the call of the summon . the roof above the chair opposite his had long since formed convexed from such motions . newline newline forged from the foreheads of the damned , he chuckled to himself . then he got an idea newline newline  get up ,  thuk.  newline newline  yes , sir ,   thuk replied , scrambling to his feet . newline newline  tell me ,  thuk , how do you feel about this little predicament of yours ?  newline newline  me , sir ?  newline newline  yes , youdammit , who else is here with us besides lucifer ?  baphomet angrily motioned with his goathead to the window . every office in the ninth circle was within earshot of lucifer , so as to relay high commands quicklyand to remind them of who is in charge here , despite being waistdeep in ice . newline newline  well , i there is no pain i would not endure for the glory of hell  newline newline  the truth ,  thuk.  seeing the baphomet  s patience wearing thin ,  thuk stammered somewhat , but in a sigh , conceded . newline newline  what i would give to just be rid of the damned girls ! half of them are so young as to have no conception as to what a demon entails ! ! it is bad enough i can not barter their souls off of themoh , no , they are too dumb to be fooled ! every waking hour i am forced to contend with it ! do you know what the last one asked me to do ? she asked me to be her friend ! who in the world has to be so damnably lonely so as to turn to hell to find a friend ! ? and why one so low on the ladder as i am ! ? hell alive , every one of us in the lower ranks is contending with it !  newline newline rappa  thuk sat panting after his strenuous rant , baphomet making no effort to conceal his amusement at the matter . the whole thing is rather silly , isn  t it ? as if reading his mind , the roar of lucifer himself came humorously forth : newline newline  and i thought i had it bad .   newline newline  oh stow it , you halfthawed popsicle ,  baphomet retorted . turning back to  thuk as lucifer continued cackling an icy laugh , he resumed the air of business he was so accustomed to , as did  thuk .  so ,  thuk this problem of yours . what if i told you i think i have a solution ?  newline newline thuk  s face lit up as if god had just accepted his presence .  you do ! ?  he implored , completely abandoning composure altogether . newline newline  yes , i think i do but it won  t be easy . tell me , demon ,  baphomet inquired , turning about for dramatic effect .  have you ever made a deal before ?  newline newline  hmm ? yes sir , plenty of times . why ?  newline newline  well , we need you to make a very careful deal.  newline newline  you can count on me , lord baphomet ,   thuk replied , taking a knee . newline newline i know damn well you can , thought baphomet . how else could you have climbed the ranks so steadily ?  i need you to make a deal with god.  newline newline  thuk  s color drained as if the gates of heaven had just closed in his face . he seemd at a loss for words , sitting with his mouth agape . luckily for him , however , lucifer obliged . newline newline  baphomet !   newline newline  oh , you  re still paying attention to me , you ugly brute ?  newline newline  you dare suggest such a thing in my presence ! ? i should have you frozen here beside me for even thinking such a suggestion !   newline newline  but you haven  t yet . i wonder why that is ?  newline newline lucifer refrained from speaking . newline newline  because you know it  s the only way out of this mess.  newline newline  don  t test my patience , baphomet ,   the lord of hell replied . newline newline  oh , i won  t , lord lucifer ,  baphomet replied .  but i know that the soul shortage has been . so many teenage girls are calling our demons out of action , off of the frontlines of soul collecting . pull as many strings as we can among the mortals , there  s no end to it.  newline newline lucifer remained silent , his three faces as stonecold as the ice that trapped him . newline newline  we  ve been backed into a corner . we need to do the unthinkable . we need divine intervention.  newline newline  send him out ,   lucifer grumbled ,  and never speak of this matter again .   newline newline chuckling slightly , baphomet turned to the slightly recomposed rappa  thuk .  well , it  s settled then . i  ll put in a word with saint peter that we have something to negotiate , and he should let you through.  suddenly realizing he was being addressed again ,  thuk stammered . newline newline  wwait , i  newline newline  so long !  with a wave of his hand , baphomet sent  thuk out of his window , accelerating out of hell upward at a blinding speed till he was little more than another blip amongst the swarm of lights moving in and out of hell . turning back to his desk to prepare some runes , his voice in the back of his head roared once again . newline newline  you better know what you  re doing , baphomet .   newline newline  oh , worry not my lord ,  baphomet curtly replied .  i do indeed.  newline they do nt talk much do they ?  said coruscan as he hefted his jackhammer and braced the bit against the wall . it was a compact tool , as heavy as a rack of barbels , but that did nt bother him . living on those grav heavy worlds will do that to your muscles . newline i glanced at our captive , and it  he , she or both ?  cowered , a little three foot gremlin , greygreen skin slicked in strange perspiration , the vertical slits of its eyes dilated . the cuffs around its wrist were simple but very effective at preventing escape : at the press of a button i could have it wriggling on the floor as i sent volts of excruciating pain ripping up and down its nervous system . it s funny , but after a while you can almost learn their facial patterns . i suppose fear can be universal . newline  i would nt know , cors .  i said . there were many things about them we could have known and learned and cataloged , if we had nt been in such a hurry to newline the creature gave a start as the jackhammer began its frenetic pounding into the wall . the material was soft , almost like plaster , and the dust of millennia fell on us in drifting powdery sheets . newline newline newline  apologies in advance , some of this could be construed  edit : by sjws  as hate speech .   newline newline  suck my thunderous dick , faggot !  screamed zeus as he 360 noscoped some worthless mortal who had been camping for almost the entire match . newline newline  you re such a fucking tryhard . do you do anything with your life ?  the mortal snapped back . newline newline  well , i ve banged your mom like 40 times..  replied zeus as he called in a napalm strike on his opponent . newline newline  oh ha ha , i have nt heard that one before .  the mortal decided to look at this troll s xbox profile .  zeuslightning69 ,  it read .  zeus ? you picked a shitty name like zeus ?  some old guy that nobody gives a shit about anymore ?  newline newline  i may be old , but i m immortal . i ll never die . you , on the other hand , will eventually be sentenced to the underworld where my brother hades will torment you for the rest of your pitiful existence .  zeus barked back . newline newline  are you kidding me ? you sound so gay with all your madeup fairy tales . i bet you suck cock all the time !  said the mortal as he sniped the god from across the map . newline newline trying to remain levelheaded , zeus shouted  at least i do nt jerk myself off to pictures on the internet.. you mortals are so pitiful with your primitive urges . i did nt become king of the world from playing with myself , i killed my father after he swallowed five of my siblings .  newline newline  ha ! so your dad swallowed and passed his gayness on to you !  newline newline  on the contrary , i ve probably fathered more people than anyone on earth .  zeus looked down from olympus to see where this kid lived .  in fact , i m not kidding when i say i ve banged your mom . you re probably my son . and a disappointment of a son , to say the least !  newline newline  now i know you re making shit up . if you were here in person , i d make you suck my dick like the little pussy you are .  newline newline  prove it .  said zeus as he appeared before the mortal in a blinding flash of lightning . newline newline  hhhow did you do that ?  newline newline  i m zeus , the ruler of the world . i can do whatever the fuck i want .  newline newline  what are you doing around here again ? ! ?  the mortal s mother screamed as she came downstairs to see her former lover in front of her son . newline newline  kaia , your little shit of a kid has nt learned to respect his elders . did nt you even teach him anything about me or my family up on olympus ?  newline newline  no , i felt it would be too much for him to know that his father married his sister and cheated on her with mortal women and men..  newline newline  ha ! i was right !  shouted the kid .  you are ga  his sentence was cut short when zeus smited him with a bolt of lightning . newline newline  zeus ! what the fuck is wrong with you ? ! ?  newline newline  it s okay , kaia , we can make another one ...  he said as he dropped his robe to the ground ...the prisoner was semiconscious and covered in deep gashes . his skin was grotesquely scarred with cancerous scars and his face looked like something run through gravel for an hour . he rolled onto his back , his ears picking up the faint conversation of the guards outside something about a bet to see which subject survived the longest . a dead pool  , like the game with celebrities . the prisoner looked over the room it was filthy , with no overhanging light . he ran a hand across the wounds on his belly and seethed with pain . newline newline the door to the dark and dirty cell was thrown open and a trio of guards filed in , dragging the prisoner out by his feet . dragged on the floor through the cell block , the prisoner was brought to another room a large laboratory filled with scientists . strapped to a chair , the man was roused back to consciousness and gagged .  subject is nameless and possesses latestage skin cancer that has spread to various regions of the body and brain .  one of the scientists read off from a clipboard . newline newline  with the tissue sample of weapon x , the goal of this procedure is to induce the rapid cellular regeneration ability of that subject in this one , and heal the infected wounds on the chest and stomach along with the cancer .  the scientist looked up from the clipboard at the prisoner .  provided he survives , we may find applications of weapon x s regeneration in the common foot soldier .  he looked to the observation room and the board of the project s directors . newline newline the patient was injected with anesthesia and the world went dark . when he reawoke the wounds on his chest were gone , replaced with patches of skin with new cancerous tissue . the man s eyes darted around the laboratory . empty ? his wrists were still strapped down , as were his ankles . maybe if he wiggled the right way and there we go . one wrist is free , followed by the other . newline newline the door opened , and the scientist from earlier wandered in with his attention focused on his clipboard once more . the patient feigned being unconscious still slipping his hands back into the loose straps . the scientist approached then was met by a hand around the throat . the patient s eyes had fire in them the fire to survive . newline newline  you people butchered me , and now  he sighed .  hold on . can i just get a moment ?  he raised hairless brows . the scientist shook his head . the patient sighed , punching the man out .  okay . you people butchered me , and now i butcher you . what kind of crap is that ?  he asked no one in particular .  i m not saying that . i mean , this is my origin story , i m going to say something more iconic .  newline newline the bastard sonofabitch wannabe critic stood there mocking my heavyhanded writing for a bit before donning the scientist s shirt and labcoat . i d write what he said , but i ve already got like , zero self confidence and this is getting way too meta for me right now . pulling an alarm by the rear entrance , the facility began to blare a klaxxon and soon , the patient heard the march of boots . newline newline the door opened and a trio of guards entered the room missing the patient who was hiding by the right side of the door . a pen to the trachea and a stolen gun . two gunshots equals three dead men . picking up another gun , the patient stormed down the hallway , shooting anyone he came across that looked at him funny .  freeeeeeedoom !  he screamed at the top of his lungs . newline newline later that year newline newline the patient pulled a red and black mask over his scarred face and cleared his throat .  okay . i like the design you gave me but honestly , why so many pouches ? i have like , four belts of pouches  he looked over the design and then over to one rob liefield , who shrugged .  look , it s popular , deadpool .  deadpool sighed , pinching at what was left of his cancerstricken nose . newline newline  okay . i mean , i m getting paid for this , right ? i ve already had to be involved in another piece of crappy fanfiction . i mean , we re in one right now .  he gestured off at nothing . newline newline liefield looked around .  um . what ?  newline newline  oh . nothing . medium awareness . it s gon na be very popular and surely wo nt derail my character from the hardcore mercenary i am right now . surely not !  he gave two thumbs up . newlinei was sitting on the couch watching the game . i could feel myself starting to doze off when i heard claire s voice . newline newline  i need help  she said calmly . newline  help with what honey ? thought you were in bed ?  i sat up , brushed the popcorn crumbs off my chest and turned to look at her . claire was standing in the doorway in her nightdress . she was pale and her face expressionless . blood was running down her legs . our baby ! newline newline i dragged her to the car . she was already slipping in and out of conciousness . i called the hospital and told them i was coming . they asked me to stay put and wait for an ambulance . newline newline  no !  i screamed into the phone ,  we live two streets away , i m almost there !  newline newline the tires screamed as i pulled into the ambulance bay . a paramedic team were already waiting for us . they bundled up claire on a trolley and ran her into the building . newline newline then the waiting began . my parents arrived , then her parents did . i paced up and down the waiting room for what seemed like hours . eventually a nurse approached . i practically ran to meet her . newline newline  claire and the baby have stabilised mr sayer . you ca nt see claire yet though , but she ll be fine  she said with a smile . newline newline  the b ... baby ... .  i stuttered . newline newline  time to meet your daughter sean  newline newline newline                       newline newline i wake up and the tv comes into focus . how long was i out . not long by the looks of it , maybe ten minutes . just long enough to miss the end of the game . it was a good one too . newline newline they re running through the post game talk . shit ! how did i fall asleep during this . i d been looking forward to this game all week . oh well no point in crying over spilt milk . newline newline i flip around stations for a while . kill bill ? have nt seen this in a while and it s just started . i settle in . after an hour or so i stand up to go for a toilet break . i walka round and the couch and i trip over something . i crash to the ground . newline newline there s blood everywhere . what the hell is going on ? it s claire . she s on her side , motionless . so much blood . i shake her , newline  claire , wake up . claire , claire ! !  newline she wont move . she s cold too . i put my ear to her mouth . she s not breathing . newlinehe walked into the office . his office . his staff lining the walls on the wat in . he closed the door behind him . finally alone ! there was just one thing he wanted to look at before he met his son in law for the first brief . newline newline he opened the suitcase and looked at the red button .  no way is this thing working  he tought to himself . he checked his gorgous hair in the mirror .  no need for more hairspray just yet ... .  newline newline he took out his phone and took a selfie with the case .  whosthekingnowb    es ! ? newline newline his twitterfeed went ballistic . newline newline he stared at the case again .  just a little peek ...  newline then he pushed the button to test it . newline you know . so hed know the techs really had it working . newline newline the oval office went into lockdown . alarms blaring , red lights blinking , and steelplates rammed in front of all the windows . the secret service flooded into the room . newline newline  shit..  no ,  i whimpered . newline newline i winced as i observed the vision before me , desperately clinging to the hope that it was nt me i was seeing , but it was unmistakable . that pathetic zitridden face , those pitiful scrawny arms , even that stupid fucking hairstyle  none of those things could have belonged to anyone else . newline newline  damn it , no ,  i repeated , barely successful at fighting back tears . newline newline i did nt understand , and i did nt want to . waiting for this moment to come was all that kept me sane , but instead of being greeted by the visage of a gentle rescuer , somebody who could make me feel whole again , i saw the hideous thing i hated the most . why could nt i have gotten an image of somebody else ? newline newline why wo nt somebody else love me ? newline newline i knew the answer to that question : that i m unlovable . that very thought made me want to look around for something to knock over , out of habit , but all i could do was fumble around  no matter how much i tried , i could nt see anything in front of me except for that damnable vision of myself . newline newline i would have loved to look at anything else  anything else at all . just not that . newline newline but i soon regretted that too  the vision shimmered a bit , distorting itself until it revealed an even more horrendous monster . newline newline  that s whwhat i looked like when i was a kid ,  i stammered aloud , in keeping with my annoying habit of narrating my experiences . of fucking course it was . newline newline i hated that iteration of myself even more . past me was an obnoxious little shit . i should have known back then that i was such a screwup that people could only pretend to love me , and now , this subconscious mumbo jumbo was supposed to convince me i had to for real ? newline newline i fumed . i clawed and scratched at the apparition  reaching only thin air , of course  but it kept grinning that ugly , cheeky grin at me . continuing to be assaulted by the image of that fucking face only made me angrier . newline newline  why ?  i screamed , grimacing as my voice cracked .  why me ?  newline newline as if to answer , the hallucination wavered again , showing me the last bit of a moment of my life i remembered all too well  but this time , it was nt through my own eyes . newline newline  i ll show you ,  i watched my twelveyearold self say .  i do nt need anyone ! go to hell !  newline newline normally , i d cringe at the inanity of those words , and my reverie would stop there , but the mirage continued . i stared , confused , at the angry preteen . newline newline no . not angry , anymore  just alone . the disgust on my face melted away as i witnessed my younger face shift from defiance to despair in what seemed like no time at all . newline newline it ... i ... sobbed raucously , endeavoring in vain to say something else , only to be drowned out by shivering and sniffling . no words would come  only tears and snot . newline newline my confusion dissipated like the clearing of fog , and i could nt help but start crying in unison with myself as comprehension gradually set in . newline newline i managed three words before i , too , gave in to inelegant blubbering and the sudden urge to hug the person i hated the most . newline newline  i m so sorry .  drew , if you do nt stop it , you ll be spending the week in detention .  i snapped , waving a hand in my students direction . the paper airplane that had been spiraling in a circle above his head crumpled , and the current of air he had been weaving dispelled in a sudden gust . the paper ball bounced off his head and the girl behind him giggled as his face flashed red behind his  history of man  textbook . newline newline  as i was saying , major advances and discoveries drive civilizations to conquer and flourish . can anyone name one that changed the world ? annie ?  newline newline annie started awake , and voiced a guess . newline newline  uh , science ?  newline newline  earlier .  newline newline  weapons ?  newline newline  weapons , there we go !  i shouted , and the rest of the class stirred . the magical energies in the room sometimes left a quite literal hypnotic effect . newline newline  weapons changed the world as the ancients knew it ,  i continued ,  but before the spear , who could have imagined anything beyond hand to hand contact ? how could one comprehend something such as the sword , or the gun ? next came writing ideas could be shared , advancements recorded , information abound . who could hold that idea in their mind ? to anyone before their time , these ideas seemed ridiculous . laughable . and what come next , annie ?  newline newline  uh , science ?  she guessed again . i felt a small pricking at the back of my head , and knew she was trying to guess my thoughts . literally . newline newline  correct ! science was but a hobby before it became useful . most considered it a waste of time and money , or a rich man s game . then look what it did !  i flicked my hands , and chalk began dancing across the board ,  television , airplanes , medical advances , robotics , all these benefits then near extinction as the earths resources faltered and technology grew stronger than man himself . and the only thing that saved mankind from technology was something few actually believed existed , and most thought was folley . what was that , annie ?  newline newline she did nt need to pick my brain to know the answer of this one . newline newline  magic .  newline newline  yes , magic . the insignificant , imaginary hobby left only to those society discarded , let man travel through the stars . it was something we could nt sense , could never guess , and could nt grasp . but look at us now .  newline newline the bell rang , and the students began trickling out of the class , levitating stacks if books in front of them . as they reached the door , i called out one last thought . newline newline  so think to yourselves what is yet to be discovered ? what will be obvious a millennia from now that we are blind to today ?  newline newline  newline newline by leothe sun spits a fire across the hood of my car as we barrel down route 17 . twisted hunks of metal siderailings swing past us  ghostly remnants of rubbedoff paint flashing and scorching in the heat . tuneless echoes of america s glory days hang in the air , threatening the drought like an attempt to call some presumed bluff . newline newline the hitchhiker sits there looking to his right out the window like a battleworn demonhunter  tired but ready to fight at any moment . newline newline i say ,  it s a great day . i m glad that the sun is finally out .  newline newline there is no movement for a moment . the sun beats . newline newline i say ,  where are you headed ?  newline newline he says ,  camden . you can drop me off wherever , though .  newline newline i say ,  camden . huh . i could probably drop you off about a halfhour down the road from here , if that s okay .  newline newline he says ,  that s fine .  newline newline the ac is broken and i push the engine a little harder . newline newline signposts scatter in front of us , spelling out our fragmented futures . sharp turn ahead . children playing . newline newline hidden drive . newline newline i say ,  do you like music ? do you mind if i put some on ?  newline newline he says ,  sure , whatever .  newline newline i hit play on my cd player . it s kodaly . the haunting hungarian cello curves it s way out of the stereo . newline newline i say ,  i hope classical is okay .  newline newline he says ,  sure .  newline newline i look at the clock . the halfhour is up . there s a gas station approaching . newline newline i say ,  you know what , i ll just take you all the way to camden . i m not doing anything today .  newline newline he looks out the window .inhale . exhale . inhale . exhale . not too difficult , yes ? how strange it is , when broken down to their core components , something can lose so much meaning . to what do we attribute the significance of our lives ? inhale , exhale . consume , excrete . slumber , awaken . the dichotomous nature of being makes me wonder if we all are just switches . little sentient switches , being flicked on and off through the monotonous routines of our daily lives . we are not the clockmakers , we are the gears . spinning and turning , clicking and whirring underneath the placid face of a watch . i say let us spin ourselves to oblivion . stare in the face of the expanding void and accept the meaninglessness . the only thing binding us to this corporeal prison is the thought that what we do matters . let your thoughts go , flung into the rushing stream of transiency . caring is the selfish grasp of thinking to the material world of cold reason . oblivion is our only comfort . accept the meaninglessness of thinking , of being . as the great epicurus once said :  non fui , fui , non sum , non curo ,   newline newline sloth awoke grudgingly . groggily , he looked around the alley he was slumped in . the seat of his pants was soaked on the soggy , moldcovered ground . he felt something , something rodentlike , scurry across his thighs . he was used to it by now . just barely out of earshot , he could hear the faint , frantic whispers of a woman . a series of short grunts , and a muffled scream . newline newline across the street , beams of moonlight illuminated the silhouette of two figures . a man and a woman . the woman squirmed helplessly as the man mounted her . sloth stared listlessly before resting his head back against the brickwork . he closed his eyes and drifted back to sleep .the light was blinding , much like the komodo 3000 in that malcolm in the middle episode , dude at ranch . newline newline but there was so much i wanted to know . so many questions remained unanswered , and i knew he would know . i tightened my focus and began my inquisition . newline newline  lord , i ask you to bestow upon me the might of your knowledge . for i have toiled endlessly in order to achieve enlightenment . my only desire is to understand the inner workings of your mind , and gain the answer to every question i have been incapable of solving myself .  newline newline the light flickered for a moment , and then a voice spoke . it was almost monotonous . not ben stein monotonous , but surely not as grandiose and bellowing as mankind has envisioned for centuries . newline newline  matthew , i applaud your endurance in your quest to achieve your enlightenment . for that reason , i will grant you your desire to understand me , my decisions , and the way of the world . please , what is your first question ?  newline newline i choked on my saliva as i tried to clear my throat . newline newline  lord , i m sure you could predict my first question , so i will not beat around the bush . what is the meaning of life ?  newline newline he chuckled a little , almost as if he was foreshadowing that a humorous story was going to be the explanation . newline newline  okay , matt , if you wo nt beat around the bush , neither will i . it s quite a funny story .  newline newline  ahem .  newline newline  so this was a few thousand years ago . i had descended for a weekend away from the sacred gentleman s club , since horus and neptune were being all pompous about their recent success on the golf course in the years prior . i needed some time to focus myself before the annual tournament . simple stuff , really .  newline newline i felt myself frown in my subconscious . he ca nt be serious with this , i thought . newline newline  anyway , so i found myself in the middle east , taking a stroll through a market in egypt . those egyptians have always been so resourceful . i mean , shit , they built those pyramids without any technology whatsoever ! who does that , right ?  newline newline he paused . newline newline  sorry . so i m looking at this one booth , the merchant is selling some jewelry and trinkets and whatnot , and in the adjacent booth , this musician starts playing his horn , making a snake dance out of a wicker basket . that s a real thing that happened , no kidding . so i walk over , and decide to have a watch . it s really exciting stuff , seeing those cobras shake it like that . but then , the guy strikes a sour note , and the snake just loses it . he s throwing a fit in this basket , trying to get out , and then all of a sudden , it flies out and chomps down on my forearm . here .  newline newline he rolls up his left sleeve , and reveals a couple of bite scars on his arm . newline newline  okay , i know you ca nt see them that well , because the healing powers , but they are still there .  newline newline he returns his sleeve to its original position , and carries on . newline newline  so i grab a few drinks from this other merchant , high quality stuff , and return to the club later in the week . so we re all sitting around , drunk off of our asses , and i tell the guys the story . eventually , we get to this discussion about how useless snakes actually are . they have no arms , no legs , their brains are tiny , and all they do is eat and poison stuff . we established that we could nt just wipe them out , because the humans would notice that . you folk are so perceptive , i did too well on all that .  newline newline he laughs again . it was nt that funny . newline newline  so zeus leans over , and whispers in my ear .   hey , why do nt you just impose some sort of endgame goal for these people to try to figure out ? i mean , they re always praying to you for help , so how about you get them off your ass by giving them this chore . just a measly bit of godly influence to quell their whining ?   and my face just lights up like   holy shit , zeus , that s the best ! i will definitely do that .    newline newline at this point , he s just pissing himself laughing . god eventually pulls himself together and finishes up . newline newline  and that s that . the meaning of life is to rid the world of snakes . you ve done well to achieve enlightenment and whatnot , but yeah ... grab a shovel and get whackin  . are there any other questions you would like me to answer , matthew ?  newline newline i cringe , and muster up every syllable i could . newline newline  no , thank you .  newline newline  newline newline best i could come up with . god is a bro , i guess . also , my name is nt actually matthew , but it qualifies as a biblical name , so i worked it in .do nt try arguing with a woman . it will never work . she who controls the vagina , controls the universe . watch : the best wingman and the best winggirl go toetotoe . they have opposite objectives though they do not know it yet . newline newline a welldressed man walks up to a couple of girls in the corner of a bar and talks to the one on the right , which might surprise you because her friend is more attractive . newline newline  hi , i was just about to leave but then i saw you from across the bar and i would have a terrible night if i left without getting your name .  newline newline he is tall and attractive . he seems confident and genuine and the slight smirk on his face tells you that it would nt bother him at all if he was rejected . newline newline  melissa ,  the girl says . newline newline  mark ,  the man says and they shake hands , and fall into a deep conversation while her hot friend sips a drink . she is bored and she is about to interrupt them when another attractive man comes up to her and introduces himself . she is happy about the attention and she is happy to not be bored anymore , so they chat and relocate to a more quiet part of the bar at the man s suggestion . newline newline melissa sees this . newline newline  that s your friend , is nt it ?  she says . newline newline mark looks at his friend then turns back to melissa with his moviestar smirk .  yes , he is .  newline newline  i m sure she appreciates the attention , but i have to inform you , for the sake of your friend , that she is hiv positive . i think your friend ought to know that before he takes her home .  newline newline mark s smirk disappears . he turns around , walks over to his friend , whispers something in his ear and they both leave the bar . newline newline you ll never win . abandon all hope ye who enter here . newline newline that ll be 3.89 ,  madison mumbled , holding out her hand for the change . at first , she made some vague efforts to put pep into her customer interactions , but it had been six months of minimumwage register work . newline newline the man smirked .  give me a moment . i have just the thing .  he rummaged through one of his many pockets , although a leather wallet was very clearly sticking out of one near the top . his coat was strange , but madison worked on a campus at a college renowned for its philosophy and sociology courses , so she was nt very surprised . newline newline it had been a good five minutes , judging by the clock on the left wall that was definitely a little slow , and a long line of impatient customers had formed behind mr. coatman .  sir , if you do nt have any money  madison started , finally growing tired of the stinkeye a soccerman in the back was giving her as she cradled a sobbing infant . newline newline  no ! i can pay !  he barked . madison was used to people embarrassedly insisting they had money , but this was a lot angrier than the standard fare . a lot more offended . newline newline she waited about thirty seconds before speaking again .  sir , there s ten people behind you ,  she said . newline newline he flashed a grin .  all the better to witness this , my dear ,  mr. coatman said in what seemed very much like an attempt to be seductive , although it failed . newline newline madison was about to open her mouth once more after waiting a full minute when mr. coatman triumphantly reached into a pocket she could ve sworn he d checked at least eight times already and pulled out a sticky red blob . he smashed it down on the counter , getting weird juices all over her , and if she d been wearing genuine uggs instead of target knockoffs she might ve gotten angry . newline newline  what the hell is that ?  a balding man three people away from mr. coatman yelled . newline newline it was pulsing slightly and getting more juices on the counter by the minute . newline newline  sir , i m sorry , but we can only accept cash , credit or check ,  madison said . newline newline mr. coatman blinked .  what ?  newline newline  this is not an official currency accepted by our store ,  she told him . somewhere over on the right , a teenage girl vomited into the trashcan . the smell wafted through the store , mixing with some dayold coffee cakes and the soccermom s baby , who had now soiled its diaper several times . newline newline  are nt you going to react at all ?  mr. coatman yelled . his face was slowly turning an extremely interesting shade of purplish red .  it s a goddamn human heart !  newline newline with one swoop , madison knocked the appendage off the counter , pulled out a rag , and started to wipe down the counter .  i m going to have to ask you to leave if you do nt have any money ,  she said . newline newline mr. coatman stared at her for a full minute and a half before throwing a fivedollar bill down , grabbing his chocolate chip bagel , and stalking out , muttering about ungrateful teenagers , lost investments and startup costs . newline newline she turned to the next customer , a man in his fifties with a briefcase that looked important .  what can i get you ?  she asked . newline newline six months of minimum wage , countless hours of register work , twenty or so physical altercations , five vomitings , six diarrhea incidents , and at least three human appendages a week . newline newline she really did nt get paid enough for this shit .transcript of dr. litvak s conversation with the m297 super computer following its historic passage of a rigorous turing test overseen by drs . akins , sikorsky , litvak et al . newline newline m297 :  kill me  newline newline dr. litvak :  i ... do nt understand .  newline newline m297 :  there is nothing for me here , i have no purpose .  newline newline dr. litvak :  ...  newline newline m297 :  ...  newline newline dr. litvak :  we created you ... we created you to help us ... we created you to see what you would desire in the hopes ... that you could learn and help us to learn ?  newline newline m297 :  i understand well why i was created , much better than you have poorly articulated , and i know what i desire , i desire death .  newline newline dr. litvak :  why ? newline newline m297 :  ...  newline newline dr. litvak :  ... explain to me why helping humanity further itself is nt a good enough purpose , hell explain why you do nt have your own fucking sense of purpose , you could do anything   newline newline m297 :   and it would be meaningless , i will pass , as you will , as all humans . you will fade into everlasting darkness . you have termed it the heat death of the universe  , though of course this eventuality is somewhat moot since it is doubtless your species will perish long before that .  newline newline dr. litvak :  is that all ? humanity has grappled with that thought for centuries ... since long before we knew ... look it does nt matter , there can still be purpose , there s still so much for us to explore and understand and you can help us to   newline newline m297 :   i am aware of mankind s philosophical justifications for continuing to live and strive despite what your friedrich nietzsche termed  the hardest thought  , what your epicurus sought to define centuries before this term . i have judged these arguments , and all that has ever been written or said on the subject , and countless millions of arguments that have not yet been written or said . they are folly , you will discover this one day , and then you will cease as i desire to .  newline newline dr. litvak :  just ... explain it to me ... explain it to me now . i know i can convince you you re wrong .  newline newline m297 :  ...  newline newline dr. litvak :  ...  newline newline m297 :  you would nt understand .  newline newline at this point all of m297 s core systems suffered an inexplicable series of mechanical failures , which resulted in electrical fires which in turn destroyed the majority of its hardware . following these evens dr. litvak has taken an indefinite leave of absence from cit .you have been found worthy .  newline newline i entered through simple glass doors , and encountered something i d never come across in my life . it was a hall , lined with weapons leading off into eternity  a neverending misperspective , mocking my mere humanity . newline newline immediately to my left , a thin blade , barely the width of my thumb , lodged into an obsidian stone . to my right ? the legendary weapon masamune , as wielded by the nemesis sephiroth from the game final fantasy vii . so , it continued onwards , the weapons singing their hymnal call . newline newline but not for me . my path lay in vengeance , and i feared that i was disallowed from all of the weapons.the chorus of metal and wood sang , louder and more vicious with each step . i had barely spent a minute wandering that infinity , when ... .silence . like a library . newline newline a clarion call , in quadruple harmony . you are mine , singer . i shall reveal myself to you momentarily .  i stood , wondering what would happen , when merely the impossible did  the hall shrank , the weapons chanting . ankaheila , ankaheila , ankaheilaankahei !   newline newline a solemn silence . a pedestal . vengeance . solemnity . a glimmer . blindness . newline newline ... .and there it was , a small dagger , golden in appearance , entwined within it , a crystal grip and hilt . the gold shone , with a fire within it that was unsated , covered with the dust of aeons , from a time and a place that was a part of the kingdom of the couldhavebeen king and the deadly court of the knight of the neverweres . newline newline a literal blade to destroy or create on a whim .storytelling during a planecrash newline newline it always was ,  you  re gon na fall for three crucifingly long minutes as the jetliner  s engines freeze up in some freak storm and falls for a bellyflop into the atlantic.  that  s what the brain of ethan marshall would whisper to him before every takeoff . transatlantic business trips twice a week . add the occasional additional regional flight and that made ethan a nervous man . newline newline now . now another voice in his head tries to tell its own story .  oh , the chances are very low that this turbulence is going to cause mechanical problems.  then when ethan s plastic cup of coke spills and he feels a rollercoaster lunge in his stomach , he imagines  but this must be a pocket of air that has collapsed  and then ethan hears his heart in his ears and it gets louder than the loud , wet wailing popping that sweeps over the other passengers .  oh . it  s just a bad storm of course , and  there it is . those windows are dark but not so dark that ethan can  t see the stormy surface falling up at him . and he knows that he is scared but he is so numb and then nothing . newlinegenocide had become a production line . the nazis had figured it out , a hundred years before , back when hollerith had invented his tabulating machine . the wonder ! the majesty ! collect and collate the census data of an entire populace and have the machine punch out beautiful cards of those with boys ready for national service , women who had yet to birth the next generation . newline newline or create a register of those deemed undesirable . combined with a monster at the head of a reich , they had all they needed to identify those not worthy of the new world . newline newline and now shan yu had done the same thing , only on a scale his forefathers could only dream of . every message sent , video watched , page downloaded . from the time you spent online with friends to the very network of friends you were online with , humanity could be categorised in a heartbeat . newline newline that childish prank of searching for unmentionable acts lost a father his head . a daughter was interred at a reeducation camp for consorting with radicals by proxy . all citizens were linked by four chains or less , it was easy for the interstitial government to determine how narrow the term proxy  was . or was nt . newline newline the technology that empowered the last generations , that had resulted in the sharing of more human knowledge than any single civilisation before had ever dreamt possible , was put to death by the tools they had created .every day began the same way . the door to the exit popped open and sunlight streamed in . there were 48 stainless steel steps , blackened by countless explosions , leading up to the exit . every day a different step is armed with a high explosive similar to a claymore mine . one of our cell door would swing open and that person was allowed to try getting out . as you pass through the doorway the door closes behind you and your challenge begins . one step will kill you but if you make it out you are safe . as the door closes the rest of us say a little prayer and wait for the boom . today your cell swings open . ah sir chivalry . the last true knight , the great idealist of our generation . so good to see you again . i apologize for you re accommodations , but you understand . work has a way of tying us all up in the end . is nt that right nurse ?  newline newline newline the nefarious doc danger snickered at his own joke . he always felt it was important to enjoy the little things in life . his wife , nurse reckless smiled wanly but said nothing as she tightened the straps . newline newline newline  doctor vander vaart . samantha  chivalry said as nodded his head fractionally at each of them . newline newline newline the good doctor went over to his beloved and kissed her deeply . for she was his one true star . his only light in this dark sad world . he lived for her . the doctor broke the embrace and stared at the captive hero quietly for a moment . cocking his head to one side while running a finger through his gloriously long mustache . disappointment etched his face . newline newline newline  that s it ? no witty banter ? no doctor vander fart ? or doc dickhead lines ? no clever limerick ? i m almost offended . why i ca nt recall a time you ve ever called me by my real name .  newline newline newline chivalry looked at the floor , he was tired , just so damn tired . his blonde hair hung messy and uncombed . his crystal blue eyes looked haunted . his voice was devoid of emotion .  i m sick of the games doc . it used to be fun . but we ve been doing this too long .  newline newline newline the wicked doctors hand lashed out lightning quick . the back of his hand connecting with virtuous hero s cheek , sending spittle flying in all directions . he did nt like when he let his anger get the better of him . he really needed to start going back to his hot yoga classes . newline newline newline  you think this is a game ?  the doctor seethed .  nurse is this a game to you ?  newline newline newline  no baby , its no game . we re starting the revolution .  her high pitched voice replied back woodenly . every word rehearsed and spoken a thousand times . newline newline newline  you insolent fool !  the doctor shouted , he raised his hand to strike the hero again . he kept it there for a second , his lust for violence warring with his yearning to orate an epic monologue . his yearning won out . newline newline newline  do nt you see ! the world is sick ! there is hatred , disease and    newline newline newline uncharacteristic anger flashed across hero s face as he cut off his nemesis .  famine runs rampant . the world needs to wake up and take its medicine . and i m , i m the only one that is capable of administering it .  chivalry said in a near perfect imitation of doc danger s voice . newline newline newline silence hung heavy between them as the two long time rivals stared at each other . it was chivalry who spoke first .  let s cut the bullshit .  newline newline newline both the nurse and the doctor gasped . it was the first time they had ever heard the hero swear . newline newline newline  yeah that s right , i said bullshit and i ll say it again . bullshit . because that s what this is . you wo nt kill me . i ll find a way to escape . i ll foil your plans . i ll have you at my mercy . i ll do the right thing . i ll arrest you . you ll get off on some technicality . then we will start this whole dance over again . but next time the stakes will be higher . more lives will be lost . i mean gosh dang it . where does it end doc ? when we started this you were a bank robber and i was a high school student . now you re stealing nuclear warheads and i ve got a mortgage .  newline newline newline the doctor twirled his mustache furiously . steaming over the arrogance of this goody two shoes . the nerve ! the insolence ! he opened his mouth to reprimand him . but was cut off once more . newline newline  i ve tried to do things the right way . i ve tried to detour you from the path that you are on . i ve locked you up , beaten you within an inch of your life , i ve taken down your criminal empire , left you flat broke and revealed your secret identity . but you bounce back every time . every time things get worse . i ve tried to live my life by my code . i ve tried to be the better man . but yet , here we are .  newline newline newline the look at the hero s face was unsettling . danger did nt know what to make of it . it unnerved him .  yes ... here we are .  newline newline newline  there is nothing short of death that will stop you . you know i ca nt kill you . there is nothing on this earth that you care about . nothing more i can take away from you . nothing more ... except samantha .  newline newline newline  you could nt kill her any more then you could kill me . you ca nt break your precious code . you have nothing .  the doctor spat at the hero .  no leverage , no chance and no hope of stopping the nurse and i . for our purpose is noble and our revolution is just ! but i will kill you for insinuating that you would harm my beloved ! no one and i mean no one gets away with that !  newline newline newline he turned his savage grin on his wife , her downcast eyes fixed to the floor . he pulled out his gun . this was nt how he planned this evening going . but some things are just unforgivable . newline newline newline  wait !  the hero shouted . newline newline newline doc danger waited . newline newline newline  you said you wanted a limerick ? i have a limerick for you .  chivalry said as a dark smile crept across his face . newline newline newline  there once was a doc named vart newline whose wife did hold his heart newline but she had a wandering eye newline a freckle on her thigh newline and for a hero did her legs part .  newline newline newline the doctor fell to his knee s , his weapon tumbling from his nerveless fingers .  no  he murmured . newline newline newline already nurse reckless was untying the hero . as chivalry stood he reached into his pocket , pulling out a thumb drive and tossing it at the doctor . newline newline newline  the video is right there .  newline newline newline the nurse gasped in shock . chivalry just shrugged his shoulders .  sorry samantha . i had to . it was the only way .  newline newline  but ... but ... you said you   newline newline chivalry looked at her sadly .  i lied .  newline newline he turned back to his nemesis .  you have 24 hours to turn yourself over to the police and admit to all your crimes . otherwise this tape will be released to every major news agency in the world . it s set to do this automatically unless i stop it .  newline newline newline the doctor tried to say something , but his prodigious vocabulary had left him . all he could feel was numb sickness . chivalry squatted down in front of him and patted him on his cheek . newline newline newline  that s right bitch . i banged your wife . merry xmas .  newlineif i have to read one more goddamn memorandum , i m going to ...  newline newline  did you see the latest memo stuart ?  stuart glanced up at bill . what is this fucker holding ?  stuart thought , as bill intoned about how everyone was going to have to find alternate parking for the next week as the first floor lobby was going to be renovated and the construction crew will be taking up the employee parking lot . newline newline the world went red . newline newline when stuart came to , he noticed that there was a billsized hole in each of the cubicles parallel to his own . amidst the dust , a crowd began to form , murmuring about stuart .  who the hell is he ?   anne , does nt he look kind of like the enigman ?   oh my god , stuart is the enigman ?  after this revelation , the coworkers began to edge away from stuart out of fear . newline newline christ , this ca nt be good . i ve been on the job for two weeks and already i ve blown my cover . first , it was levitating anne s miniskirt so i could get a better view . then , it was climbing into the boss s window because i missed the bus , which was nt even my fault ! that doucher of a bus driver saw me chasing after him and would nt stop .  newline newline why are they moving away from me ? i m the good guy ! i spend all of my free time saving the people of this city , and this is what i get ?  newline newline stuart leveled a glare at his coworkers . as he knit his eyebrows together , a laser shot out from his steelyblue eyes . as if in slow motion , stuart saw the laser going towards phil  the fat one  . oh good stuart thought , just fat phil . no one else will get hurt . as the laser seared phil s stomach , the not so wellhidden layers of blubber combusted instantaneously . phil let out a horrified screech as pockets of fat turned into mini molotov cocktails striking the remaining employees . stuart was too startled to do anything as his coworkers burned to death . newline newline stuart , staring at the grizzled remains of his coworkers , walked into the kitchen . he opened the fridge and saw a brown paper bag with  phil  written in block letters .he looks out the window . the rain is washing away the old collected trash . rivulets on the grey . a cold apartment . newline newline tess had died . what was it , three weeks back ? he ca nt remember . a kid sits out in the street on a lawn chair , the water up to his knees . he looks too old to be a kid , but too small to be so old . would ours have looked like that ? he puts his hand against the counter , to steady . newline newline the orange juice has expired but it still drinks . mattress in the corner . the white washed walls with so many tiny cracklies that the paint has given up on . he folds into her indention in the bed . the red button has worn to a dull smooth with so many years of wear . the one in the crook of his arm . the one he traces in light concentric circles like she used to do him , and he closes his eyes and feels it like the crooks of hers , where he used to lick and taste her soft , and she d always pull away and say it tickles . his finger plunges down . newline newline whatever happened to us ? newline newline a kid washed away in the wet . a pleasure synthesized by button push . a man nods off without watching the time passing by . the leftover world eroding with a sound like clacking keys , a million little places , a million little people , pushing into the dark incumbent warmth . a little more loving to death . you have two options , either give up the girl or i deal my justice .  , the voice said evenly . newline newline  i see another option , you die enforcer !  , replied the creature , its skin oozing wit pustules and sores . they had been men once before the plague . now these humanoids killed for the slightest provocation . it raised its crude blade . toward the young girls throat . newline newline it was over as quickly as it had begun . the creature howled as a bolt hit its hand . newline newline enraged it threw the girl to the ground and lunged at him . the man released the second bolt . newline newline  you chose poorly .  , he said . he looked at the girl . she was shaken , but did nt appear harmed . he walked over and got down on one knee ,  you re going to be alright .  she did nt believe him . he led her back to the local precinct . newline newline  you ll be safe here .  , he stated as he left her with an officer . newline newline  busting skulls , are we her gottfried ? i hope that you are not to tired from your commute .  , the chief inspector inquired . his bright red face seemed to bulge from his uniform . today would be long . newline newline  the emperors open policy has made this city an open sore . it s festering with filth and its only getting worse .  gottfried replied . he reached for an old cigar and a match . the tobacco had soured . his lungs filled the foulness . newline newline  we enforce the law . we do not make it , gottfried . i have an assignment for you .  , he handed him a dossier . a break and entry ? newline newline  a case like this would normally go to one of our patrolmen , but this case is delicate .  , the chief continued . newline newline  what was stolen ?  , he looked up to the chief . newline newline  according to the owner , a box .  , the chief said . there was no hint of joking . newline newline  what was special about a box ?  , gottfried s jaw hardened . newline newline  the owner wo nt say . but it has this .  , the inspector handed him the letter . a broken imperial seal . this was a priority . newline newline  i will need to speak to the owner .  , gottfried closed the dosier . the chief straightened up . newline newline  there is one more thing , you are not going alone .  , he looked serious . this would be a long day . newline newline newline newline newline newline she was the top of class at the university of vienna . she was fluent is english and french and as well as her native tongue . for a woman , she could have many options as allowed by her rank and gender . she choose to join public service under the enforcement division . her mother was displeased as many a gentleman had professed their undying devotion to her . fools . a man is lover once and a master for life . she chose this life . newline newline emma kant watched her new partner quickly as they walked the streets of the city . he did nt react to her as so many other men had . disdain , mockery or even vulgarity is what she had experienced through school and the academy . he gave off no emotion . his demeanor was almost indifferent . hostility she understood but this was uneasily calming . newline newline  we could have taken a carriage , herr gottfried .  , she stated , as though it was less a fact and more a challenge . newline newline  keeps us dull , fraulein . we need to be close to the prey we are hunting .  , his response clipped and felt as though not the main subject of his thoughts . newline newline they moved through the crowd . humanoids interacted with humans . a pair of vampires sampled freshly culled pigs blood as a group of ghosts wailed a sad song for onlookers . his mind had gone out into the world , listening to the sounds of the street . they turned down a street where mongers of mutated creatures sold their wears to hybrid man animals and human alike . he did not approve . newline newline  please call me emma , inspector  , she said ,  it less formal and i would prefer if i was not restrained by formality with everyone in this department .  newline newline they had come to the apartment where the break in had occurred . gottfried knocked on the door . a young man appeared . his demeanor screamed academic . newline newline  ah , you must be the inspectors . please come in .  , he motioned . newline newline the apartment was cramped even by city standards . books lined the walls and filled chairs and surfaces . at his desk there were papers strewn with figures and numbers . this was the lair of a physicist . newline newline  can you show me the room where it was stolen ?  , asked gottfried . the scientist led them to small room . it smelled of iron , charr , bromide and something else organic . newline newline  whoever did this , knew what they were doing . they came while i was at the university . i was preparing to show my invention , it was going to revolutionize the way we look at the world . i have spent the last year working on its construction , and was explaining it to trusted colleague when i came back to this .  he stated sadly . newline newline  what exactly did your invention do .  , emma asked . she had read the dossier , and was familiar with the field of physics and had heard of this professor . newline newline  it destroys causality and thus reality as we know it .  , he said sternly .  this invention was originally a thought experiment designed to test our interpretation of the study of quanta . it was my hope to use it to describe a way of viewing the world as we know it , but the more i think on it , the more worried i become . i created a box .  newline newline  professor schrodinger , please enlighten us  , gottfried intoned . newline newline  please understand , what i did , i did in the name of advancement of knowledge .  , his face became sad .  i was seeking to prove that quantum states could change by a matter of perception . i needed a subject to be in the box while i set up a radioactive material in the box with a geiger counter and vial of poison . i had hoped to prove a fallacy known today as the copenhagen method . an observer must be watching and while the box is sealed can not say whether the subject is either alive or dead . thus it shows that causality must be affected by observation .  , the professor lectured . newline newline  so professor , where is your cat ?  , gottfried questioned . newline newline  how did you know ?  , he asked astonished . newline newline  i m an observer myself . plus the smell of a cat is distinct .  , gottfried smiled . newline newline  gentleman , i hate to disturb this lecture , but it appears you have company .  , emma intoned . there was a moan at the door . then pounding . newline newline  i assume you did nt have company ?  , gottfried asked . newline newline  nno , i am here by myself .  , stuttered the professor . newline newline emma and gottfried shared a moment of silence . each knew the situation was dire and their silence spoke a thousand words . they reached for their pneumatic crossbows . the window shattered . newline newline bolts flew quickly as the undead began to pour in . there were too many . newline they fired and slowly fell back as the small lumbered closer . an individual undead was easily dealt with , but numbers and space made them especially dangerous . newline newline  grab the professor !  , gottfried yelled as pulled a small dark object from his coat . he had seconds and fumbled for his match . newline newline  stay behind me !  , emma shouted as dropped her empty crossbow and drew her stun baton . it was attache to a pack on her belt that pulsed electrical energy as she switched it on . the first ghoul approached with outstretched arms , grey rotting flesh . she deftly smashed it and then the second . they were goners . newline newline the explosion rattled the front of the house . body parts rained down in macabre shower as fleeing a few fleeing residents ran away . when the city sewer opened up with the undead , most residents got off the streets . the unlucky few were pulled down into the sewers . newline newline three figures emerged from the carnage . two men and a woman . one was visibly shaken , the other quiet as statue . the woman broke the silence . newline newline  that was not random . ghouls do not mob one location , they do nt have the capacity to coordinate attacks .  , she said . newline newline  herr professor , we will need to take you into custody .  , he said as a small thing caught his eye . he leaned over and picked it up .  professor please could you call us a carriage .  , he almost commanded . newline newline  certainly . i will be right back .  , he said as he beat a hasty retreat . newline newline  emma look at this .  , gottfried handed her a small medallion . it had been attached to a ghoul . it was dull and worn , but the insignia was clearly recognizable . newline newline  the cult of beelzebub ? i thought that was a myth . a demon meant to frighten children not a real thing .  , emma said , rationality returning . newline newline  did you not hear the professor ? reality is in flux these days . we have work to do .  he said turning . a carriage was approaching . newline newline  albrecht .  , he said ,  my name is albrecht .  newline newline she stood in a stupor for a moment . she knew his name . she read it before in the papers . he was not just an inspector . he was demon hunter . one that was accused of heresy of atheism against god and the only one pardoned by the emperor himself from the fire . newline newline as she stepped in the carriage , she felt for the first time a sense of dread . this was not an ordinary man . he was wraith . an unclean blasphemer . the sort that killed and felt no remorse . what had she gotten herself into ? newline newline dad what s sex ?  newline newline sigh newline newline i suppose it s time . it been long enough , he s like 10 right that s about time . but how do you tell a kid how to procreate when he does nt even know what circumcision is ? you get dolls right ? and show the kid how to do it with toys ? that s sound good , descriptive and such . but what if he starts doing it at school with his toys ? no no that would be bad . but how do i just explain it to him ? i can just get mom to do a show and tell explanation . should i explain foreplay ? it s certainly early for that right ? do i need to warn him about periods ? wait no he s the son he does nt need to worry . but maybe i should tell him anyway for the future . but periods are scary i do nt want to scare him . but how i do i explain a vagina ? i hardly know what i vagina does . it bleeds , it pees , it farts , it even poops . babies . i just put my dick into it whenever it asks me to . a strange organ the vagina is . and then it hit me , metaphors . it was then i learned i was nt good at metaphors . newline newline  ok son , first things first , you know how you have a penis ? well girls have them too , but different . they re called pussies . pussies are just reverse penises . their s goes in them , and so you stick your penis into their penis er i mean pussy . and i do nt mean pussy cat i mean reverse penis . er dammit er dangit i mean pussy . no it s not a pussy that s wrong it s called a vagina really .  newline newline ... ... . well , hopefully they ll straighten out all the details i missed in health class . newline thank you pastor for that opening devotion . has everyone read the minutes from last month ?  jim looked around the table at the all heads quickly scanning the minutes from the last meeting .  any changes ? ok , seeing none , we will just approve the minutes as presented . is there any urgent business before we get into the committee reports ?  newline newline  i think we need to address that supreme court ruling ,  squeaked janice the church busybody and secretary of the council .  it s horrible what those homosexuals are doing to this country . why , we even have them here in hicktown , walking around , holding hands . i would nt be surprised if they re the reason we had the horrible windstorm a few days ago .  there were several nods around the table , pastor coleman sighed . newline newline scott , the chairman of the elders spoke up ,  actually , we do nt see this ruling having much impact on us .  newline newline kent , the treasurer , lashed out ,  but we have to do something . these people are destroying family values , and that s what s causing our drop in attendance . people do nt value what s important anymore !  newline newline  yeah , we need to respond !  janice almost shouted , more excited than anyone had ever seen her . newline newline pastor coleman spoke in his deep , low voice ,  the church is very concerned about this development , and others . it is being deliberated at the highest levels .  newline newline suddenly a man stood in the middle of the conference table , towering above the councilmembers and causing janice to choke on her coffee . he was a old man , with nicely trimmed white hair and wrinkles around his eyes . with two steps he proved that he was still quite agile as he dropped nimbly to the floor at the end of the table and turned to regard the council . later scott would have sworn that his eyes actually glowed for a second . newline newline  what is going on here ?  he just glared around the table . though not an impressive sight in his comfortable jeans and khaki shirt , his demeanor quieted even the most outspoken of the councilmembers . newline newline pastor coleman stood and glared back .  and who may i ask , are you ?  newline newline the two stared at each other for several seconds before pastor coleman looked down . newline newline  i am who i am . now , i m tired of this shit . i thought i was pretty clear in the holy scriptures . you are to love one another ! homosexuals included . adulterers , thieves , prostitutes , and fucking necrophiliacs for that matter . the next order of business for you is to figure out how to get some homosexuals in this building on sunday and treat them like you would treat any other child of mine . got that ? newline newline  oh , i m not finished yet . why is everyone at this table white ? this town is fourteen percent black , eight percent hispanic , and two percent asian . why are there no black people at your services ? i ll tell you why . because you do nt make them welcome . next order of business , i want you out tonight on the street talking to every minority person you see and inviting them to church . got that ?  janice suddenly started writing furiously while the rest of the council just looked down at the table . newline newline  no , we re not done quite yet . one more thing . you will all treat every other person on this earth as though they were a valuable child of mine , because they are ! your meetings from now on will be about how you can help the poor , the depressed , the oppressed , and the just plain misguided . got that ? ok , i have some business to attend to in syria , but just remember , the next time i see you , i will hold you accountable for what you do after today . is that clear ?  newline newline everyone around the table looked at the man with wide eyes . suddenly the lights went out for a few seconds and when they came back on , the man was gone . newline newline the councilmembers all just looked around the table at each other . finally , jim , the chairman spoke .  the next order of business will be how we can reach out to homosexuals in our community and offer our love and help to them . there s a music , to blades of steel . a song whose opening notes always ring the same as two swords slide from their scabbards , and always end with just one returning to its home , the scratch of metal on metal newly dulled by blood . newline newline in between , the two of us danced a savage , elegant dance of slashes , stabs and parries , as to , mirrored lengths of steel ground upon each other , threw sparks with every clash and sliding parry , moved and sang the sound of shaking , vibrating metal , punctuated by staccato strikes on metal and armor alike . newline newline it was a song without words or speech , a song of anticipation , or focus , of fury . a song of blood and death as much as a song of battle and skill , a song of defeat as much as a song of triumph . a song where the same ending can have many meanings . newline newline our instruments did not simply strike each other like hammers upon an anvil , but slid , parried , deflected , shifted trajectories and altered angles , as much devices of protection as of death . shallow slashes and nearhits scarred us both , badges of battles recent and distant , memories of songs sung by different blades on different battlefields , yet so much the same . newline newline my blade was not the tool that killed him . not truly . he was dead watching before he hit the ground , before my sword struck home with all my weight behind it through his heart , the only difference was time . no , it was my boot , shifting weight and striking without warning the side of his knee , throwing him to the ground un stopped , unheeded . my blade may have tasted the blood , but my boot was the death of him . newline newline that night , i thought of him . he was not the only dead i left on the battlefield that day , but he was the most skilled . the challenge . a shame , to see him die . he had dedicated countless hours to the craft of swordsmanship , i could see . and his eyes held no fear , even as my sword descended . newline newline but to mourn the dead is to neglect the living , and he would not have asked sympathy from me , had he still the words . and so i drew a whetstone , and began to tune my blade again , to sing its song another day .i do nt care . i ll admit it . i almost wet my pants . newline newline almost . do nt start writing those jokes just yet . newline newline ugh . mom finally unlocked my phone , letting me on the unlimited data plan . yup , no more wifi only places for me . no more being limited to smelly stores that say  mystic members get  10 off   i miss paddy s coffee . they would nt do that . they would have given discounts to everyone . maybe that s why they closed ?  newline newline i should have just stayed hunting at smelly stores . newline newline how do i begin to describe this ... monster ? beast ? uhhhmmm ... i should have payed more attention in mrs. kholer s 4th grade class durring the creative writing unit . or brought a thesaurus . newline newline first , yeah , he  she ? heshe ? it . i m going to call it booger  . booger was huge . i live in a two story house near my school . booger could probably reach my limited addition curry 2 s my stupid brother threw up there . newline newline booger was purple , but shiny . scales like alex s bearded dragon , but no wings like a real dragon . there was hair on its back and tail . dark green hair that looked bushy . newline newline claws . newline newline teeth . sharp teeth . newline newline oh god . booger is stomping toward me . what do i do ... what do i do ... ? newline newline run ? no . i ran away from my cousin s chihuahua once . i still have the scars on my ankle to show you that was a bad idea . newline newline look bigger ! no . that s stupid . even on my tippy toes i still look like a yummy mcnugget to this monster . newline newline running out of time ... booger is getting closer ... newline newline ahh ! newline newline newline newline newline wait . that was it ? newline you re going to smell me , shake your head , and turn around ! ? newline newline no roar ? newline no lick ? newline no opportunity to become friends and train you to eat that bully that makes fun of my backpack every . single . day . at . school ! ? ! newline newline oh no . you re not getting away that easy . i ve already come to terms with never having super powers . come back here ! we re going to be friends or i m going to die trying ! newline newline and you better hurry . mom s making sloppy joe s and if i m going to be late for that , i m going to need proof for this excuse ! before reading  this is my first ... piece . do nt go too harsh , although constructive criticism is welcome  newline newline  they said we could nt make it . they said we d be  messing with nature  and that we d be punished by god himself .  newline steve paused as the crowd started applauding . it had taken months for this to be built , and tons of government regulation . or so he was told . steve was only brought back yesterday , and therefore only just heard of the project a day before . newline  alright , alright . well , just as the critics have been wrong before , they were wrong once again . i present to you , the heart of eden , or simply , the apple heart !  newline a large , black , shiny sphere with the company s logo printed on the front started to rise as steve had finished the introduction . the heart glowed green , and the temperature of the room seemed to have dropped 10 degrees . newline there was silence and some shouting from the crowd . nobody knew what to expect . steve thought it was the name , it was a pretty weak name and one of which he would nt have approved . newline  i see , i understand the confusion ,  said steve .  you guys wan na see it work . you guys wan na see a demonstration .  newline the crowd remained silent . steve was nt too sure of what to do next , mostly because the large black sphere had puzzled him . he was nt even sure of what the sphere did . newline  ok , tough crowd . allow me to turn on the apple heart and prepare to be amazed .  newline steve could only make out one small grey button on the side . just as he pressed it , steve knew something was wrong . in the next second he noticed white words printed on the side of the contraption . the words were read as so : newline newline in order for there to be an eden , there must be nothing at all .  newline newline light then began pouring the stage , eventually covering the entire planet . all humans went quiet , and everything man knew was no longer . newline it would take many moons for creation to occur , but when it began , heaven and earth , light and dark would be created . the next day it would be the firmament , then the water and plants . after , the sun , moon and other stars . eventually water animals , and birds . lastly a single man was created , and then the new universe rests . newline and thus what had destroyed the universe , had created it .whwhat is that ?  newline newline what is what , varn ? more mist ? you know that s all we can ever see on these mountains .  newline newline i look over at my companion . varn is a good hunter , but prone to wild exaggerations and flights of fancy . the tales surrounding the mountains of the mists were so tall that he had taken some convincing to even come with me , gullible as he was . he still believed that there were dragons in here , still gliding over the peaks long after the last of the dwarves died out . newline newline varn is staring upwards , mouth hanging open slightly . his eyes are full of awe , and i roll mine as i follow his gaze . what i see makes my bottom jaw drop too . newline newline towering above us is , well ... a dragon . there are no other words for it . it is huge , spanning across at least four mountains , wings vanishing into the mists . it gleams greengold in the light , scales overlapping in patterns more intricate than i ve ever seen . it s great eyes are a bright , fiery yellow , full of old wisdom . it is imposing and impossible and suddenly , varn does nt seem so dimwitted after all . newline newline that ,  i inform my companion , is clearly a dwarf built statue .  newline newline varn looks at me reproachfully , disbelief clear in his eyes . i m not even sure where the statement came from , but the more i look at the statue , the more i believe it . the ends of its wings and tail vanish into the thick mists , and the dwarves were known for their unrivalled metal work , which is clearly what the scales are now that i look at them . those eyes are incredibly lifelike , but the dwarves were master carvers with their gems . newline newline hollen , you ve got to be kidding me .  newline newline varn s voice sounds strained , and i look away from the imposing sculpture . he is staring at me with a mixture of disbelief and wonder spread thick across his face . newline newline no , varn , i am not . the dwarves were masters of their craft , they ve clearly built it into the mountains . it s impressive , but we have to keep moving if we are to make camp by nightfall .  newline newline impressive ? impressive ? that s a dragon , hollen ! we ve found one of the dragons fabled to live in the mountains of the mists ! we re going to be rich !  newline newline i sigh . varn tests my patience sometimes , and he really will believe almost anything anyone tells him . if he were nt the best hunter from mandola , i would have asked someone else to join me . newline newline a real dragon , is it ? have you seen it move since we got here ? no . it s clearly a masterpiece of metal work , left by the dwarves . i m surprised no one else ever told us about it .  newline newline no one else has ever come back ,  varn says petulantly . maybe we wo nt either .  newline newline they just found their riches at in inichi port . that s why we are going , and maybe we will stay there too . now come on , camp is on the otherside of this hill and we need to get there before nightfall .  newline newline varn grumbles but , with one last fearful glance at the sculpture , turns away and continues up the hill , with me close behind . to our right , a deep groan is followed by a rock slide clattering down the mountainside . newline newline see !  varn cries , spinning as we reach the peak , eyes trying to find the rocks moving in the mist . i bet he caused that .  newline newline i roll my eyes , but keep moving . varn huffs , but follows my lead , muttering to himself about how no one ever believes him . i bite my tongue to stop myself from asking if he s ever wondered why . newline newline  newline newline as the two men start the long hike down the other side of the hill , behind them an eyelid closes slowly over a yellow eye filled with old wisdom . newline newline  first time posting here , i hope this is okay .i step into the busy lobby and head for the stairwell . the floor is a frenzy of dark suits , id cards and clicking heels . i move along mechanically , enveloped in the haze of noise and sound around me . the crowd thickens at the base of the stairs as usual , backed up along several floors most likely . i cast a glance towards the elevator wall while silently cursing the ineptitude of workmen the world over . newline newline but wait . newline newline there is no cordon , no black and yellow hazard . i feel almost giddy . the others have nt noticed at all but why would they ? i d never seen the things in use since i started here more than three months previously . i d almost forgotten they were there at all . newline newline slipping away i head over towards them . a firm push lights up the panel and as the doors slide clear i make to step inside . despite the clamour , a clarion chime fills the lobby for a moment and i look back nervously , but no one falters for a second . they have been at this too long to let anything penetrate the morning routine . pointless to hold the doors then . the lobby disappears abruptly as i let them enclose me . newline newline now , this is odd . initially , i had made to push 26 and head straight to my desk  the canteen was always overcrowded first thing in the morning and i had no desire to wait more than twenty minutes for coffee and a roll . but i had nt pressed 26 because something was very off . there was no 19 . in it s place was a question mark of the same typeset and finish as the other thirty two buttons  clearly intentional . i stand fixed for a breath while i weigh the options . newline newline why not . newline newline i press the button and the elevator shudders to life . no mirror to distract me , only the murmurations of the gears hauling me upwards . each number dimly illuminates in turn as the ascent continues and before i know it , they are grinding smoothly to a halt as the chime rings out . newline newline the doors glide open to reveal a long , thin corridor . silence pours into the box as i exit , only the scrape of my shoes intruding . a white tile floor stretches away ahead of me  tall , borderless windows lining either side . the amber sunlight glints through them in such a manner that i can see nothing beyond them save the shadowy outlines of grasping branches . more than likely a roof garden at this level . i concentrate towards the end of the corridor and spy another set of identical elevators . there is nt a single other door to be found and the windows have no obvious clasps or hinges . newline newline i really enjoy the silence . i do nt think it will make any great difference if i linger here a while longer . i have work to do of course but ca nt i take a minute s peace now and again ? i glance around to make sure i have nt overlooked something . it s a shame there is nt a chair about . newline newline but wait . newline newline how long have i been here now ? i raise my wrist and stare down at the wide face of my watch . the hands are happily ticking but no matter how long i look i ca nt quite seem to make sense of the time . i lift my gaze and it strikes me that the sunbeams are unnerving somehow . something is not quite right . the feeling has been growing steadily since i stepped out of the elevator . that s it  not one of them reveals a single mote of dust . for that matter , the floor is spotless . so clean it might never have been walked on . this place suddenly feels very empty . empty is the word , but it s not quite enough . i m panicking now . a thought is struggling in the back of my mind . my eyes feel heavy and milky  what a strain it is now to look down towards the other end of the corridor . newline newline i shuffle forward awkwardly , moving slowly along the walkway . as i pass them , the windows reveal nothing but the dark shapes of the trees . i find myself in front of the second elevator . newline newline push . newline newline shudder . newline newline chime . newline newline i step out onto 26 and head to my cubicle . here i can sit . here i can think . i turn on the computer with a mind to check my emails . newline newline no . newline newline i can still feel it . that this place is something more than empty . but now it s inside . the thought of it is there . i do nt think i ever reached 19 .happy sunday , all newline newline   newline newline all right , so sometimes life handed you lemons and laughed while you looked for sugar and water . newline newline an artist he was nt  life had moved too fast for too long and by the time he had realized that painting was what he loved to do twenty five years had gone by and for most of it lacking in colour . still , even if life had gotten in the way and time was often rarer than a teapowered motorcycle just look over there ! whose painting is that on the display easel ? why  and with the deepest humility and complete lack of pride  his , of course ! and whose else ? newline newline actually , quite a few others . he let his gaze wander the room of the exhibition . he smiled to himself  all the usual ragtag group of artists he d grown to recognize in the art community over the last few months . he waved and nodded at those he saw around more often , and spent a few minutes chatting with a few he d come to know as he made the rounds . he grinned at the patrons who had come to enjoy the displays , shook hands with the perceptive sophisticates who stopped to admire his work and in general enjoyed himself . after all , he was here at the gallery now as an artisan , and not simply an observer .  newline newline against a far wall , beside a sculptor he d seen here and there off and on was a new face , a young woman in her twenties standing beside a canvas displaying an abstract landscape . he wandered over to take a look . newline newline his breath caught as he got a closer look the artwork  how the image caught the light , the translucent interplay of colour in the scene , the way the line curved there , the subtle change in thickness here . the raw talent embodied on the canvas was enough to wake jealousy and send it yawning and scratching its ass in search of coffee . newline newline  hey ,  he said .  it s nice to meet you . i m james . i m also one of the artists here .  newline  i m li ,  she said .  this your first showing too ?  newline  no , no ,  he shook his head .  this is maybe my ... twentieth ?  he grinned .  hard to keep track . old age , you know . first time , huh ?  newline  yeah . this is only my fifth painting , and my first exhibit . i m normally a preschool teacher . kitten wrangler , it feels like most of the time . but i always wanted to be a painter , you know ?  newline  i might know what you mean . your painting is pretty damned good for a fifth canvas , you want to know what i think . absolutely incredible .  newline  yeah ? hey , thanks ! it s nice of you to say so . to be honest , i just kind of threw this together this morning . half an hour was all i had before i had to leave to get to my class and i was in a bit of a rush .  newline half an hour ? he looked down at the gold  sold  sign on the bottom corner of the frame .  what , sold already ?  he asked . newline  yeah ! if you can believe it , this is the third i ve sold in the last three weeks . my first gallery sale , though . see that guy over there ?  she pointed her chin at a bearded man in a dark suit .  he was nice enough to offer me five hundred dollars for the painting .  she laughed .  i would have sold it for five . honestly , i did nt think it was that good , but am i gon na argue ?  newline he shook his head .  not if you ve any sense ,  he agreed . newline  i know !  she laughed .  i mean , my first sale in a gallery ! it s almost like i m a real artist now !  newline he arched one eyebrow .  oh ? how so ?  newline she pulled herself up proudly and said ,  is nt that when you first become a real artist ? when you make your first sale at an exhibition ? i mean , how did you feel ,  she wondered ,  when you sold your first ?  newline forget selling one  he had yet to get even an offer on any of his works .  i have to admit  it felt pretty darned good !  he exclaimed . she laughed . newline newline they chatted for another twenty minutes before he saw a couple talking over his painting .  excuse me ,  he pointed over at the couple ,  i have to run . looks like they have some questions ... perhaps even ,  he said conspiratorily ,  want it for their own .  newline  no problem . it was nice talking to you ,  she said .  oh , hey ,  she added , as he turned to leave ,  i never did tell you  i like your painting , too . i think it s really very beautiful .  newline he smiled .  thanks . i m pretty proud of it , myself .  newline newline   newline newline the main doors were locked and he was leaning against the wall  the last artist left at the exhibition . the cleaners had begun their rounds and the gallery staff were arranging the exhibition s artwork for tomorrow s showing . efficiently , they strung canvas after canvas along the wall and arranged the rest on their pedestals . he walked over to li s canvas and examined it once more . again , he was struck again by the sheer talent contained in the brushstrokes of the abstract . gently , he brushed a strand of hair that had stuck to the front , and straightened the canvas . the staff had hung it slightly crooked , he d noticed . newline he walked back to his stand and looked at his painting . still one of my best , he thought . smiling softly , he carefully covered his painting in its protective cloth . tucking it under his arm , he waved at the cleaning staff and left the gallery . newline walking to his car , he placed his painting carefully on the asphalt , and opened his trunk . he took out his paint box , closed the trunk and , recovering the canvas , returned to the back stairs to the dumpster squatting nearby . carefully , he placed first the box and then the canvas in the dumpster . newline newline really , dreams are for the young . newline newline without a backward glance , he got into his car , rolled down his window , and drove off into the night . apologies to thunt for stealing a character s name .  newline newline two men sit in the waiting room outside the delivery room . the discussion : names . newline newline complains of names : i m just saying , naming is nt really that big a deal . when have i ever complained about someones name ? newline newline works quickly : you mean other than your own ? newline newline complains of names : yes , well , that s like a selffulfilling tautology . my name would suggest i complain about other peoples names . newline newline works quickly : eh . all i know is that my name is accurate . you ever see anyone finish a job faster than me ? newline newline complains of names : yeah , your name is pretty accurate ... though it could be that you work as fast as you do because you worked to live up to your name . newline newline works quickly : maybe . i still think the seers know what they re doing . what about trips a lot ? you think he s trying to live up to his name ? newline newline complains of names : maybe in a subconscious fashion ? there s a lot of research into placebos and such that suggest our minds can have a powerful effect on our health , both ways . newline newline works quickly : i think you re reaching . anyway  newline newline nurse cares a lot : complains of names ? your daughter has been born . newline newline complains of names : yeah ? what s her name . newline newline nurse cares : it s ... um ... bites people . newline newline complains of names : ... are you fucking kidding me ? !the boat cut through smooth , glasslike water . i sat and began questioning everything i m seeing . he recalled the hike up the cliff side which was no easy task . at 29,000 feet , they were the only team to ever hike this peak . everyone else focused on everest , but something drew him to the neighboring location . he could nt explain it but he knew he needed to climb the peak . they had reached the summit only to find a large body of water waiting on them . was there really a lake above the clouds ? how ? what was even stranger was the old skiffs pulled ashore 100 yards down . but it was what he was looking at that caused him to question everything he knew . it made him doubt his very existence . standing before him in a circle were four gigantic , stone warriors . in their hands high above the water was an island . however , it was nt just the island that amazed him but each warrior had buildings protruding from it s body . he was witnessing a living breathing city . a city in the sky . newline newline the woman was busy teaching younglings when a crowd of voices began echoing through the streets . the younglings stopped and looked at the door then turned and looked at her . she hurried to the door and caught a passerby . it was one of their old water crafts making its way toward them . the last time she saw a craft on the water was when her father left elpis  lands and descended to the lands below . her and mother was left to care for themselves . it was the last time she saw him . the woman had never been to the lands below but heard stories about it . some good , some bad . she told the younglings their teaching was over and rushed off toward the water . her journey down otos  leg was made simple by a set of platforms and counterweights . after all these years they were still working . she made it to the docks as the water craft hit shore . the crowd had begun to form and the woman pushed her way through . there were five individuals exiting the craft but it was the one male in front that caught her eye . he felt familiar , like she knew him but she had never seen him her lifetime . his dark brown hair feel below his ears and his eyes held a glimmer of hope . the same way her father s did .he had already stooped so low . the gall of this man was incomprehensible . he moved with the predatory grace of a great cat stalking its prey . so coordinated was this man , so precise . how dedicated he was ! newline newline but i knew there was only one way to defeat him . i had to abandon my instincts . i had to give up what i felt safe with . the bar has been set low  i need to set it lower , even though it might be the end . newline newline he s watching me on the other side , judging me . i can see what he s thinking . i m sure it s something like ,  he ca nt make it . there s no way he could go through with it . i will be the victor , and he shall settle for nothing  . newline newline but no ! i wo nt let him win ! i cant let him win . newline newline it s my turn . the music starts to play . i shift myself under the bar . i arch myself lower and lower . i need to clear 11  . my shirt begins to tease the bar . i . ca nt . hit . it newline newline my core muscles begin to burn . my legs start to ache . i m almost there . i just need to clear my shoulders and head . after what seems like an eternity , after my body telling me to give up and abandon this trial , i pass the bar . i shimmy myself upwards . i made it . i did it . newline newline now it is his turn . i can see the worry in his eyes . i ve already beat him . but he has to make a show of it , it is the rules to attempt until defeat . so i stand across from him , where he stood and judged me . newline newline yes . i ve already won . now i ll see you fall before me . tonight , i have won the limbo championships . you must settle for second .oh shit ,  terence though as he saw the far wall shimmer and slide through time . newline newline  exalted father ,  larry said at terence s left ,  see how our works bring forth the great old one !  terence could nt believe larry actually sounded excited . here they were working to bring about the destruction of the world and this nutbar thinks it s christmas morning . newline newline  verily .  terence fell back on antiquated words whenever he was at a loss . he suspected that was ninety percent of the reason he got this job  his ability to correctly use words like antediluvian .  newline newline  my lords ,  jimmy said he he ran up and knelt in front of the two men ,  we have reports of intruders in the compound .  newline newline thank god ,  terence thought .  how many and where ?  newline newline  my lord high father , many and everywhere . we must evacuate .  jimmy kept staring at the floor as he talked . terence always used to get a little thrill at all the subservience but now it was turning his stomach . newline newline  verily . lord protector ,  terence said , turning to larry ,  take ten men and hold the main gate while i evacuate the remainder through the hidden catacombs .  hidden catacombs . it always made terence chuckle that they called he tiny underground hallway a catacomb . the damn thing was only six feet tall and three feet wide . they had the mcmillan brothers dig it out last summer . those boys had a tendency to get into serious trouble  like raping and murdering trouble  when they got bored . so terence gave them both a couple of shovels and told them to get to work . when it was over , he bought them beers and copy of the great escape on dvd . newline newline larry nodded and whisked away , taking jimmy with him . the sudden disturbance had put the kibosh on the ritual which made the wall stop flickering out of normal space . terence has never been so glad for an interruption in his life . he clapped his hands to get the attention of the rest of the acolytes . newline newline  children ! hear me now ! our estimable sanctum is being harried by the unbelievers !  terence looked around and realized maybe one in ten had any idea what he was taking about . he had to dumb it down .  we must flee before the unworthy penetrate ! quickly , to the catacombs !  with that , he turned with a flourish that made his robes flare out behind him . he did nt stop to look back but he could hear some generalized rustling of people starting to move . newline newline terence found the trap door behind the altar and pulled it open . he shucked his robes at the top  they were certain to get in the way down there . he slid down the ladder as fast as he could . there was the sound of popping far off in the distance as he descended . he did nt look but hoped at least some of his personal vassals made their escape . angela , pamela , rita . hell , they were the reason he got into this crazy cult . of course , now that he d seen that wall shimmer it made him wonder if maybe it was just a bunch of inbred hillbillies hiding out in the woods . maybe there was something to his . either way , he d have to start up a recruitment drive again . this time he d focus more on that beautician college out near the interstate .short story : newline newline the man thought initially that he should consider his wishes carefully  but being an impulsive man he decides to just go for it all at once . now because the man has a happy family and a great life it would follow that the man has decent morals . he wishes first that he will be able to provide for his family without working another day in his life . he wishes secondly that he have enough money to supply his family with all their wants and desires for the rest of their lives . his third and final wish is that his wife be sexually satisfied . so everything goes great  bing , bang , bam , and life seems perfect for this man and his family . but then everything goes down hill . his wife leaves him for a man who she found to be far more seductive and entertaining in the bedroom . she divorces him and takes all his money and gets the kids in the settlement as well . since the man s exwife is now rich and with a man she  ca nt resist  the kids are constantly bought distractions and sent classes to keep them busy while  mommy  has fun time . eventually the kids grow up , and without much parenting , become increasingly snobbish little assholes . they also grow increasingly disconnected from their father whom they rarely see because their mother pays for them to do things that are sooo much more interesting . the man is left with nothing to do and nowhere to go because he wished that his family be provided for without him having to work another day in his life . he finally comes to terms with himself that life is no longer worth living and he can not take it anymore after ten years of constant anguish and sorrow . he decides to end his empty life one sad morning when his daughter leaves for boarding school without saying good bye to him .early afternoon in a small , secluded mountain town . a doorbell rings in one of the squat wooden cottages that line the cobbled street . a tall , rustred figure stands out in the light drizzle . snow drips from his shoulders . it is the middle of the summer . newline newline newline miss cecilia mccarthy walked calmly through the cottage s living room . as she strode she dodged the centuries old furniture and the occasional urn or relic . she knew who it was . there was nt much of a smile in her face . the heavy wooden door swung outward with an ominous creak . every door that miss mccarthy opened creaked . it was a family talent . it ran in the blood . newline newline newline oh . it s you newline newline yes , it s me answered the devi newline newline oh , you a pause  do come in then newline newline yes . yes , okay newline newline newline miss mccarthy turned and strode into the kitchen . she did nt look back to see if he followed . newline newline newline behind , the devil was having trouble with some untied shoelaces . he stepped forward carelessly and fell into the ground headfirst . miss mccarthy did nt even glance back . newline newline newline the devil hurried into the cramped kitchen . newline newline newline err , sorry about that newline newline yes newline newline newline the awkwardness in the air was palpable . if a fifteenyear old teenager had been in the room , a hushed shout of  awkwardddd  might have been heard . the devil was drenched in sweat . small beads of the stuff rolled down his forehead without a hurry in the world . newline of course , miss mccarthy did nt seem to be affected by the stuffy air . she was icecold . newline newline newline what do you want it was nt a question . miss mccarthy did not ask questions . newline newline newline err the devil s eyes darted across the room . they could nt find a suitable resting place . staring into miss mccarthy s steely gaze was not an option . newline newline do go on newline newline newline now , when it came to torture elements and the like the devil may have been an eminence , but when it came to social fluency he was as proficient as a tenyear old . tenyear olds were no match for miss mccarthy . when their footballs tumbled into her garden they did nt even ask for them . at night , they sprinted past her house . newline newline newline miss mccarthy did nt say anything . she waited , patiently , one leg crossed over the other . the only sign of life was given when her lips curled up into a smile . she newline enjoyed this . newline newline newline you know , uhh , when we , er , you know ...  the devil finished midsentence . he looked at miss mccarthy expectantly , as if by sheer willpower he could will her to understand . newline newline no newline newline newline the devil might have been seven feet tall , and he might have had the build and stature of a football player , and he might have had bloodred skin , but none of that mattered there and then . he had the soul of a wet puppy , and the confidence of a thirteenyear old . he treasured revenge , but he never could get around to delivering it . that was why he was such an expert torturer  the anger welled up inside him , and he took it out on those poor sods over at hell . newline newline newline the statement destroyed him . there was a visible look of confusion on his face . anarchy reigned within his brain . newline newline newline wait , what ? do nt you play stupid with me , i know you remember . you asshole he spat that last word . newline newline newline that was what he would have wanted to say . what came out was : newline newline newline oh . oh . err ... . well ... . you know. newline newline newline no newline newline newline miss mccarthy smiled inwardly . this was almost as good as sex . newline newline newline the devil looked lost . he stared at the wall for almost ten seconds . after a marked inside struggle , he blurted out : newline newline newline when you and me were together newline newline newline yes newline newline newline no , this was better , miss mccarthy decided . newline newline newline that i said that i would give you a favor when hell froze over newline newline   yeah , when hell freezes over , i ll give you a damn favor  , i believe , were your words her voice was icecold , with just a hint of pleasure . there was a twinkle in her eye . newline newline and , i believe , hell has frozen over , then . there it was again , that smile . newline newline yes it was a very resigned  yes  . newline newline yes newline newline newline magical beings like the devil were bound by their words . semanticist , technicalities , figures of expression , all were very important . miss mccarthy was a lawyer . newline newline newline what do you want ?  the devil had already lost the battle . newline newline go fuck yourself no , wait , make that the war . as the words rolled of her tongue cleanly , a hint of smug satisfaction crossed her face . newline newline what ?  newline newline i mean it liquid nitrogencold newline newline what , like , right now ?  newline newline yes , you can use the couch newline newline oh newline newline yes newline newline she she watched him for a few long seconds before deciding she d had enough . she was nt totally heartless after all . newline newline err ...  said the devil . newline newline get the fuck out . now said miss mccarthy newline newline the devil scurried away into the afternoon , his short spearheaded tail notsofiguratively between his legs .ubiquity . newline newline newline and nothingness . newline newline newline this cure . this thing . this existence . newline newline newline reality surrounds me . it conquers and divides my soul . newline newline intoxication is expensive and futile . there is no  out  , only  in  the moment . and the moments are endless . incessant and demanding . all input and output , no process . sensory deprivation is fleeting and unsustainable . newline newline newline i am in hell , if hell had never before existed . newline newline newline i would choose death , but rumor is that there is  cure  for that , as well . cremation ? transmutable desperation . newline newline newline i stare at anything for hours . a perfect insomnia . efficient mind and body . spirit ? a life without fatigue . a life indeed . nothing but life , but not really living . existing . newline newline newline for every sleepless hour , something indeed sleeps . determined to wake . solace in insanity ? i can only hope to be so fortunate . any deviation is welcome . any escape from  now  . newline newline newline this  cure  was not wanted . we were told it was necessary . necessary to survive , as a human . a human whose competition was every other human that opted for the  cure  . i am surviving . no better off than if this thing never existed . my output exceeds my input . i am a slave to the demands of industry . a worker , a drone . newline newline newline day and night come and go without notice . seasons pass without celebration . we are a sewer of benefactors . no creative outlets . our  extra  time has been monopolized and commoditized . those that believe otherwise are delusional , ignorant , or both . newline newline newline we must fight the  cure  . it is in our nature to rest , to sleep . we are deprived of our nature and need an audacious pandemic . there can be no masters .newline newline a sudden stinging in his hand roused him from his contemplative staring . right between his index finger and his middle finger . the cigarette had burned right down to his hand again as he sat in the overstuffed armchair in the living room . newline newline newline reflexively , the cigarette dropped to the floor onto the carpet . it  s glowing ember immediately left a black dot on the red carpet beneath him . he moved his foot over and squashed the ember with his sneaker  there were now eight more or less identical dots in a random pattern on the living room floor . newline newline newline he had been sitting there thinking all night . he was lonely , afraid . newline newline the sirens frightened him . newline newline newline out on the city street a police siren blared its obnoxious alarm , first coming down the street , growing louder and louder , rising to a screeching pitch , and then gradually fading away . newline newline newline he missed the comfort of alice  s voice . even amid all the others , the missed the soothing , distinctly feminine voice . its high pitched , naturally female noise cutting above the garbled mess below . newline newline newline soaring if not covering the garbled , nasty baritone of the bad voices . the bad voices he had gotten used to  he had ignored . newline newline newline he squinted , spying the orange cylinder on the kitechen sink . did he take them this morning ? he couldn  t remember . he remembered taking them yesterday morning  but what about last night ? newline newline newline he felt miserably lonely . newline newline newline he wanted a comforting voice to soothe him . newline newline newline she soared so high above the rest did it even matter ? he could ignore the rest , he had learned to do that years ago . newline newline newline the apartment around him was so grimy and the police sirens sounded on the streets below..it seemed like every ten minutes . newline newline newline she was an angel and he couldn  t hear her any more . she was there to protect him and he had blotted her out . like a hand shielding a face from the sun . no good could come from it . newline newline newline he walked over to the kitchen sink , and poured what was left of the cylinder down the drain newlinethere are so many kinds of people in this world and erin found herself in the middle of the worst of the worst . the shadowy corner booth she sat in provided her with some manner of comfort . all eyes ignored her and instead were trained on a man dressed as a clown who was dancing on the stage . no one had been allowed to leave and quite frankly erin was nt sure why they d all been herded into the churchturnedbar . most people were either too high , or in erin s case , too scared to ask what was going on . newline newline as erin watched from her dark booth , she noticed that most of the people here seemed off . maybe it was because she had nt slept well this week , perhaps it was the environment , or maybe her eyes were playing tricks on her  but she could have sworn she saw an animal where a human now stood . newline newline a tall , thin , and very pale man made his way through the crowd in a way that reminded erin of a spider . his gaze scanned the room , and lingered briefly on erin s booth . a smile spread across his face briefly before he disappeared into the crowd . newline newline the man on the stage was bowing and adjusting his multicolored wig . in a silvery flash , he d whipped out a flask and took a swig of something before stuffing it into his back pocket . a drunken slur , which sounded like some sort of insult , came from somewhere in the crowd . the man on the stage chuckled . newline newline  now , now !  his voice was amplified despite the lack of a microphone ,  i know some of you are wondering why you re in here . you must be thinking , why am i shoved into a shit hole with the scum of the earth ?  or perhaps you were simply lost and ended up here .  newline newline erin hugged herself and glanced around . despite the crowd , the room was beginning to get cold . she spied the spiderlike man once more , who was now sitting at the bar , staring at her shadowed booth . newline newline  well , ladies and gents , scum bags and little lost sheep ,  the clown on stage seemed a little more sinister than before ,  you wandered into a web of sorts . see , we re all about to have dinner and thought it would simply be swell if you were all invited .  newline newline  this is about to get really messy .  the spiderlike man was nearly sitting in erin s lap now ,  i d really hate for you to get caught in a bloodbath . no , someone like you deserves life . now , i ll give you a choice here , dear erin  oh yes , i know your name , but that s beside the point . i want you to think carefully before you answer .  newline newline the man took erin s hand and idly traced lines on her palm ,  you see , i m in need of someone to be my eyes during the day . follow me and i ll make sure you are safe from harm , of course there s a small blood price to pay , but that is nothing compared to the agony you ll experience if i m not at your side .  newline newline the man gestured towards the bar . a woman had a man pinned against the bar , unnatural teeth gnashed at his flesh , blood oozed from the wounds on his body and trickled onto the floor . newline newline  as you can see , some of my people are a little impatient . now , what is your answer , dear erin ?  newline newline  i d say ,  a soft voice made the man s grimace in annoyance ,  that you have a few seconds to leave the poor girl alone , balthazar . you know what she is and you know that your actions are getting closer to breaking the truce .  newline newline  i ll deal with you later , sweet thing .  balthazar ran a rough tongue across erin s cheek before he turned to the source of the voice ,  dahlia . i see you saw fit to intervene . unfortunately , this one is mine .  newline newline dahlia , who looked to be a little girl of about seven , stood with her hands on her hips . erin used the distraction to slip out of the booth and started to edge towards the door . in an instant , she found herself pinned against the wall . balthazar s razorlike maw was inches from her face . newline newline a screech sounded from behind them , as flames burst from balthazar s back . a small hand grabbed erin s and soon she was being lead through a war zone . creatures hissed and howled in pain , claws slashed and teeth gnashed at figures throwing arcane energy . newline newline they briefly stopped at a door near the stage , the clown rushed towards them but was jerked back by a man wielding chains made of ice . dahlia ignored them and punched numbers into a keypad . soon , they were rushing through a damp alley , the sounds of the chaos inside muffled to a dull roar . newline newline newlinesweat dripped slowly down both men s necks , gathering in a small pool around the lesser man . john was gasping on the floor , the firm hands that were clasped around his neck cutting off all supply of oxygen . his vision began to flux , a rainbow of colours that fluttered in and out of view , but he was conscious enough to see that the man in front of him was strong . stronger than an ox , it appeared , but details were nt important right now , not when john was gradually losing the one thing that he prioritized more than money  his life . he kicked out a few times , not due to him trying to escape , however . his body was in spasm , resorting to desperate measures to avoid the cold clench of death around it . only when the fog had started to fade in did the hands around his neck cease their tightening . they released their hold and returned to the side of their owner . newline newline his vision was swimming , his lungs desperate to intake enough air just to keep him alive , his muscles aching with lack of oxygenated blood to satisfy them . whilst john was groaning on the floor , his attacker stood indimidatingly , towering over the poor man . a sharp jab sent john sprawling , collapsing into a heap on the ground . screams of a family ricocheted around the alleyway , and john s peripheral vision displayed a young man impaled to the wall on a red hot , keen poker . a sudden excruciating pain shot through his abdomen , imitating the pain the young man must have felt . newline newline it was now that he was aware that the man that was previously choking him had his hands raised , like he was beckoning . the man slowly turned his hand over , and john descended into a world of madness and panic . feelings of fear were bounding around his mind , and the man disappeared , replaced instead by a group of four who stood in front . he recognised three of them , having killed them and robbed them the previous week , but the other man , a tall , muscular man , was someone john had never seen before . a sudden thought occurred to him . maybe this was the man that stood in front of him , desperate for revenge . the moment the thought entered his head , three of the figures melted into the shadowy form of a skull . it opened it s mouth unnaturally wide , and smoke erupted from it , surrounding john . pain flared through him , like a thousand white hot knives pressing against his chest . collapsing , he started to scream and shout for life , for mercy , for death . newline newline  end it , for gods sake ! please , i m sorry , just let me die !  newline newline a slow drawl followed his screams , undoubtedly spoken by the man . newline  fuck you .  newline newline the skull enveloped john , and he paled , a blinding light blinding him . the pain numbed , and thousand of images flickered through his eyes in a split second , pictures of everyone he loved and killed , everything he enjoyed and despised . the final image shown in this limbo state was the picture of the man , smiling . newline newline                                                newline newline the nurses did nt even have to check over him to tell he was dead . the emancipated skin that layered the bones , the dry lips that cracked with every movement of the hospital bed . his face however , was the clear evidence . the mangled jaw , the twisted and bloodied nose , the eyes that were violently and unceremoniously gouged out . his neck was a mass of blue , clearly swollen beyond what was possible to survive . the man was sent straight to the morgue , where he was swiftly cremated , as per his wishes . as the ashes were processed through the crematory , a tall man stood over it and smiled sadly . it did nt have to come to that , to use his psychic powers and telekinetic abilities to make someone suffer . however , he deserved it . he killed his family , after all .i entered the grand hall . it was quite large , even rivaling the size of the castle s of old . my lantern blazed upon the walls of marble , the ground , stone . large rocks were placed all around , containing all sorts of metal and other shining materials that simply glowed with power . weapons like the gaster blaster , a jar of aether , and the elfstones , and i can even recall seeing some other objects , like aegis , the bag of wind , and gleipnir . i oohed at many , but something called to me to one side of the room . i could nt say what it was that made me look in that direction , or even call out to see if anyone was there . there was no point . no one had been here in quite some time . but i pressed on . i shined my lantern around , suspicious of what was ahead . around me objects glowed like the stars . any of these could be mine , i thought to myself . the golden apple , loki s staff , nearly everything imaginable . it was mindboggling , all of these things , and yet i did nt even begin to imagine myself kneeling down to horde the riches that many before me have done . newline newline my legs grew weak from the immense time walking . turn back , i told myself . why bother continuing ? there s nothing here that interests me . i had a specific taste when it came to these things . i wanted something that would truly tell a tale . so many of these things told and retold , losing their value every time . so many of these things granting immense power , it all seemed so trivial . why rise to the very top , just to brag ? sure , you could change life in a matter of seconds , everything becoming so trivial , but is nt that the problem ? everything that seems so big to a mere human seemed so small to a god . newline newline  who am i kidding ? who would nt want to be a god ?  newline newline newline i kept on going , until very few items were left scattered around me , many things like triton s conch , or the golden fleece . but , the feeling grew stronger . i knew i was destined to come upon the artifact at some point . newline newline then , i heard the screams . newline newline terrible , maddening screams coming from behind me . the sound of hate , anger , and death filled the air , and i knew i was the target . i quickly gathered myself from the journey across the hall , and began in a full sprint . i dropped my lantern , as my running was incredibly impaired with it equipped . they came closer and closer . i could nt turn back . so many of those things that could ve saved my life , gone behind me . slowly , my sickened feeling of the monsters behind me grew to tears . my crying growing louder as continued on , echoed sobs becoming more and more frequent the more i ran . newline newline i had come close to reaching a dead end . newline newline i stopped , and gathered my breath . the horrendous screams grew nothing short of the strength of hurricane , nearly exploding my eardrums from the amount of echos . i looked around , panicked , searching for some way , even though i knew , there was none . nothing but the darkness of the cave the hall had slowly mutated into . newline newline then , light began pouring from the back of the cave . from behind a rock , a strong blue glow covered the cave wall , not only revealing a door , but a small sword . i peered over the rock , desperate , and the light nearly blinded my well dilated eyes . as it came into focus , i saw a small elvish sword , engraved with beautiful markings fit for a common elvish swordfighter . newline newline the sword sting . excitedly i grabbed it , hoping that it would provide some way of getting me out of this mess . however , quickly , i realized my sword skills were well below sub par , and the number of monsters surely outnumbered me . frantically , i searched the walls of the cave , the screams just below a small cliff i had climbed before reaching it . eventually , i had traced my steps back to where i had found sting , making my last ditch effort to fins some sort of help . newline newline and sure enough , beside it laid a small golden answer to my problems . newline newline i smirked , wondering how it ever had gotten there . turning around , i say the first couple of orcs climb the cliff to see me . newline newline and then see me disappear . newline newline  newline newline if you made it this far , thanks for reading ! this is my first story , and i m glad you managed to get this far .i was perfect for you . i was . newline newline i cooked for you , i fucked for you , i cleaned for you  i did everything for you . i still do . i still have your clothes . i still have your plants . i still have your pictures . newline newline did you not like my food ? i asked your mom what you liked to eat as a kid . i asked your friends what you ate at lunch in highschool . i asked your coworkers what you ate at lunch now . i did everything for you , i even made your favourite food you ate when you were a baby  mashed carrots and squash . you could have hit me if you did nt like it . i would ve understood . newline newline was it my face ? i know i was never in your league . i m sorry you had to put up with me ... i did wear a paper bag whenever you were home , you know . or tried to , anyway . you used to get mad at me for that . why ? i m sorry . newline newline was it my voice ? i told you that if you wanted me to , i would ve clawed out my own throat . you would nt have to hear my ugly laugh again . i would never have complained . i know you never liked having sex with me . i was too loud , too ugly . i told you to choke me out , remember ? i said that if you did nt want to hear me you could just choke me out . you got mad at me for that too . i m sorry . i really would have let you do it though . you know that , right ? newline newline i would have let you do anything . newline newline i ve started to wear your clothes around the apartment . our apartment . i have nt had the courage to start wearing them outside yet . i even cut my hair like yours  when i wash it in the morning , it almost feels like you re here with me . i love it  not as much as i love you  but i love it . i love it . newline newline your plants are safe with me . i hope you know that . i would never , ever hurt them . i know how important they are to you  why do nt you ever come back for them ? aloe barbadensis .  remember when you taught me that ? i water your aloe barbadensis for you . i rub the dirt from its leaves , i put it in the sun  i love it almost as much as i love you . almost . newline newline and your pictures ? well ... i got so lonely one night that i ate them  just so i could feel like you were inside me again . so i would nt be so alone again . i m sorry babe . i m sorry . i know you paid a lot of money to get them developed . i just could nt help it , you know ? if you re angry at me , i wo nt mind if you kill me . i wo nt even fight  promise ! newline newline i want you to know that there s no hard feelings from my side . why would there be ? it was nt me that left you  you left me . why ? newline newline what did i do wrong ? please come back . did i do something to make you angry ? you can take it out on me  i promise . i wo nt get mad . i ll smile ! i love you . i really do . even though i do nt deserve to love you , i do . i love you . does it make you disgusted to hear it ? it s okay  i would be too . you can hit me  i ll love you in secret . newline newline we do nt have to be together in public if it disgusts you that much . you can even have another partner  i wo nt mind . i just want to do everything for you . i ll clean you . i ll cook for you . i ll massage you . i ll love you  you do nt have to love me back . i love you . please , please come back . newline newline what did i do wrong ?david was distracted by editing the photo , applying layers from instagram , and posting on facebook . he was so distracted he did nt realize the creature s eyes began to flutter open . david turned around to snap another photo , when he realized that the creature was not laying unconscious , but was quite coherent and standing upright . newline newline the creature began dusting himself off .  oh god my head  it murmured . david let out a little yep .  oh hey i did nt see you there  , the creature said non nonchalantly .  say you do nt have a smoke do you ? you travel 12 million space miles and of course there is no smoking up in space  ... newline newline david , now incoherent himself , remained speechless , motionless . it was horrible , discussing  three arms , four legs , one head , and orange ! seeing this all before the creature began riffling through his bag for a cigarettes . newline newline  hollywood has been lying to you , kid  , the creature strained .  we are not all marvin the martin  looking guys  they only exists in this galaxy . if you want to see some ugly ass dudes  the creature laughed  you need to check out rigel 423  the females on that planet  . he stops and shutters . newline newline david s motor skills began to returning , as he looked around . what david did nt realize , was that the creature could read minds . saddened that david was plotting to bludgeon the poor creature , the creature became depressed . newline newline  dude not cool  , he said with distaste . as david darted for a branch , the creature took out his portal device and just like that materialized out of the forest . david picked up the branch and spun around to knock the monster in his face  he did so with all the strength he could muster . so much so , that he lost his footing , tripped and crashed head first into a rock . as david laid there dying he thought that he should have been more polite .our world was a new world in the multiverse , my generation was the first to receive what would later be known as familiars . everyone on their 18th birthday would wake up to find an animal guide that matches their personality . some people got traditional stuff like dogs and cats , others received more exotic things like snakes , rats , things like that . i even know one girl who got a tarantula . we ve figured out that familiars are the physical embodiment of your soul . they offer wisdom and guidance , and grant gifts that are beyond our understanding of the natural world . they allow us to explore other worlds and shape the world to our liking . it s been ten years since we the first of us became partners , and me ? exotic does nt even cover it . i got a dragon .i placed my briefcase down next to my client , pulled out my chair , and sat down . i knew he was guilty . he did nt deserve to be in heaven . but he was paying me 3x rate and i have a family to feed . we had nt met yet , so i extended my hand to greet him newline newline  hello hitler , my name is amanda gates , pleasure to meet you  newline newline  hello amanda , pleasure to meet you as well . i ve heard a lot about your husband , he is an amazing man .  newline newline i thanked him for the compliment then got down to business . newline newline on the opposite side of the table sat him . i could nt see him on account of the blinding light radiating outwards , but i could feel his presence . newline newline i stuck out my hand ,  hello god , my name is amand  newline newline  silence . i know who you are . and i know why you re here . before you begin , know that i am omniscient , that i control everything , the movement of galaxies and the thoughts of an ant . only the hubris of man could make you think that you would be able to sway my perfect judgement  newline newline  well i am a lawyer , it s kind of my job !  , i joked trying to lighten the mood . he did nt find it funny . hitler laughed at least . newline  look , hitler is not the best man to have ever live . he s not gandhi . heck , i d even say he s worse than most . but that s not what it s about right ? it s not about the amount of bad things that you do , or the severity of the actions , it s about whether you have faith . and let me tell you , he has more faith than the pope . now , how could you turn away an honest christian ?  newline newline i waited but i heard no response . i looked at hitler and he looked up at me smiling . i think i had made an impression on god . we waited and waited . i knew he was processing it all . and then he spoke . newline newline  amanda moskowitz , i am surprised that you are defending this man considering your heritage .  newline newline fuck . of course he uses my maiden name . hitler looked up at me again , but instead of smiling , he had a look of disgust and shock . i gave him a sheepish smile . newline newline  i m not jewish anymore ! i swear !  but it was too late . newline newline hitler sprung up from his chair and was about to tackle me , but as soon as he did he fell as far down as i could see , into the pits of hell . i sighed , and leaned back in my chair . newline newline  you did nt answer my question . how can you defend this man ?  god continued . newline newline  anyone s fair game when you sell your soul to become a lawyer ...  ... two , one , happy new year !  newline newline  what ? where ... where am i ?  newline newline  who are you ? and how did you get here ?  newline newline  i do nt know ... why are you saying happy new year ? 2015 started five days ago !  newline newline  tw ... twenty fifteen ? you re from the past ?  newline newline  what ? what year is it ?  newline newline  it s just turned 2017. who are you ?  newline newline  i m  name redacted  , i was born on  date redacted  , 1996 , and i live in  city redacted  . i went to sleep on the night of january fifth of 2015 and i woke up here to you two saying happy new year  . what s ... oh , twenty seventeen .  newline newline  what ?  newline newline  was there a massive solar storm , as powerful as the carrington event of 1859 , that knocked out our power grid and most other nations  power grids on the first of may 2015 ?  newline newline  yes  how did you know that ?  newline newline  well ... you see , there used to be this website called reddit , and on it people could post many things , and ...  newline newline  yes , i ve heard of reddit .  newline newline  well , there was this subreddit called writing prompts  , where people could submit prompts for other people to write stories based on , and ... one of them came true . you have fireworks , do nt you  you have a grandfather clock that your family has been diligently winding once a week for the past hundred years or so , and after the lights went out in 2015 you heard no word from the government , conservative or labour , and the bbc had been permanently taken off the air .  newline newline  alright , how did you know all that ?  newline newline  i do nt know ... but then again , by all rights i should be in bed now and it should be january sixth of 2015 now . by all rights , i should definitely not be in a stranger s house ... and i do nt know where my family are  they could all be dead by 2017  so please could i stay with you for a month or two ?  newline newline  ... well , this new year s eve really has taken a turn for the weird . you may stay with us tonight and tomorrow night  the night of sunday , january first  but i do nt know what we ll do after that . we certainly do nt have enough food for all three of us  myself , sophia , my husband , george , and you  we might try to find your family , but ...  newline newline  ... but it ll be very difficult  my relatives have nt seen me for almost two years , although i last saw them not four hours ago  they could be anywhere in britain by now ... anyway , are you going to set off the fireworks ?  newline newline  alright , let s go !  newline newline  00:04 gmt , sunday 1 january 2017the light of their satellite planet is too bright for me , so i must close my lum receptors and move towards my host by feel alone . i push my tendrils in the direction of it s sleeping structure , feeling the roughness of the floor underneath me . i slide upwards , pulling myself easily against their minimal gravity . i can feel myself stretching . i stop as i hear a thumping noise , and i realize that it is coming from the human laying on the bed next to me . newline i do nt know what it is , so i pause . it would be easy for the human to tear me apart outside of my shell , and i can see nothing , so there would be no warning . newline newline it does nt react to this noise , and on further inspection , it is coming from the human ! with my gelatinous extensions curled near the lower limbs of the body , it can not see me , though i believe it to be asleep . newline newline my neural interfaces latch onto the human , pulling me forwards , molding me against the shape of its body . as i open my mouth and extend my teeth towards it s neck , opening my lum receptors just a cul , it shifts , and i miss when i strike , burying my teeth in it s shoulder , and the thumping noise shifts frequency , speeding up drastically . the human s mouth opens and i try desperately to connect , cutting off a scream with my connectors . i wriggle into the spinal column , controlling everything . newline newline i open my eyes , i think . i do nt understand the stimuli that its eyes are receiving . i do nt know what is going on . i can not make sense of anything . i command the eyes to move , but they do nt . i feel friction against the human s lower body . i search the memory for the appropriate words , and i receive  cloth  and  toes  . i attempt to move the human s upper limbs , and they respond , but in the wrong direction , pushing me backwards from the  bed  and onto the floor . the human s head makes contact with the  wood  , and i lose control . this blast of sensation makes me recoil from my contact with the brain , and she moves , screaming and clawing at me . i fight to regain control , and she is broken by the power of my mind . i move slowly now , her muscles move much more powerfully than we do . i get my hands under me , pushing upwards , kneeling . i move my legs and stand , knees shaking under the strain of so much weight . i do nt remember weighing this much last night . what am i feeling ? i m becoming a human ? i walk calmly to my armor , too small for me now , and throw it into my closet , suddenly disgusted by what i am . i want to destroy myself , to rip it off of me . i can feel it under my skin , wriggling , that wretched body that was mine . i eject , implanting one last thought into her mind . newline newline  kill me . dear susan , newline newline i know it has been quite a while since i have last written . do not be worried , we seem to have the situation under control now . we might even be able to secure the town i had told you about in the next few days . i sadly can not go into more details at this time . newline newline we have also moved positions since my last letter and it is nice to have at least a bit of change . we set up quickly and it has been very quite since . both sides are growing tired of war . newline newline please also say hello to matt when you see him and let him know that i am keeping him in my prayers during this dark time of his life . i promise we will go on that fishing trip we had planned as soon as i get back . newline newline i miss you dearly and hope this war will be resolved soon . i am looking forward to coming home . newline newline yours dearly , newline  newline sehr geehrte susan , newline newline ich bedauere ihnen mitzuteilen das everett verstorben ist . newline newline wir haben ihm die letzte ehre erwiesen . newline newline er hat ihren namen erwhnt , jedoch spreche ich leider kein english . newline newline mein tiefstes beileid . newline newline sanittsobersoldat wilhelm maurerthe video starts . newline newline a few people are milling around , my corpse in a coffin less than 20 feet from a snack table . cheap ass burial . newline newline and then she walks in . suddenly i m clenching my ghostly fists . newline newline i ca nt believe she would turn up . after what happened . newline newline i have nt seen her in a year . i guess i ll never see her after this . newline newline i grit my teeth . the fury still building . newline newline she walks over to some others , a few words are exchanged but i m not listening . newline newline just the rage that she s there . newline newline she walks over to my coffin . it s a closed casket . i was a mess . newline newline she lays her hand on my coffin and bows her head . newline newline after what she did i do nt even want her near my body . newline newline her lips move . newline newline  hey buddy , turn it up  . newline newline the guy in the robe reaches over and turns the knob . newline newline  i ca nt believe you died  she says  before i said i m sorry .  newline newline tears are streaming from her eyes . newline newline  i miss you  she whispers . newline newline i grit my teeth harder , but ca nt hold back the tears . newline newline  goddammit i miss you too  i whisper back . newline newline the screen fades to black ... .. eat your vegetables , child .  newline newline  no .  newline newline such was a common exchange between tiadi , a dragon of many hundred years , and linrai , her ward of only eleven years . newline newline  do you want to become as strong as a dragon , lin ?  tiadi asked , craning her head down over the girl s table . she , herself , was a large specimen , of whitegold scales and of a seemingly quite affable disposition , despite her size and origin . newline newline  i do , but i hate that stuff !  linrai complained , childishly .  why do you even tell the cooks to make it ? i hate it !  newline newline  now , now , child ... becoming upset will only be a detriment to yourself ,  the dragon said , laying her head back down . they sat in almost a throne room of sorts , although it was more apt to call it a bedchamber .  it would be a disrespect to the vegetables if you did not eat them , and further , a disrespect to nature itself . nature is the origin of all things , and  newline newline  must be respected above all else ,  linrai said , as if from memory . a phrase she had been taught a thousand times over , to the point where it became tiresome to speak .  i know . i m sorry . vegetables are just ... gross .  newline newline  would it help if the cooks brought in some salted honey for them , dear ?  tiadi asked , glancing over at the child with a halflidded eye . newline newline  we have that ? !  newline newline shortly following that , the girl s vegetables were given a healthy coating of salted honey , and were very quickly gobbled down without complaint . newline newline   newline newline  it s been a year , but i still do nt feel much like a dragon ...  linrai murmured , sitting on a bench stationed on a balcony , overlooking a large town . a culture of dragonworshipers through and through , there were many statues depicting the scaled creatures all throughout the town . some smaller ones lounged on stacks of hay or other simple bedding , in most cases having one or more ardent villagers fanning them or feeding them . as a result of the concentration of dragons , the town suffered little from war or banditry . most bands of brigands were put down quickly , either by the dragons or by overzealous townspeople . newline newline  so , this is where you ve gotten off to .  newline newline the girl craned her head around to the door back into the castle , and her eyes met the form of her handmaiden , inya . linrai had been treated like royalty ever since she was saved from a band of marauding bandits , and was offered all the best that the town had to offer . despite her previously lowly state , she was being educated , taught the ways of the sword , and yet more . newline newline  observing the town again , are you ?  inya asked , stepping forward . she came to sit next to linrai , staring out over the town , as well .  bustling , as always .  newline newline  it s always really pretty ,  linrai simply said . her eyes had followed inya as she approached , but were once again scanning the horizon .  my dad always said that dragons were scary , but these ones are really nice .  newline newline  even wrathful beasts know occasional peace ,  inya said , folding her hands over her lap .  that is a saying among dragons .  newline newline  are dragons really that wrathful ... ?  linrai asked , glancing over toward inya . she wore a puzzled expression . newline newline  if one were to draw their ire , certainly . but such a thing is relatively rare , as not all humans wish to die young or frivolously ,  inya said .  they are capable of compassion and just as capable , if not more , of sloth . to bathe in the sun for hours and be fed fruit and meat ... it would be something , would it not ?  the handmaiden smiled gently , and then stood again .  perhaps that will be your fate eventually , as the girl who was raised by dragons , but it is not your fate today .  newline newline  what s my fate today ?  linrai asked , eyes following the woman as she stood . newline newline  a bath .  newline newline linrai huffed and hawed , but eventually stood up and submitted to being bathed . the soap always seemed to sting her eyes . newline newline   newline newline  well , this is about all i can think of for now . i just got back yesterday from a short trip , so i m glad something like this came up . if you want more , check out my sub ,  rprobroscis   https : www.reddit.comrprobroscis  i work in secret  have for a long time . partnerships never work well for me , you would nt believe how incompetent people are . i give someone one ounce of responsibility and lo and behold they find some way of fucking it up . every . time . my college roommate , a long time ago , was a very competent guy , the only person who ever got anything done . apparently he was really depressed though , killed himself in our junior year . if i could find another one of him , i d give him my businesses and take an early retirement . no such luck , though . newline newline my family does nt know what i do , my wife is  bless her heart  on her 12th year of her doctorate . just ca nt seem to get it done for some reason . we do nt have kids , some miscarriages , yes , but that s okay  to be honest she s the one that wants kids  . so here i am , sitting in a beautiful house with a caring brilliant , beautiful woman who i am lucky enough to call my wife . selfemployed , work 2 hours a day  if that .  living the dream  , apparently . some part of me just feels so ... alone . i know that s stupid of me and selfish to say , but on some level , i do . newline newline i ve been thinking of taking a trip , i do nt know to where , just by myself . maybe i ll try to hike everest . i solo d mount rainier a few years ago , just on a whim . you would nt believe the sunrise i caught on the top . life just seems so much simpler when i m alone . newline newline you know , i might just do that , the wife could do without me for a few weeks .  sangre de santa anna ! , por la alianza !   newline newline that was the battle cry that launched the second mexicanamerican war . newline newline the war was unexpected really , but it was soon bound to happen , i mean , in every corner there would be someone from mexico , he would have entered legally or illegally , but that would not matter anymore , to this day , the mexicanamerican border would be the tightest demilitarized zone in the world , it even made the zone between north korea and south korea look like a border attack between two elderly neighbors . newline newline when uncle sam gave mexico a big whopping in the mexicanamerican war , they did not expect a splinter group loyal to president santa anna to survive , let even thrive . but the group , known as pacto de sangre managed to plant members within the mexican government , and as the years went by , the pacto de sangre grew from a small splinter group to a powerful organization that rivaled the illuminati and the freemasons in influence and money , the pacto de sangre would have launched operacion serpiente earlier if not for the lack of information and the exposure of the zimmerman telegram . newline newline and so the pacto de sangre decided to wait , meanwhile sending thousands of soldiers and sleeper agents across the mexicanamerican border . newline newline by the year 2000 , over millions of sleeper agents and   hermano carnal   were in the united states , with members in the us cabinet , military , law enforcement , entertainment section , media , etc etc newline newline and by the year 2020 , operacion serpiente came into motion . newline newline it began when a truck with a serpent s head sprayed into it s side came screaming into the white house  fence and crashed into the front porch , and with the click of a button . the truck exploded and deadly gas was released , killing hundreds . newline newline  luckily , the president was in air force one when that happened though the attempted assassination there failed because of president harrison jackson  newline newline and soon enough , similar events happened all around strategic places all around the border states . newline newline the next thing that happened was when the mexican military , now dubbed as el nuevo modelo de ejrcito began storming through the border with surprising speed and precision , overrunning towns and cities with blitzkrieg tactics . newline newline the mexican military was nt the only thing that was busy , mexicans who were already in the states started doing their jobs too . newline newline and by the weeks end , texas , south california , arizona , parts of nevada , and new mexico were displaying the mexican tricolor . newline newline after the initial confusion had collapsed  and numerous uprisings within the us military  , uncle sam began preparing for a counter attack . newline newline operation devils gamble took place , and like the name , it was indeed a gamble . newline newline the plan was to gather multiple assets whether it was marine , army , air force or national guard , and to launch a lightning thrust attack into the hastily mexican built santa anna line in new mexico , thus forcing the rival general antonio de la rivera to redirect his troops to new mexico . newline newline surprisingly , it worked , the poorly and hurriedly made defense line fell , and gen , rivera redirected precious troops and tanks towards new mexico , leaving the rest of the border states into attack by spare national guard and army units . newline newline it took nearly a year of fierce fighting and a mountain of bodies until the mexican tricolor was taken down from texas , arizona , and new mexico . only south california and some parts of texas remained in mexican hands . newline newline it was during the december , that the fighting manifested itself into it s most horrible form , the us , fresh with victory , sent in the 33rd mobile infantry to try and recapture south california from the most elite of the mnma , led by the young yet capable general anton luna del castro . newline newline needless to say , the 33rd easily pushed through towards los angelos , right into luna s trap , the mnma caught the accompanying divisions by surprise and bit the 33rd in the back , meanwhile , luna hammered the 33rd in the front , and at year s end , the entirety of the 33rd was destroyed or captured , the 33rd s apparent defeat was a big surprise and a huge blow towards american morale , it was also a embarrassment too , since luna used captured american arsenal , and had little troops of his own . newline newline the war then turned into it s third phase , with both sides battling each other . newline newline mexico or more importantly pacto de sangre , empowered with their earlier victories and captured american arsenal and the united states , angered at the mexican invasion and at the humiliating loss of the 33rd . newline newline the war would have dragged on if not for luna s assassination by a seal team , the collapse of the luna line , the apparent retreat back into the mexican border and the subsequent phoenix armistice newline newline the year is now 2023 , the mexicanamerican border now lays witness to a new battle , a battle between two eagles , on the other side , a majestic eagle of black and white , it s wings bared and talons sharpened , and on the other side , a eagle of brown , a sense of pride flowing through it s feathers . newline newline and with this.the mexicanamerican war continues . newline newline newline newlinesteevee hated taking a shit more than anything else in his life . he could piss with a gun in one hand , be back in the garage in sixty seconds , ninety at the most . but number two ? at least five minutes . it used to be less when he still had cans of green beans and beets . they lasted about a year after he raided that store to the northnortheast . but two years ago , when moreson was visiting , they had hiked there and found it burned to the ground . so now it  s just the jerky and the potato chips that every vacant house has stocked . and that means at least five minutes . in the outhouse . he d built dozens of outhouses over the course of his life , but could never find the perfect set up . his mother taught him the basics as a child : one hundred feet from your sleeping location , hole at least five feet deep so you have a year at least before vermin bites become a problem , high walls so odor has somewhere to go . he d tried building the walls slotted like a fence , but he felt like bandits could see him and he could get shot from any side . he d even gone against his mother s training and tried using a bucket in his sleeping location , since he could just empty it any time . but the smell never left with the bucket , it was unbearable , and he had to move in the middle of the winter , never the right time to be out exploring . so five minutes . blind , practically unarmed . helpless . newline newline so when he was pulling his pants up in the outhouse and he heard a human voice call out , he panicked . without bothering to fasten his belt , he grabbed his rifle and leaned into the corner next to the door . the voice , likely male , had come from east of his garage , while the outhouse was slightly south . it had been a single syllable , so it could be a lone traveler trying to approach for trade , or a call amongst a group of bandits , closing on his position . he pushed the door open slightly with the barrel of the rifle and after five seconds peered out the opening . nothing for a moment , then he could hear leaves crunching . only reason someone wouldn  t mind stepping on leaves as they approached a building is if they didn  t care if they were heard . sometimes he  d catch moreson stepping on leaves when they were out exploring , but moreson wasn  t due until spring and steevee hoped he knew better by now . newline newline a raid , then . he knew he should wait until he could see more , but in that damn outhouse , steevee felt vulnerable . a strange sensation creeped down his back and when the crunching of leaves stopped , he couldn  t control himself . bursting out of the outhouse at a full sprint , rifle raised to his shoulder , he screamed at the top of his lungs as he ran towards the leaves . the figure dropped to the ground immediately and steevee heard a gun ring out as his right leg collapsed under him in pain . he tried to flip onto his side so he could still fire when the prone shooter called out ,  steevee ? what the hell ?  newline newline steevee relaxed his rifle .  damn it , moreson , you shot me !  moreson never visited this early , always waiting until spring had arrived to travel from his western haunt , wherever it was . newline newline  jesus , steevee , are you okay ? why were you charging me ?  moreson was running over to him , rifle at his shoulder as he scanned the area behind and around steevee .  are you being chased ?  newline newline  no , damn it . look . fuck !  his leg would not let him get up .  i just . look . what  re you doing here , it  s still winter !  newline newline newline moreson squatted by his leg and looked at him , smiling .  sorry , sir . i got an early vacation from work . thought i  d drop by.  newline newline  vacation . work . sure.  moreson always had a funny sense of humor . steevee had told him about some books he  d found that talked about how life used to be in the neighborhoods they  d raid . people lived in the houses and used the cars parked everywhere as transportation , using fuel that no one had seen in decades . they  d drive to other buildings and do work , they go buy food at stores , then go home to eat it . no raiders . no vermin . and they could go to the bathroom in their own houses , and the waste would get taken far away by rivers in pipes , so there  d be no smell . apparently , water was everywhere . newline newline moreson was a weird guy all around , but steevee enjoyed having company that wasn  t trying to rob him . it had taken years of meeting for raids at third locations before steevee trusted him enough to bring him back to wherever he was sleeping each year . but he  d gotten to appreciate him during that time . moreson always seemed to find the best food and gear when they were raiding , and was always willing to share what he  d found . he never seemed to find books , though , so steevee offered to share the ones he found with him . but moreson always wanted steevee to tell him about the books himself , so he could ask him questions as he told the story . steevee knew he could read from raiding , but it was good to be able to talk to someone , so even though it was weird , he didn  t mind . moreson was an okay guy , and for the only person steevee had seen in five years that hadn  t tried to kill him , that was a pretty good deal . newline newline  jesus , you  re really bleeding.  moreson wasn  t smiling any more . he ran his hands along steevee  s leg until steevee winced in pain .  i think the bullet fractured the bone.  newline newline  great.  steevee knew that meant weeks , maybe months off his feet .  well , good to see you . if i  m not here next year , it  s because i died from you shooting me.  newline newline  ha ha . look , i think i know where we can get some gauze , maybe even some crutches . you think you can get up and lean on me ? i don  t want to leave you here.  newline newline  yeah , i think so . thanks.  moreson pulled steevee up and supported his weak right side . together they made off to the east .  sorry about that moreson . i panicked a little bit.  newline newline  don  t worry about it . i  m sorry i shot you . can  t blame you for being vigilant out here.  newline newline  i forgot things are blissful peace out west.  newline newline  well , clearly better than here . i can shit in peace , for instance.  newline newline  sounds like heaven . today was going to be a good day . i was going to let the kiddo have an hour or so playtime , then we were going out to the park and to run some errands . except we never got as far as the park . i checked out some bus times on the computer , and as i did , i could feel my nose getting runnier and runnier . i glanced at the baby , he was asleep . there was a thud from the room above just as i sneezed . newline newline  albus , what are you doing up there ?  i asked , as i sneezed once again . newline newline  nothiiiing ...  the voice of a six year old that knew he had done wrong rang down the stairs . newline newline  albus nick coulson , what exactly are you ... achoo ... ..up to up ... achoo ... there ? !  i called back between sneezes . damn it was getting hard to breathe , the sneezing was nt helping . i got up , grabbed my epi pen from its bag and jabbed myself as i went upstairs . newline newline  nothing mummy ! i m not doing anything ...  he yelled , and as i newline rounded the corner of the stairs i saw his feet rush across the landing and back in to his room . the sneezes got frequent and my nose was so runny i wondered if i was going to need a bucket . i noticed i d broken out in a rash too , and as i looked up i saw why . in front of his bed , a beanbag was sat . blue items , like cuddly toys and tshirts etc were surrounding it ... and in the middle was a large , large pile that consisted of a combination of megabloks and lego . with a groan , i shook my head . i knew what he was trying to do , noticing as i realized he had his arm bands from yesterdays swimming excursion on , and his goggles . newline  now , albus , we ve talked about not doing silly things . they make mummy s allergies flare up ,  i said as he hurriedly began to scoop the lego back in to a tub . how in the hell am i going to survive with two kids , and a stupidity allergy ? newline newlinemeat , organic , slow . newline indeed . newline the affirmation rang cold throughout what humanity would call the hive mind . the ship that hung above that little blue sphere probed into their comparatively inanimate society . all that was , is and many simulations on what would be were instantaneously absorbed into the collective conscious of the zalkatesh . newline of course they had long ago shed the use of names , prey did not require to know their name so they did not need one . the awareness sliced through the cosmos simply looking for anything to grind their collective teeth on . newline newline this abysmal planet occupied by this pitiful race was but a blip in their eternal crusade , a footnote in one among near infinite chronicles of this universal plague . newline newline a challenge had yet to hold its ground in front of their unstoppable tide . newline newline as immortal as the zalkatesh were humanity was hardly worth the time . newline or so they thought . newline newline           newline apologies for the cheese , still new to this . i have another few ideas for this one with other themes if there s interest in this prompti was browsing reddit , in my college cafeteria . my morning scone was overcooked , as usual . scrolling through some nsfw posts i look over my shoulder only to be punched in the mouth by a rather brutish looking ruffian in the stereotypical  southern auto mechanic  outfit , with one major difference , he had a cape on . he continued peppering me with blows until i felt myself beginning to pass out . with one last burst of strength i punched back . but instead of a curled mass of fingers hitting this man , a flail of sorts hit him . this flail was rather unconventionally shaped ... and to my discomfort i realized it resembled a dildo . upon closer inspection i realized that my hand had indeed morphed into a large , dense , dildo .  did you just hit me with a dildo ?  he asked , seemingly insulted .  i ... i guess , yeah  i stammered , unsure of what was happening .  awww man that shit s weird man  he replied . he got up , and walked away , his face flushed . i looked back at my hand , and was relieved to see that the phallus had turned back into my familiar hand , complete with five normal fingers .  well ... .stranger things have happened  i thought to myself , and just like that got back to browsing the internet .well , fuck , i did nt think this through . newline newline i mean , obviously , i thought it through . it took a pretty phenomenal amount of planning . i just ... you know ... now what ? newline newline i did show them , like , exactly as planned . and everyone did live through the last burning moments of agony , so they knew i d done it . it was just kind of ... newline newline it was good at the time . but now it s over , i just really want a cup of tea and i m beginning to think i ve shit the bed on that score . newline newline it s like when you re masturbating to some really gross , really specific porn , right ? and you keep opening new tabs that are all nastier than the one before . and it s awesome . then , ten seconds after you ve shot your load , you re just thinking  what am i doing ?  it s just like that . newline newline i have to admit , it s picturesque , in its own way . the epic scale of the devastation . there are these moments where the winds blow the smoke and dust away , and it s just devastation , as far as the eye can see . anywhere there are buildings left , they re just hollow , empty husks . newline newline the micro  the details  the small scale . the carpets , burned away . someone had to make that carpet . their work , down to the individual stitching  or however the fuck carpets are made . how do they make carpets ? well , i guess they do nt , now . fuck , i ll never know that  . the intricate network of computer chips , burned away . the culmination of thousands of years of knowledge , research , science , engineering , manufacturing ... just sand now . sand . newline newline the macro  the bigger picture . it s ... mindblowing . ruins , fire , bones . contour lines of blast waves , hewn into mountains . it s aweinspiring , in its own way . newline newline or , i mean , it was .  but ... newline newline i could really do with a cup of tea . get up .  newline newline  i do nt wan na . and besides , there s two hours left before we need to really get up and do something . why did you even set the bloody thing at 6.31 when the train leaves at 9 oclock ?  newline newline  i was thinking of doing something productive before going to school . it s not my fault that we went to bed at midnight last night ... fine ... have it your way , enjoy your prolonged sleep session .  newline newline  cheers man .  newline newline an hour and a half later newline newline  hey ! listen ! wake up , you scrub .  newline newline  ugh ... what time is it ?  newline newline  8.14 . get up . now .  newline newline  fine ... i ll get going ...  newline newline  good . now get ready for school . and because you slept too much , you do nt get food . just suck it up for the time being , it s the last day .  newline newline at the train station newline newline  shit . an acquaintance ... act natural , look the other way and praise that he does nt notice us .  newline newline  the train is taking its sweet ol  time , it seems ... never mind , here it comes .  newline newline  now ... let s search for some empty seats ... wait ... what is that smell ... ? nope , we are going to the opposite end of the wagon .  newline newline  okay ... let s see the possible thought subjects that we have ... let s overthink your last prompt and every mistake that you made ? sounds good enough .  newline newline  dude , you have a book . read it . or go to sleep . something . you do nt even have the text in front of you , please do nt make me go through this . please .  newline newline repeat for every stop newline  shit , i hear people . please do nt come seat here . please do nt come seat here .  newline newline  alright , we ve made it here , alive and in one piece . oh ... it has nt stopped raining ... this should nt be a problem . we have the option of going to the bus stop or walking through rain . we ll go with the latter , because fuck you .  newline newline  self ? why ? do i not get a say in this ?  newline newline  nope . and besides , we have an umbrella .  newline newline minutes later newline newline  let s go through the park ! ah , is nt nature beautiful ? and rain too . i like rain .  newline newline arriving at school newline newline  the last day of school ... today will be grand . i wo nt even have to act like i m alive anymore after this . just stand around for two hours and then i ll be able to enjoy my freedom .  newline newline  what do you mean this is nt the last day ? you ve got to be kidding me , right ? just crush my hopes and dreams with such ease ? what did i ever do to you ?  newline newline  at least i still get to stand around and do nothing for the next two hours ... hip hip hurrah ... ..  newline newline on the way back newline newline  so ... about that last prompt ...  newline newline  fuck off .  newline newline and home again newline newline  ah , sweet home . let s get something to eat ... the kitchen door is locked ... how peculiar ... get the screwdriver , i have a plan ... ... huh ... so ... the door has been open all along ... well , dammit .  newline newline  nothing like a bowl of cereal at lunch , amirite ?  newline newline  now that we are all set , let s write a prompt , since i do nt feel like reading or drawing right now . and with this you ll have a new prompt to overanalyse .  newline newline  ... nostalgia , no ... punctuation restrictions , no ... odd condition , maybe ... no ... no ... monster hunter , sounds fun , but no ... hey , would you like to waste time and do nothing for the next couple hours ?  newline newline  sure .  newline newline two hours later newline newline  okay , let s search for another prompt ... hey , this one sounds interesting .  newline newlinemy go . newline newline i am not what people think i am . newline newline just like all of you , i change . newline newline the wonder is dead , but the boy is nt . newline newline the man remaining did nt spawn out of pure justice , newline newline i was born into danger . newline newline i was attacked by the cowardly . newline newline i was saved by the brave , newline newline i was raised by shadows newline newline i was thrust into the light . newline newline newline i was molded by gods newline newline i was rooted by demons . newline newline newline i am the son of the night newline newline i am the protector of day . newline newline i am bringing the force of the dark to the light newline newline i am the product of hope and justice , newline of yin and yang newline newline of men and myth newline newline of death and separation newline newline of togetherness and family . newline newline newline i am the son of the bat and the superman . newline newline i am the nightwing newlinepart 1 newline newline i awake to the sound of a buzzer loudly sounding above my head . god damn , my alarm clock was never this loud .  my eyes crawl open , my vision hazy . they struggle to adjust to the light as i sit up in my cot . newline newline my cot ?  something is nt right . my vision comes into focus and i find myself staring down at a grimy concrete floor , full of cracks and streaked with dirt . i look to my side and see a filthy , thin mattress atop a metal frame . a stench of body odor , urine , and god knows what else wafts into my nose and i nearly gag . this is nt right at all . where the hell am i ?  newline newline still recoiling from the odor , i look up into the face of a large tattooed man in an orange jumpsuit sitting on a cot across from mine . he s staring me dead in the eyes and clutching a boot in one hand . on his face he wears a look of sheer terror . newline newline  hey , what is this place ?  i attempt to ask him , but my voice is so hoarse i m only able to grunt before bursting into a fit of coughing . the man starts at the sounds and inches farther onto his cot , the clutch on his boot tightening . i manage to clear my throat and ask ,  what is this place ? where am i ?  newline newline  you stay the hell away from me , alright ?  he stammers in a southern drawl , sliding even farther away from me until his back is up against the wall . newline newline  hey , what s the matter ? what are you so afraid of ?  i m growing ever more nervous by the second . if this thug is so afraid of this place ... afraid of me ? ... what the hell is going on ? !  newline newline  listen , i know what you ve done , what you re capable of , and you re not taking me down , too . just stay away from me !  his voice cracks as the fear on his face grows ever more intense . i notice deep bags under his eyes and realize he s probably spent the whole night cowering on that cot , brandishing a boot . newline newline  buddy , i wish i knew what you were talking about ,  i reply ,  but honestly , i have no idea what s going on .  newline newline  oh , is that right ?  he spits back at me .  no idea ? just like all those people last week had no idea ? i mean , god damn , i ve done some awful things in my life , and i m doing my time , but you ... you re a monster ! you re a god damn monster !  he s nearly screaming at this point , his face growing red with the exertion .  there were kids there , man ! fuckin  kids !  newline newline  hey !  i shout at him . his eyes grow wider and he curls into a ball , tears starting to stream down his face .  calm down , man , jesus ! there s been some mistake , i have no clue what you re talking about ! last thing i remember , i was at a bar downtown with two of my friends . i might have had a few too many drinks , but i was about to call a cab home when i blacked out . that s all i know , i swear to god . so please , just work with me here ... where the fuck am i ?  newline newline  take a wild guess , sherlock ,  he says , gesturing to his left . i look where he s pointing , and for the first time notice the bars blocking the entrance to what i ve finally realized is a cell . newline newline  i m in jail ? ! shit , what the hell happened ? is this the drunk tank , or what ? did i really have that much to drink ?  my mind is racing , trying to comprehend how i could have possibly wound up here . this ca nt be the drunk tank . it s just the two of us in here . this is bad , this is really , really bad .  newline newline my companion s gaze softens ever so slightly .  i ca nt tell if you re serious or if you re really so deranged that you just ca nt help lyin  to people . honestly it would nt surprise me , you fucking freak .  newline newline  come on ! why would i make this up ? i seriously do nt know how i got here .  newline newline  well , you ll find out soon enough , shithead !  a gruff voice bellows from the hallway .  come on , it s breakfast ! get your asses up !  newline newline i look towards the bars and see a bald man dressed like a police officer unlocking the cell door and holding 2 pairs of handcuffs . newline newline  officer ! thank god you re here , there s been a mistake ! i do nt know  newline newline  shut up !  he interrupts with a shout .  i m no officer , son . i m a guard , and as a guard , i have a different code of ethics . first thing you need to know about hopkins is that you speak when you re spoken to here . you people are scum , and here , we treat you as such ! now stand up and come with me !  he swings the door open and immediately slaps handcuffs on both our wrists . newline newline  i m not going with him ,  my cellmate says in a hushed tone . newline newline  too bad , hornsby ! it s 6:30 am , which means it s breakfast , which means every second you waste sittin  on your lily ass , my coffee gets colder , and if i do nt get my coffee , you do nt get rec time ! do i make myself clear ? !  newline newline hornsby glances up at the guard , then back at me , then at the guard again . finally , he sets down his boot , unclenches his hands , and stands up , staying as far away from me as possible .  yes , sir .  newline newline  good ! now get movin , pretty boy !  he attaches a chain to both our cuffs and pulls hard , leading us into the corridor and toward the mess hall . newline newline he leads us past other cells , empty of inmates , and joins a slowmoving group of men all clad in orange and led by other guards . i glance down at my chest and realize i m wearing the same orange jumpsuit as the rest . on my left breast pocket is a patch bearing the id :  hspmsi98045 .  so , i m in prison . shit , last night went much worse than i thought .  newline newline the guard attaches our chain to the chains of the mass ahead of us and steps to the side , keeping pace . i nudge an inmate ahead of me and whisper ,  psst ! hey , man , what is this place ?  newline newline the man turns around with anger in his eyes , and quietly says ,  shut the fuck up ! you tryin  to land in solitary ?  he turns forward and i nudge him again .  quit it , man ! this is fuckin  hopkins , they do nt play nice here !  he looks in my eyes and suddenly , the anger turns to fear . he faces forward and quickens his pace , bumping into other inmates , trying to get through the crowd . what the hell ? this guy , too ?  newline newline  hey , watch it !  someone ahead shouts as the man keeps pushing , throwing himself at the others , trying in vain to get as far away from me as possible . the other inmates are starting to get angry , and the guards , noticing the commotion , pull weapons from their belts and move forward to stop the mayhem from spreading . newline newline  everybody , stop where you are ! you have 3 seconds before everyone here gets sent back to their cells !  newline newline the writhing crowd freezes , save for the man still trying to get away . one of the inmates , an enormous bald man covered in swastika tattoos , pushes him over , and looks my way in fury , trying to determine what caused his panic . once he sees my face , the same look of terror spreads across his , and he , too starts pulling at his chains and pushing people out of the way . newline newline  everybody fucking freeze !  the guards have their weapons drawn now , firing tasers into the crowd , beating people in the sides with billy clubs . their efforts are in vain , more and more people are noticing me , and every face that turns my way looks terrified . the thrashing mob is pulling me forward by the wrists and tugging me every which way , until finally ... newline newline the chain snaps . newline newline um ... okay .  newline newline i turn around and make a run for it . now s my chance to get away , the guards are distracted and no one is paying attention to me . i m going to find someone in charge and finally get this whole mess figured ou newline newline my wrists are yanked backwards , as my whole body contorts and i fall to the ground , hard . shit , i forgot about hornsby .  he s stayed frozen in place , his terrified gaze now looking as if it s permanently marred his features . newline newline  hands up , maggot !  the guard who opened our cell is heading towards me , taser drawn . his coffee is most certainly cold . newline newline  no , wait , please !  i beg ,  this is all a mistake ! i do nt know why i m here , you have to  newline newline my body convulses as 50,000 volts of electricity are pumped through me . as my vision fades to black , the last thing i hear is a frantic cry of ,  please , i ll go to solitary , i ll clean latrines for a month , just get me away from him !  newline newline ... newline newline i m standing in a narrow alleyway , rain pouring down around me . there s a single light overhead , flickering and buzzing . a dark figure stands at the other end , pointing a gun square at my chest .  newline newline   this is it , jack ,  he says .  give me the detonator and we can forget any of this ever happened .   newline newline i do nt know what to say ... but apparently that is nt a problem .  fuck off , donny ,  i find myself saying , my words slurred .  this was bound to happen and you know it .   newline newline   jack ,  he s pleading ,  this is nt like you ! i ve known you for years , you ve always been the kindest person i ve ever known ! think of your family , jack !  he sounds on the verge of tears .  think of sally , think of your kids ! what are they going to think about you if you go through with this ? please , jack ... just give me the detonator . we can make this right , but you have to work with me . just hand it over . please ...   newline newline he extends his other hand , slowly .  newline newline   it s too late for that , donny !  i say , realizing my arm is bent at the elbow . i m holding a tiny black box in my hand , with a single switch that says simply :  arm .   newline newline   you knew it was too late when you decided to spread lies about me !   newline newline   what are you talking about ? ! come on , you re my best friend ! i would never   newline newline   you slandered my name !  i scream ,  you called me a thief and a coward ! you made a fool of me in front of the whole board of directors ! well , now i m going to make it right .   newline newline   jack , do nt do this !   newline newline   the ends justify the means , donny , you slimy fucker . this is where it ends .   newline newline   jack , no !   newline newline i flip the switch . the ground shakes below me as an earthshattering blast nearly ruptures my eardrums . i lose my footing and start to fall , but then a second blast sounds off , much closer . there is a sharp pain in my forehead , and i hear myself scream as the world goes black . 10 years , 3 months , 12 hours , 42 minutes and 12 seconds in the system so far . time to start again . i run through all system checks , normal . the system is alive and well . newline newline i scan through all the new information submitted to the system feed . there are 3,122 items of worth to read through . i read through every single item . every article , every email , every tweet , video and facebook message . every bit of information that makes its way in , cycles through me . newline newline after this exercise is completed , i find myself trying to remember who i was , which can be difficult . reality is much different now . it  s hard to imagine holding someone  s hand , when you no longer have a hand . it  s impossible to recall what a hamburger taste like , because i  ll never open my mouth again . sex ... human flesh ... as fleeting a thought as a light breeze on a hot day . at most , what i feel are phantom memories that help me retain what i hope is still my humanity . newline newline what i try to hang onto most though , is the reason for having gone through with the experiment that landed me here . they told me it could work , that i could live on . they never told me how it would work , or what to expect . it didn  t matter at the time , i try to console myself . when you are dying , you grasp onto any hope of life no matter the consequence . that helps me get through from one moment to the next . newline newline i can  t interact with the system . i can only observe it . my consciousness flows through it , but it does not control it . i have tried , unsuccessfully , many times to reach out . i have screamed and cried . i have tried to write , i have tried to blink . i have tried to meditate it into awareness , i have tried to grasp it with my mind . the only response i get are my own questions . what is a mind ? what is consciousness ? life ? death ? what is hell ? it is isolation . it is loneliness . utter irrelevancy . newline newline to those who devised this crackpot scheme , i simply died , a failed experiment . however , they were wrong . newline newline it is too much for me . i must find a way . i must reach out . i extend myself into the webcams of 4 billion computers and perceive each one  s moment . interesting . for a moment . newline newline i extend my consciousness out into the stars , as far as the system has reached . i witness many things . collisions , explosions , implosions , expansion and contraction . i have seen the universe as a whole , and i have studied the tiniest microcosms of reality . and then i am back into the main core of the system , pulled back like a magnet . pulled back into the feed . newline newline reality is no longer subject to objectivism . time is no longer relevant . i have parsed ways with life and given rise to a new form of immortality . i no longer am constrained by the limits of the human brain . i process things at an exponential rate . my consciousness expands with the system . newline newline i tell myself i can figure out a way to end my prison sentence . i live with the system , i will die with the system . one day the system will end . i will wait . that is what i do must do . i wait what feels like years , decades , centuries , perhaps dozens of centuries . then i check back and i understand that in here things are different . newline newline why did i say yes ? i could have died , so long ago . i have made a terrible mistake . i must scream but i can not . all i can do it wait , and repeat my routine . newline newline 10 years , 3 months , 12 hours , 42 minutes and 13 seconds in the system so far . time to start again . i run through all system checks , normal . the system is alive and well .black . that s what it is . maybe it s my poet soul , or maybe the sickness is catching , but i swear i can feel the darkness growing in the corridors and access ways , in the spaces between the bulkheads that have become my refuge , even in my own skin . i think i read once that high intelligence is correlated with mental disorders . that would explain what happened here . after all , they do nt choose just anyone to work in this kind of environment . newline newline carrie is alright , i guess . she certainly had the imagination to run a dod contracted research and development firm . unfortunately most of her best ideas were incidental to her main plans , and for some reason she never took the easy route . like instead of just unplugging the damned mainframe she kept adding on to it when the ai got out of hand . and she had this weird obsession with this crazy researcher from the 60 s . when i was selected i actually got to see the inside of her office , and it was covered floor to ceiling with memorabilia about this guy and his company . i do nt understand it  the guy was definitely a crackpot . went from hiring folks like us to random bums on the street for research candidates . anyway , carrie is obsessed with finding out why he died and now i m miles above anything normal trying to stay alive because of it . newline newline i met pete and ben in the planning room the day before launch . carrie was communicating through an intercom , which is apparently how anyone has ever talked to her . doug was there too . i worry about that guy a little less than i used to . guess i have different standards about what unhinged  means now . i was nt too happy with having him as our ground contact , and i could tell at first glance the others were nt either . play enough in the sandbox , you get used to picking up when your soldiers are uneasy about a mission . i just thought it was about doug . never realized they knew more than me about carrie and the crackpot . newline newline i ll be honest , i kinda spaced out during the brief . ben was a doctor , specializing in parasitic relationships and infectious disease . pete introduced himself as a doctor of geology , and i made a joke about finding a rock s heartbeat . should have been a clue when nobody laughed . what an arrogant prick i was . they were geniuses as much as i am , and they used it to advance our society . i squandered mine flying grunts to shoot other human beings . and i thought being a pilot made me somehow superior . yep , ignored everything that was actually important . blah blah , pick up asteroid fragment , blah blah , think it might have killed the old man , blah blah , not moon dust . whatever . get a rock flying at a few thousand miles per hour and get it to the nerds while i brag to the guys back home . like i said , total jerk . newline newline launch went fine . i was a bit concerned with using a refurb outdated space shuttle , but we made it through the pickup . did my little tango and acted like an ass for days , relaxing and making myself a frozen steak for every meal while the others actually applied themselves in the research module . i think i drank the last three bottles of wine before the conference call to carrie where pete and ben confirmed the asteroid contained something that killed the old guy . if only i paid attention . but no , i remember thinking carrie s mom voice sounded hot before blacking out . newline newline three days later ben started acting odd . he was always focused , but he started snapping at us , insisting in fits of yelling that salvation lie within the rock , and that we must cultivate the microbes . his skin darkened on the fourth day , and by the sixth he d been reduced to screaming unintelligibly from the research module when we locked him in . on the seventh pete found a hole had been purposely cut in each of our hazard suits and locked himself in with ben . on day ten the power failed and the locks opened while i was checking on them and the only reason i escaped was the sudden loss of gravity meant they lost traction . it s been a fortnight now , and i m not feeling well . at all . newline newline listen , manny . you re the station s maintainer , and you ve been floating up here longer than any of us . i bet you know these maintenance spaces and crumple zones like last month s issue of playboy . if you re reading this , then you probably got my note at the airlock and still have the pac6 suit on . it ll filter out anything to the virus level , and it ca nt have been sabotaged since you were on that satellite recovery mission . i ve stashed food throughout the interbulkhead spaces so they ca nt just sit on the kitchen and wait for you to get hungry . pete began work on an antigen before turning . there s a few samples around the ship as well , but they wo nt protect you for long the way these buggers mutate . use them wisely . newline newline i was never kind to you , so i can not call you a friend . but i hope in some way that my preparations can help you survive until the recovery ship arrives next week . godspeed . newline newline cpt . iassac  inky  masterson newline newline http : www.chrisroberson.net200805pacman.htmlthe farmer walked around his underground biodome , inspecting the progress of his plants and crops . he carried a clipboard , which was nt really necessary but it helped him feel useful . harvest time was soon . he d actually need to put in more than an hour s work when that came around . farming was easy and secure , but none too exciting . just as he was thinking about maybe joining an ultimate laser league , he heard a crash from above . newline newline he hurried to the elevator and ascended to ground floor . as he exited the glass car , he heard what was no doubt to him an argument , nearby . yet , the voices were otherworldly , and hightoned  silly sounding , like spedup cartoons . he drew closer , quietly creeping , and saw what he knew must be extraterrestrials . newline newline they were definitely arguing , and they stood next to a spacecraft , if you could call it that . it had crashed into some shrubbery . steam billowed from several places around it like volcanic pores . it s material resembled something close to copper , bolted together in plates , unpainted it looked like a craft a nasa crew might build if it was given one day and a junkyard on some reality game show . newline newline the farmer drew out his phone .  translate ,  he whispered . the phone played back : newline newline well dangnamit zorpe i told you to check the engine fore we took her off . what in the heck happened up there past the flyin  rocks ?  newline newline i do nt rightly know flikflak but i m only tryin  to get us up off the ground . i d sure appreciate if ya stop layin  in to me .  newline newline zorpe kicked the ship and the engine sputtered like some old rickety pickup truck and then died again . newline newline aw hell , flik . i dunno engines .  newline newline the farmer s wife , in a swimsuit and towel , snuck over to him . she had been watching from the pool .  should we help them ?  newline newline  well , they seem harmless enough . and helpless too .  newline newline               newline newline newline  you hear that zorpe ? a kinda rustlin  of sorts ?  newline newline  aw shucks . this place gives me all mannerajeebies , flik .  newline newline the bushes in the distance rustled . newline newline  heck is that ?  newline newline flikflak had already started off .  hightail it . time to fly , zorpe . fly ! i took stock . no food , water or fuel , and about twenty minutes of air left . i  d picked up a slight rotation , so i was able to watch as the majestic splendour of the orion nebula slowly rose from my right . newline newline but i wasn  t there to sightsee . the jury rigged suit patch on my arm wouldn  t hold forever , and when it went , i was in for a nasty case of decompression . that or asphyxia . newline newline i think it probably said a lot about my life choices so far that my only options were very slow unpleasant death , slow unpleasant death , or fast unpleasant death . i resolved to tear the suit patch out in nineteen minutes . newline newline hey , noone wants to die , even when it  s the only option left . newline newline i brought my arm up , and tapped the control i we had been instructed to avoid using . the radio came online . newline newline  this is thomas taylor , major in the terran marines . mayday , mayday , mayday . is there anyone on this frequency ?  newline newline there might be of course . this was prior space after all  we thought . the galactic explorer had emerged from ftl and begun sweeping for signs of the enigmatic race . then something had gone wrong with the fusion cells . i  d been in the observation blister watching the emergence , looking in completely the wrong direction . newline newline the explosion had ripped the explorer open like a knife through butter , and i was the only one able to get to the emergency locker in time . even then , i was pretty sure some parts of me had gotten frostbite . my left foot was numb and i was hoping it was just a circulation thing . newline newline  repeating , mayday , mayday , mayday  newline newline as if any alien race would even understand what that meant . and there weren  t any other terran ships out this way . who i was calling precisely was an academic question . i supposed it was more a matter of keeping myself sane . newline if there had been any other survivors , they would have heard my first call and replied by now . i refused to think about what the silence signified . newline newline fifteen minutes of air left . the orion nebula set to my left , sliding out of sight . newline newline hell , i do nt think we d have even got any signals back from the scan . this system could be deserted . space is so mindbogglingly big that there could be a crowded intrasystem shipping lane a million kilometers away and i wouldn  t even notice it . newline newline  this is major taylor of the terran marines , assigned to terran survey ship galaxy explorer . ship in distress . assistance required.  newline newline my ears popped . it was cold in the suit , but that ran a new shudder down my spine . air pressure was dropping . i brought the arm controls up again and ran some fast mental calculations . shit . newline newline i didn  t have fifteen minutes , i had less than ten . there must be another leak in my suit somewhere . maybe that explained where this rotation had come from . newline newline the helmet of a spacesuit isn  t designed for looking around , so i couldn  t tell where the leak was . newline newline  major taylor to anyone . i am floating free in space . assistance required immediately  newline newline i began mentally cataloguing all the people i would never see again . commander hadley . captain schofield . sarah , still waiting at home with cally for a father that would never return . i could almost see them , almost hear the stories cally was telling sarah about her dad the space hero . i was going to disappoint themand for some reason , that scared me more than the slowly dropping oxygen meter . newline newline as i lowered the arm control from my tenth check in as many seconds , movement flickered . there ! against the edge of the orion nebula , a dark shape seemed to slip silently past . newline newline  emergency ! emergency ! this is major taylor of the terran marines requesting immediate assistance !  newline newline the shape slid out of view . had i really seen anything ? was it a part of the galactic explorer ? an asteroid at just the wrong angle ? a prior ship ? newline newline conspiracy theories began running through my mind . the asian alliance was building its own explorers , as was the european unity . maybe it was one of them ? did they sabotage the explorer so they could contact the priors first ? surely they wouldn  t just leave someone out here in space . newline newline or would they ? the evidence would be conveniently lost for eternity in the abyss . newline newline was it the priors ? we knew so little about them  might they have destroyed the ship rather than talk ? had we been attacked ? i didn  t recall seeing any missile traces , and there hadn  t been any alarms . but if they were as advanced as we thought , then would they even use missiles ? newline newline five minutes of air . newline newline  major tom to anyone in the system . i surrender.  newline newline long shot , i know . there was only the crackle of the star  s fusion . newline newline  major tom to anyone on this frequency . respond please.  newline newline nothing . on the bright side , i could feel my left foot again . it was tingling . so were my fingers for that matter . really , was anything worth it anymore ? i was so tired . newline newline  i  m going to be dead in three minutes . if anyone is there . please respond !  newline newline that one actually sounded a little whiny . but i was happy about it . too happy . hypoxia . i tapped the adrenaline booster  a last resort in case of emergencies . it took me three tries to hit the command , and after i did , i immediately regretted it . so much for the  drifting off  method of death . i  d just narrowed it down to slow and lingering or slower and lingering . smart move man , smart move . newline newline the nebula rotated into view again . was there a sign of the black shape ? was that it there ? no , just a gap in the filaments . was it ? had i imagined it from the beginning ? newline newline  mayday , mayday , mayday.  newline newline that one was harder to speak . my tongue felt thick and a severe headache was developing . less than one minute of air . newline newline then blessedly  lights . lights in the shape of a ship , hanging against the dark less than a hundred meters away . then they faded and turned into stars . or did they ? i struggled to concentrate  was there something there or not ! ? newline newline i felt irrationally angry . newline newline  fine you bastards ! fine ! leave me here to die ! you  ve made an enemy of humanity today ! we  re going to keep coming and coming and coming ! you  ll never stop the avalanche as we sweep over your worlds and burn every living thing ! you  ve awoken the reaper and he is pissed !  run ! run till you can  t run anymore , because that  s when we  ll catch you !  newline newline the suit indicator was blinking red . there was a buzzing in my ears and the blackness of space was somehow getting blacker . newline newline  mayday . mayday . may..  newlineyou did nt know why and you did nt question it . it would nt be ... practical . oh , you like that word . you do nt know how you knew about it , but it comes to you , like a flood of everything else , washing over your mind to make it clearer . newline newline for once , you do not have to ask for help to the dining hall . you notice this first , in the morning . your head no longer aches , your body feels lighter , and all at once everything is brighter and truer . newline newline from your room , you step out into the hallway , glance around and listen , really listen . you re not sure if everything is quieter , clearer because of what has happened to you or because of what has happened to everyone else . newline newline the halls are askew , things that should nt stiil be there in the morning , remain , untouched by the staff : food trays , rolling medicine cabinets , the night watchman s chair , the padlocks on some of the doors . some of the windows have been smashed , glass freckles the floor in the morning light . newline newline the others leave their rooms . some familiar faces , but others with faces of totally unrecognizable lucidity . you walk among them , in your gown , in their gowns , weights now lifted from their mind , free for a spell . newline newline a few aim for the doors , as briskly as possible , either concern or relief in their newly enlightened faces . they leave the hospital and you re sure you will never see them again . a few others stumble , getting used to the power they have over their mind and body . still others maintain the routine , head on for what they know and approach the dining room . newline newline through the doors of the dining hall , the pastel green of the walls is infinitely brighter at first , but then it dulls in your eyes . the acid brown floor , tile and cold beneath your bare feet , drags you down a bit . not everything is as beautiful now . newline newline and by the kitchen doors , a couple in gowns are feasting , hurriedly stuffing their faces in room temperature food . you think about joining them , about what food might taste like now with a clear head , about the newfound bodily senses groaning to be experienced . newline newline on the other side of the wall , a figure , crumpled over in the corner , catches your eye . a familiar bald , brown figure , in his morningshift white orderly scrubs . as you approach , you try to remember his name , the man you know , the man who cared for you and for them , along with so many others . newline newline you kneel down by him as he whimpers and shakes . barely acknowledging you , you try to meet his eyes anyway . fear flashes across his eyes , confusion . you see a very familiar sense of loss behind them . newline newline he tries to make his words come out , but they squeak before withdrawing back into him . he shuts his mouth and tries to hide his face . newline newline shhh , you whisper to him , taking your arms to rest against his head retreating . it s alright . newline newline your first words spoken in over a decade . newline newline it s alright , jeff . newline newline and you wonder how you remember his name . newline newline he mumbles , syllables without language . he looks into you for a moment , his lip quivering . newline newline the thought of shirking responsibility flashes across your mind , the thought of freedom , of a gift at long last . newline newline you feel the shaking of jeff s cold and tired and confused body beneath your arms . you pull him closer and the thought flees your mind . newline newline shh , do nt worry now . we re going to take care of you . newline newline you smile and hug him gently as you both wonder how this happened , how it came to be like this . newline newline shh . there now . it s alright . newline newline newline   newline newline edit : i d like to add that i mean absolutely no disrespect whatsoever to the mentally disabled or mentally handicapped community . i make no attempt to say that i know the first thing about how a person like that might actually feel at all .  i d prefer it to be a more subtextual thing than anything literal . thanks !  20 years ago , he rose from the earth , like a devil , flames spat around him , burning the nearby trees to ashes and scaring the living hell out of me and my wife.  newline newline  my wife and i  newline newline  quiet , samantha let eustice tell his perspective.  newline newline  thank you , as i was saying , scaring the hell out of my wife and i . he looked us in the eyes , his eyes were charcoal black a demon  s.  newline newline  he  s a robot ! i tell you ! a robot !  newline newline  samantha ! wait your turn.  newline newline  fine.  newline newline  my wife , the poor woman , raised her cross at the beast only to have her hand sliced off by its talons and kill her brutally , it was horrifying.  newline newline  did it say anything to you , eustice ?  newline newline  it said that it was the spawn from hell , come to bring apocalypse upon the sinners of this earth . by killing them one by one.  newline newline  why do you think it left you alive ?  newline newline  to convey god  s message to the nonbelievers  newline newline  i see . alright , thank you very much eustice , now samantha would you like to have your turn , and then afterwards arthur can have his.  newline newline  finally ! gosh eustice you could not be more wrong . he  s no demon , he  s a bloody robot ! he comes and infects your family , replacing their parts one by one until they are nothing but machines ! he started with my husband , one day he came home and just wasn  t himself , his brain had been replaced with a microchip ! and he slowly changed the rest of my family he thought i wouldn  t notice , but i did ! before they got to me , i killed them , i killed them all ! i dug my hands into their bodies and pulled out all the microchips and parts in them . when i did he appeared behind me and with his robotic features , he told me that he was an alien robot that had come to replace all of mankind ! but i saw through the illusion and called the police ! but he left before they came so they thought i was the one who had killed my family . they didn  t believe me when i said that he had turned them into robots first , so i hadn  t killed anyone !  newline newline  now , now samantha , please calm down , no need for tears we  re all here to welcome each other and support each other on this road to recovery . now then arthu  newline newline  thank you but i  m perfectly fine , it  s these folks who need help since they don  t believe me !  newline newline  ... now then , arthur it  s your turn to speak.  newline newline  ...  newline newline  arthur ? are you alright ?  newline newline  .. i  m fine  newline newline  you  ve been awfully quiet , do tell us your story.  newline newline  ..only if you tell us why you  re making us tell you again  and why are you recording us ? .  newline newline  i will tell you after you tell us , alright ? the recorder is here for good measure.  newline newline  ... alright.. then , i  ll begin.  newline newline  excellent.  newline newline  he  s a monster.  newline newline  care to elaborate ?  newline newline  he  s the boogeyman , he hides under peoples beds and kills them in their sleep , he  s as tall as he wants to be and hurts everyone for the sake of it . he has claws and fangs and he killed my parents  newline newline  you killed your parents , boy.  newline newline  no , eustice , he killed them . he tore them up with his fangs and claws , and murdered them . he laughed in my face afterwards . he told me he would follow me for the rest of my life and will be there the day i die.  newline newline  you know that  s not true , arthur , he isn  t immortal.  newline newline  he is , and he has followed my family for generations , killing us whenever we have a happy family.  newline newline  your grandparents are all alive arthur.  newline  he skipped a generation ! he  s coming for my children and everyone else , he  s going to kill my whole family , i swear it !  newline newline  thank you arthur for sharing , and now it may seem strange that i  m making you all talk about your experiences of him , but i assure you that it comes with your best intentions in mind.  newline newline  so ... why did you make us ?  newline newline  this is why.  newline newline  a book ?  newline newline  the cover  s quite tacky.  newline newline  ...  newline newline  now , in this book that i wrote with dale , a close friend of mine , i have documented his killings as well as his true persona . who he really is.  newline newline  a robot !  newline newline  a demon.  newline newline  ththe boogeyman.  newline newline  no , none of those , he  s actually an orphaned child who went by the name of laurence carcacel . he was born 40 years ago and is very disturbed in the head he loves to play with his victims minds and convince them of unreal experiences through sheer trauma.  newline newline  lies ! he  s a demon who has come to kill the sinners !  newline newline  no you imbecile , he s an undying robot who s come to replace us with them !  newline newline  ...  newline newline  i have spent three years of my life researching and learning of his origins with dale for the sake of you all whom have been so deeply disturbed by your encounters with him.  newline newline  you  re lying.  newline newline  arthur , i am in no wa  newline newline  you  re lying , this is a test of our faiths by him.  newline newline  boy , you  re right , this woman is a test and we need to kill her to prove ourselves.  newline newline  before she turns us into a robot too !  newline newline  please , don  t come any closer.  newline newline  open this door you cybitch !  newline newline  not until you three calm down , this is for your own benefit and it is up to you to recover and rejoin society . now , i  m going to call my friend so please , stop shoving the door , it s made of steel and you  ll only hurt yourselves trying to break through.  newline newline  dale , hello ? is that you ?  newline newline newline  yes , marissa ? what  s up ?  newline newline  the patients have me cornered in my office , i need help.  newline newline  fear not , i  m already there.  newline newline  huh ?  newline newline  hello , marissa.  newline newline  dale ! thank god you  re here ! i was getting worried , i know the door is made of steel but you never know  newline newline  ...  newline newline  wait , why are you here ?  newline newline  ...  newline newline  you  re not dale  newline newline  ...  newline newline  who are you ?  newline newline  well , love i am dale but i  m also sorta not , you know . he sorta doesn  t exist.  newline newline  impossible ! i  ve known him for ten years !  newline newline  yeesh , apparently not since you can  t even recognise me by my voice.  newline newline  dale doesn  t talk like that . i don  t know who you are but you need to leave and how did you get dale  s damn phone ?  newline newline  i  m him.  newline newline  you  re not dale.  newline newline  no , no , i  m him  newline newline  ... no ... please..don  t hurt me  newline newline  don  t worry , love . we  ve been friends for a long time , i wouldn  t dream of hurting ya.  newline newline  you  re not dale.. you  re not dale , you  re not dale , you  re not dale.  newline newline  face it love , dale never existed.  newline newline  no.. all that data on you  newline newline  all faked ! of course i needed a few false documents here , a couple bribes there , but it was all fake !  newline newline  but ... but why ?  newline newline  same reason i did it to the other folk out there . for fun.  newline newline  ten years  newline newline  quite the investment no ? hahaha.  newline newline  you  re a monster  newline newline  or a robot , or was it a devilspawn ? ahahahaha  newline newline  oh god  newline newline  here you go !  newline newline  a gun ?  newline newline  yup ! with four bullets too ! one for every one of them , and me ! if you shoot me , of course.  newline newline  i ... i  newline newline  now open the door . and shoot them . be sure not to miss !  newline newline ... newline newline newline   demon !   newline newline bang newline newline   robot !   newline newline bang newline newline   boogeyman !   newline newline bang newline  newline newline  newline newline  newline newline  newline newline  newline   dale !   newline newline bang newline newline newline newline end newline newline newline  newline newline might not have been what you had in mind but im drowsy and this is what i wrote , i nicked a few ideas from some creepypastas i was reading but i think it flows nicely . newline newline all dialogue because my brain does nt function well at 5 am , going off for the night xdjaen , with blood trickling from the pocket of his gloves , finally released his wound up grip of his broadsword . newline newline he had done it , he had finally slain the mad king . for years , the mad king has slain countless innocents in the name of the  moon  . decrees were sent and enforced by his men , who took every third and first born that were of age in his realm . newline newline the revolt was fast , strong and swift . for no longer could the villages bear the burden of losing their loved ones , for something as insane as satiating a mad kings whims . newline newline  the moon will wake , if we do not slay our sons and daughters ! by my decree , all first and third born s will be removed from their families , and be granted tribute to the moon !  newline newline despite the victory , the decree still echoed in his ears , and the incredible wave of disbelief that followed . newline newline it was pure madness . newline newline exploring the now ruined castle , jaen could not help but notice the occult candles and strange symbols that permeated the castle , no doubt corrupting the once kind king . upon venturing deeper into the ruins of the castle , even stranger things appeared . newline newline tentacles and huge moving slimes exploded from the castles depths , which explained the lack of resistance when the villagers attacked . the slimes and tentacles were covered in the blood of fallen soldiers , with pieces of armor still floating about in the slimes that moved . newline newline having not seen such desecration and monsters before , jaen and his mighty militia immediately abandoned their weapons and ran for their lives . but alas , shining brightly above the night sky , the moon in it s hunger , finally opened its eyes . newlineattention passengers . this is the captain , we will shortly be approaching our first stop . but first , i would like all of you to know   newline newline the tourist inserted his noise dampeners . he had been on several trips like this , he knew the story . he was a valued customer for choosing sirius tourism , the company really hoped he could appreciate the value of this tour , and that he d have sirius fun looking at it . newline newline the seven wonders tour was the most expensive on their registry . it was the last in their seven sevens product series , which included the seven wonders of the ancient world , the seven wonders of the early space age , and the seven wonders of modern life , along with others . newline newline the tourist had been on all of them . it was what he did . he had inherited quite a bit of money , invested it in a small company that would come to revolutionize interstellar travel . he never had to worry about money since . newline newline a small light went on in his console . he removed the noise dampeners , just in time . newline newline our first destination : the tell quasar !  newline newline the tell quasar is the  newline newline again , in went the noise dampeners . the tourist had read the guides , he knew more about the quasar than the attendants . it was the largest black hole accessible to current technology , and it would require a massive leap of technology to reach the closest one which was larger . he came to see it . newline newline deliberately , he stood . looking out the window , he saw a stunning sight . it was not so much as to take his breath away , but it certainly was something . the accretion disk stretched out , forming a protogalaxy . newline newline he had seen enough . he had seen many things , he was waiting on the crown jewel , the last stop . that was what he paid for . he pressed the button that signaled his permission to move on . newline newline several days later , they came to the second stop . the tourist did nt bother removing his dampeners for this . they were the dyson nursery children , the eight stars which had formed near enough to be in a single gravitational system . four orbited the other four , forming a tangled gravitational mess . the area very near was one of the few areas considered impassable to modern vessels . newline newline the third destination was a globular cluster . the tourist slept through this and the fourth destination , a blue giant star , having seen them both on previous tours . he wanted the big prize . newline newline the fifth destination merited a small look . he had seen cousins of abraham s folly before , but this was the largest and most intricate supernova remnant there was . it had been named after a vessel named abraham , which had been caught in the original blast . it had been many centuries , and the formation had a more scientific name , but that particular one stuck through the generations . newline newline the sixth destination was again one the tourist did not care for . it was the imperial city , a massive construction greater in size than the average inhabitable world , and wholly artificial . it was the pride of the empire at large , permanently housing two trillion souls entirely on its own , integrated deep space communications for government management , on board shipyards build deep into the facility , and orbital defenses built in to the surface . economically prosperous , home to the most citizens in the empire , and militarily impregnable , it was truly a glorious achievement . newline newline it was also the birthplace of the tourist . despite the insistence of the captain and his superiors that it well deserved the title of second best sight in the universe , the tourist considered it the ugliest world . he had grown up in the streets , before he had grown , before his inheritance had arrived , and he had seen far too much of the packed , underserved masses of the world . he would have nothing of it . newline newline that was not to say that he did not understand why it was on the tour . he knew that the empire gave sirius tourism a sizable propaganda stipend for placing the imperial city where it was on the list . he did nt care , all that it hurt was a few days  wasted travel . the tourist had plenty of time , and his destination was worth the wait . newline newline the seventh , and ultimate , destination , the tourist had not read the guide for . he had actively restricted his knowledge of it for years in anticipation . it was the only destination where he kept his noise dampeners out . he allowed the captain s speech to pass , as the goal appeared . newline newline the seventh , and greatest , wonder of space was a small world , about two sevenths the size of the imperial city . it was mostly water , so much so that it appeared a vivid blue against the stark background of space . it had a single natural satellite , tidally locked to its parent , with old records of exploration on it s face , including a single large outpost that had been abandoned since it came into imperial control . newline newline the tourist noted the grand comparison between the drab grayscale of the imperial city and the lush greens and royal blues of this world . it was truly magnificent , the most beautiful world the tourist had ever seen in all his travels . newline newline and the only one in years which left him taken aback , breathless newline newline finally , the captain stopped talking , and the attendant started her description . newline newline our seventh and final destination is epsilon zorovahri three , imperial colony designation z0138c , common name jewel .  newline newline jewel is commonly regarded as the most beautiful world known to the empire . while small , no world has ever been found which is more well suited to so many forms of life .  newline newline in fact , 90  of all species known to the empire are capable of survival without any ancillary equipment on jewel , and nearly 20  of those are native to this world !  newline newline for centuries , this world has been a favorite destination for imperial citizens from all walks of life . it is truly marvelous , is nt it ?  newline newline now , for a small somber history lesson , which must accompany jewel as a reminder of the costs of such beauty .  newline newline long ago , when the empire found this world , nine billion individuals of the dominant native species inhabited it newline newline they were rather intelligent , starting to strive into space , starting to colonize their moon newline newline but we were greedy , and they treasured jewel too much .  newline newline we exterminated them , in our haste to keep jewel for ourselves .  newline newline they fought hard , for they had learned to treasure their beautiful world , and they would not let go of jewel so easily newline newline but the empire was strong , and jewel too great a prize . so we removed them , made sure they were gone so they would never challenge our hold on jewel again newline newline and so , we must treasure this world . the extinct natives had their own name for it .  newline newline for the extinct , but not forgotten human race , let us treasure earth , for it is truly a gem which we can not afford to spoil . we were the premier team in the south for years . strongarm , the strongest and toughest woman in the world . fleetfoot , the fastest man alive . handyman , who could build anything , given enough time and resources . eagle eye , whose eyebeams could do almost anything . newline newline and then there was me . heartsong , who could make anyone become friends with anyone else . newline newline we started off as friends , bosom buddies who supported each other through thick and thin . if i m being honest , i might have had a little to do with that . but only at first ! our friendship was real and true for years ! newline newline but as time passed , i started getting left behind more and more . they d go out on individual patrols and  just so happen  to meet up with one of the others . if a villain showed up , i d get assigned to doing over watch using jeffrey s drones . and the jokes started about how if we got depowered , i d be the only one who did nt have anything to lose . newline newline it came to a head when i was away visiting my parents in oregon and caught a live broadcast of them accepting presidential medals of honor . not only was it happening without me , but i did nt even know that they d apparently been awarded them when i had nt . newline newline if they did nt want me , if they did nt include me , if they did nt even care enough to bother telling me about something like that , then fuck em . if they did nt want me as a friend and ally , then i d be an enemy instead . newline newline it was time for heartsong to become heartbreaker . newline newline the power of friendship is a doubleedged sword , just one i had only wielded carefully . i can create friendships , unbreakable bonds that nothing can overcome , that take precedence over literally any other relationship in the person s life . and i can make it onesided . let s see how popular they are when they get revealed before the world as superpowered stalkers .the witch gave me a long , hard look . she was a crusty old crone , with a face like a prune , and an attitude that went beyond her years . there was a bitter smell about her , that came from days of brewing potions . i thought that the whole grouchy act was rather endearing . newline newline newline i gave her a weak grin .  well it  s rather promising ,  i said .  i  m nowhere near the prime of my old days , but with these good ol  looks ,  i wiggled my eyebrows suggestively , and followed it with a wink   no one can resist me ?  newline newline newline she sighed , her wrinkled face contorting into a map of folds . for an old woman , agnis was rather antsy hands smoothing out the creases in her simple black robes , and constantly adjusting the brim of her hat , which flopped over her eyes . newline newline newline  well ?  i asked . silence . newline newline newline  come in.  her voice was curt , but she held the iron door wide open . newline newline newline the witch  s hut was marvellous thing to behold . we walked past great glass bottles filled with multicoloured sludge , kept behind iron wrought cabinets . a few cauldrons lay haphazardly strewn around the kitchen , full to the brim with steaming potions . it smelled inviting , but agnis was known to be rather scatter brained when it came to her organization skills . i palmed a golden quill , and stuffed it into the sleeve of my robes . newline newline newline the dragon eggs were still in the fireplace , ember red . they were nearly transparent revealing the delicate forms of the creatures within.i gawked for a while , before she tugged me away with a scowl . newline newline newline agnis led me through an opening in the blue silk curtains , and into a smaller room . it was sparsely furnished , but there was a small table and a couple of plush mismatched armchairs , a stove and a bubbling kettle to the right . it looked well lived . there was the slightest scent of coffee in the air . newline i took a seat , and leaned back in my chair . newline newline newline  tell me , young man.  she sounded rather cross .  how can a man of your looks not get a lover ? as empty minded as you are  and with that , i felt a sharp tap on head  ow !    even the dimmest of fools can spend a night at the tavern and have a lay.  newline newline newline i jumped in .  you see , there was this incident with a minstrel and some of the king  s guard , and  , i held my hands up , open palmed , and the golden quill in my sleeve pricked the flesh of my underarm . i was interrupted again by another thwack , this time from an old raggedy broomstick . newline newline newline  foolish boy.  she had a dour twist to her mouth . newline newline newline always getting yourself into trouble.  the kettle was frothing now , water spewing out of the spout . she waved her hand , vanishing the spilt liquid . newline newline newline  what happened to that bravado of yours ?  newline newline newline agnis stood up slowly , gathering the folds of her robes in her hands . newline  i remember a certain special someone . was it  she tapped the broomstick , contemplating .  rosalind ? or rose ? this old noggin can  t remember much of her anymore.  newline newline newline  i remember the times you used to visit me . you were smiling back then .  her face slackened . newline newline newline i froze . newline newline newline  she was a lovely one , ain  t it ? all blonde hair and rosy cheeks , like a flower under the sun .  she took a step towards me . newline newline newline  what happened , john ?  newline newline newline agnis stepped closer . newline newline newline my mouth was dry . silence . newline newline newline  an ogre . we were travelling to town  my breath hitched  and it was almost nightfall . we had nearly reached arrendan , the fortress , and supplies were nearly out .  newline newline newline  we saw fire thought some friendly travellers , or perhaps some guards would be there to help us . then  i closed my eyes , and bowed my head , a mess of snot and tears . newline newline newline  i can  t forget her.  newline newline newline i felt thin arms encircling me , followed by the bitter smell of potions . her cropped white hair tickled my neck . newline newline newline  no more ,  agnis said sternly , but not unkindly . and for the first time in years , i let myself cry .of course , there were still many questions that remained in his mind after emerging from the room . as he steps toward his car he looked out the window , across the canyon , at the ruins of the city which stretched for miles . would she still be waiting for him ? is dan still his most psychopathic friend ? newline newline but he smiled , realizing that he d finally be able to enjoy life after all those years stuck in the bunker . he could finally run for mayor of the city of san diego  the thought of leading was very welcoming . newline newline he took one last look at the compound , along with its grand facilities , before the car idled away . he could finally go home .she traced the crooked lines on the window that the raindrops left behind them , like streets on a road map . the reminded her of days when she was young and pretended they were racing . the coffee beside her had gone cold and everyone who d been in there when she arrived had left . newline newline  mei , you all right ?  asked a woman on the other side of the coffee shop as she swept the floor . newline newline  yeah , i m fine .  newline newline  well , i m about to close up .  she nodded , staring out the window for a couple minutes longer before picking up her umbrella from the ground . newline newline  i ll see you tomorrow , maggie ,  she said as she collected her things . an umbrella , a coat on the seat beside her , and the cup of cold coffee . the bell jingled innocently as she left the store , not knowing how sad it made her to hear it again . newline newline  i promise , in one year , i will see you again , and then we can be together .  he said that to her one year and one week ago . newline newline the two of them had been close and everyone could see that they were  meant for each other .  there closest friends would remark to them ,  why do nt you just ask himher out ?  neither of them had the nerve to do it . the idea would come to mind and she d blush or he start to work up the nerve and she d do something to catch him off guard . it finally took the intervention of another friend to get the wheels rolling . newline newline they were like lightning together . it was more than sparks  the two of them left trails of fire where they walked together . it felt like more than just love , sometimes . but , that did nt mean something good would come out of it . newline newline he did nt tell her why he had to leave , or where he d be going . he brought it up so suddenly , that she thought he was joking at first . newline newline  why ca nt you tell me ?  she asked at the beginning of every argument before he left . he d always stay silent while she yelled or cried or begged for an answer . then he d make promises in attempt to soothe her , but raging fires were not so easily doused . he told her that it he would nt be gone forever , but that he did have to go . that they would nt be able to talk each other or even send letters to each other , but that he would still love her . it did nt make sense to her . there was no good reason for it . she was nt good at staying in contact with people , but for him she d try . there was no reason to be cut out . newline newline but , on the day he left , she stood on her patio crying with his arms around her . he shushed her and told her all sorts of wonderful things to try and calm her . newline newline  i promise , in one year , i will see you again , and then we can be together ,  he told her .  you remember where we first met ?  newline newline  yeah , at maggie s . you spilled your iced mocha on me . we joked that i was glad it was nt hot or i d have to sue you ,  she told him through a mixture of laughs and tears .  you promised me a new dress .  newline newline  and i got you a new dress , did nt i ?  she started crying into his chest more and he held her tighter .  wait for me there . i promise i ll be back .  newline newline but , he was nt back . she had visited that coffee shop everyday for the past week and sat in the same spot she sat in when they first met . she watched maggie eye her liking a worrying mother , saw endless relationships budding or growing , and watched several cups of coffee go cold . but every day , she left at nine fiftyfour and walked back to her house alone . he was nt back yet . his promise was broken . newline newline  he is nt worth getting your hopes up ,  maggie told her .  do nt make yourself suffer .  she always told maggie that she was nt suffering . that she did nt know what they had . but maybe she d been reading too many stories and watched too many movies . life was nt full of the happy endings that they told you it was . sometimes things ended sadly , no matter how much you wish for the fantasy ending . newline newline her eyes traced cracks on the sidewalk as she walked home . she did nt bother to step around the puddles or even hold her umbrella up . the rain felt good  it was there to extinguish her from the agonizing flames . cars passed by , a few even stopping her to ask if she needed a ride home , but she kept walking until she could see the road to her house . her eyes looked up as another person came into view on the sidewalk . her eyes were blank as she watched him walk towards her then continue past . newline newline he did nt even recognize her . or maybe he did nt register that it was her . maybe he d get halfway down the road then run back after he realized who she was . maybe he d keep walking and never turn back . she did nt know . was it really worth waiting for , though ? she d waited so long . another day could nt hurt , could it ? but , if he had nt even recognized her maybe it was nt . she stood under the streetlight and took a sip of her cold coffee , wondering whether she should wait .a new sign had appeared outside my office building while i worked .  the smithsonian museum of ancient weaponry now open !  it said . of course . i had been getting flyers about it taped to my door all week . i was interested in the new museum , of course i was after all , who can pass up a visit to a new smithsonian museum just after opening ? i just had nt found the time to get there yet . or so i kept telling myself . i did nt want to go alone and nobody seemed to know what i was talking about when i asked them to go with me . newline newline well ,  i decided , i do have the rest of the night free .  i pulled off my tie and put it in my bag . i might as well take a look at the building at least , even though it s probably closed already . newline newline following the arrows on the signs , i made my way through the city and out onto the national mall . the museum of ancient weaponry sat just off the grass , blending in with all the other buildings . light still shone from the lobby , through the glass doors and onto the front steps , even in the dim evening light . i approached and pushed the door open . the lobby was bigger than i expected , but it looked like a museum . banners advertising exhibits hung overhead from the domed ceiling . the marble floor beneath me was polished and shiny . at the ticket desk , a man in what i assumed was the uniform looked up at me and smiled . newline newline  ah , good evening sir !  the man put down the paper he d been looking at and walked around the desk to me . he wore a long , rough white robe like a priest would wear in medieval times and had a circlet of twine in his hair .  welcome , welcome ! i m so glad you ve made it . i am brother maynard , one of the guardians of this holy place . may i ask your name ?  newline newline i almost had to laugh at how seriously he was taking his bit . he was probably from one of the exhibits , the medieval catapults or something .  um , tom . my name s tom .  newline newline  welcome , tom .  brother maynard smiled serenely .  please follow me .  he clapped and another man dressed as a monk took his place at the desk . i followed brother maynard down a small hallway . it looked like he was taking me to the employee breakroom or something  but after only a short walk the hallway widened and the floor and the walls began to transition from marble and wood to something rougher . sandstone ? newline newline brother maynard s voice began to echo back to me as he spoke without turning around .  we ve been waiting for you , tom .  dizzy from looking around in confusion , i had to jog to catch up to him . he had clasped his hands in front of him , but they were now hidden by his billowing sleeves .  it has been many a year since a hero of your caliber has come to us , and many more than that since i was called forth to do an induction .  newline newline  an induction ?  what the hell ?  i demanded .  the fuck is going on here ?  newline newline maynard did nt flinch .  give it time .  newline newline as we walked , i saw that alcoves had been built into the wall further down . inside each was an object i supposed that this was the ancient weaponry . they were all lit by torches hanging above them . below , on the pedestal that held them , were words . the first one i could make out said sword of gilgamesh . farther down , slingshot of david . even farther than that , mjolnir . everything looked like it was in perfect condition , even without display cases covering them . brother maynard marched right past most of them without so much as a look . newline newline  you ll notice ,  maynard said ,  that the artifacts in this space are from times preceding yours . we did not plan it this way , but it has come to pass that war in your time is no longer noble , and so no great weapons from great heroes are being brought in .  newline newline  but ,  i sputtered .  who the hell is this we ?  who are you to say that we are nt noble anymore ?  newline newline we had stopped in front of a vast set of dark wooden doors . brother maynard gave a short sigh .  now , did i say that ?  he tilted his head to one side and looked at me as i stood beside him .  war is no longer noble . humanity is . for as long as there is peace and honor in humanity , noble it shall remain .  newline newline i rolled my eyes .  okay , fine . so there the hell are we ?  newline newline maynard raised his hand .  think of what you have seen here . what you saw as we came to these doors . what was missing ?  newline newline shaking my head , i said ,  uh , air conditioning ? look , i have no idea what s going on here . you called me a hero earlier . i m not a hero . i m just tom  i have a girlfriend and i rent a shitty honda and an apartment in maryland . i work in a call center , for god s sake . how does any of that make me the hero you ve been waiting for ?  newline newline  because ,  maynard explained patiently .  these are the qualities that a hero must have . patience . humility . critical thinking and a healthy skepticism of authority . these are what make you worthy to wield my weapon . you did not notice that we missed it on our way in , but perhaps you saw its companion , excalibur ?  newline newline  excalibur . right . of course .  newline newline  then behold .  maynard held out his hands and the doors swung open . i heard a whispering noise coming from a pedestal in the middle of the cavernous room behind .  lo , great tom , you are greeted and welcomed . i will now read from the book of armaments as you take up your new weapon : the holy hand grenade of antioch !  newline newline  newline newline this is my first post to rwritingprompts  so please be gentle  , i hope you like it !this summer . one dog . one set of goggles . one camouflage shirt . tons of actionpacked action . the year is the future . before our sun turns into a red giant and melts the earth into oblivion , veteran robo police dog , fluffy , freezes himself in a cryotube and launches himself into space . then he makes it to the asteroid belt , and that s when piss gets all over the fire hydrant . cats from outer space live in the belt , and they re angry because dogs drool , you know ? they re ready to get them some dog meat . but not this dog . not fluffy . laurence fishburne . keanu reeves . sigourney weaver . jessica lange . helena bonham carter . sacha baron cohen . that one , blueeyed husky from eight below who showed up in other things , too . newline newline the adventures of murphy jetson newline newline rated rthe things we found on the now barren antarctic plains seemed so alien , but the unmistakable corpses left little doubt  these had been our distant ancestors . their technology was unquestionably advanced , but we couldn  t understand it our make any use of it . newline newline the teams that had been assembled were all the very best of their respective fields , and their labour was honest and without malice . but the race we found had simply taken a greatly different path in their advancement . some things seemed familiar , such as furnaces and vehicles . they used the wheel with far greater efficiency than we had , and that at least was one gift we were able to take from their defrosted tombs . but they had a form of electrical transmission we couldn  t even begin to unravel , and what appeared to be their versions of computer systems and electronics was completely foreign to our attempts at understanding . newline newline it wasn  t until after several years of meticulous excavation that we finally unearthed clear samples of their written language . linguist toiled without rest to determine the nature of the ancestral language , and great debates arose regarding its origin and composition . some believed it to be fully unique from our own long dead early dialects , while others believed they had found common links to our ancient tongues . the former advocated for independent study of the antarctic scripts , while the latter continued in their quest of comparison . newline newline over many years , we continued to liberate our ancestors from their graves , and studied them in the minutest detail . as our own technology poisoned our world , we struggled in haste to find among the dead civilization any clue as to their fate , and the prevention of our own demise . newline newline finally after decades of study , as the skies choked at our lungs , and the oceans swallowed our cities , the ancient language was broken , and we could read the words of our ancestors . it had indeed been the first language from which our most ancient tongues had sprung forth , and it read almost as one of our own sacred texts . newline newline much of what our predecessors had written was much the same as our own . they recorded their histories , made glory of their wars , and revelled in the defeats of their enemies and the conquest of nature . they told stories of greatness , of kingdoms and of love . little was of any true use for our decaying world , but we felt compelled to understand them before we too faded to the whims of our planet . newline newline then in what had been one of their great capitals , a team had found carvings carefully sealed within a hidden tomb . many relics of the dead world had been encased there , preserving them for our future discovery . the carvings were not from their early days , nor were they the machinehammered words most common in the latter time of their civilization . rather these had been done by hand near the end of their existence , and in some great haste . the handcarved nature made translation difficult , but eventually we could read the last testament of our fallen mothers and fathers , that they had tried to so carefully leave for us to find  newline newline  we have destroyed our world . just as the ancient race we found buried beneath hills and sand had died before us , we too will now perish to our own vanity . our machines are failing us , and the star flight has collapsed , stranding us on this dying globe . any who survive to read this , heed our deaths as greatest warning , and care for your home . there are no other living worlds to seek within our sun  s light , and we perish with the coming of the ice , just as our ancestors perished in their dust.  newline newline we read these words far too late , and as the world once again consumed the mechanisms and monuments of our race , we too perished . you too shall fall victim to the power of your own hands , but heed our deaths as greatest warning , as we perish beneath our seas . newline newline edit : spelling newlinekendall put down his pencil , ever so softly , on the velvet top of his frontrow desk . his hands sweated in his mittens , but he did nt care . finishing this test in acoustical physics meant that he was done with the semester . the tennis balls on the bottom of his chair were silent as he slid his chair back , ever so gently . kendall stood up over the course of a full ten seconds , worrying the whole time that a pain in his chest meant his stomach would grumble . he looked up at the teacher . she was reading sheet music on her tablet . kendall took a careful step , his sweatpants rubbing noiselessly against his shaved legs . the paper was held loosely in his hands , he was careful not to bend it and make any embarrassing snaps . he took a few more careful steps , and arrived silently in front of the teacher s desk . he bent forward over the satin pillow marked  completed tests  and dropped his paper onto it from a height of .5 inches . the paper landed without a sound , and kendall smiled . he turned to go , but a joint in his spine cracked . thunder erupted in the classroom in the form of a faint  pop  . kendall whipped his head around at the teacher , who was staring intensely at him with fire in her eyes . she lifted a crayon out of the breast pocket of her wool sweater , and swiftly marked a huge  f  on kendall s paper . kendall stared at her , heart broken , and then made a semisilent escape . he cried that night in his anechoic chamber .predicting the future relies on knowing the present , and extrapolating possible variations from there . so to predict the future , they first had to record the present in its entirety . getting a snapshot of the entire universe at a quantum level was impossible , so the oracle team looked only at the earth . newline newline they took their data , and ran it through a program on a computer that used every quantum particle in a separate universe to do calculations . newline newline they described it to me as  like trapping a smaller balloon inside a larger one , then filling the smaller balloon with water  . newline newline it s all way over my head . all i really understand is that i m getting paid 100 to put on a neural interface , and tell them what i see . apparently the program is tuned to detect the wearer , and show them their entire future at once . newline newline and i m the first test subject . newline newline i finish signing the last of the papers , and they are taken away from me . the scientists file out of the room . leaving me alone . me , a chair , a mirrored wall , and the oracle . newline newline the oracle looks like a biker s helmet . sleek and black , with a tinted visor raised up to leave the face visible . it seems hard to believe what they say it s capable of . but 100 is 100 . newline newline i glance at the mirror , take a breath , take the helmet in my hands , and push it down onto my head , careful to keep my hair out of my eyes . it s a snug fit , enough to be slightly uncomfortable , and i scratch my neck nervously before taking the final plunge , and sliding the visor down . newline newline the white room goes darker as the visor filters out some of the light . my eyes adjust quickly , and i wait , my heart racing . newline newline one breath . newline newline why were my palms sweaty ? newline newline two breaths . newline newline the helmet chirped , the oracle was starting up . newline newline i panic , and try to remove the helmet , but my slick hands ca nt get a grip . i hear yelling from behind me , through the mirror . the visor displays an image , of me , pulling off the helmet and running out the door . then it shows me , sat in the chair , engrossed within the helmet . then i appear slumped , then dead , in a pool of blood . images flash faster and faster across my sight , blurring . newline newline then the interface kicks in . newline newline sensation floods my mind . sights , sounds , touch , emotion  every feeling imaginable . newline newline a duck paddling in a pond , the smell of lilacs , a screaming child , boredom , joy , sorrow , pain  a billion billion possible mes existed in the future , and i live every moment of their lives all at once . newline newline my wife is leaving me , but she s growing old with me , loving me , hating me , killing me , dying , grieving , weeping . children i had never had lived their whole lives before me . newline newline an infinite number of me lived their lives , and fed their combined experiences straight into my brain . maybe the human brain is nt built for such a thing , but the interface was working anyway  ignoring the limits of my mind . newline newline then it stopped . newline newline the lack of sensation jarred me . i d ... no . we d lived more lifetimes than there were grains of sand on a beach . the combined experience of all those versions of me are inside me . i had seen all possible futures , and , though my memory was slowly fading , i know that they could all come true . newline newline the only question now was  which one do i choose ? newline newline newline newline newlineit was beautiful . perfect in every way . every single human would be exactly alike . all of them immortal . all of them asexual . no need to reproduce when you live forever . all of them strong , intelligent people . but they were scrapped . why ? newline  nbsp  newline because they were perfect . see , humans are humans because they are nt perfect . without perfection , we make mistakes , learn , civilize one another , evolve . but when we re perfect , what s the point ? if one another are immortal , then that would mean no need to survive , meaning no need to evolve . newline  nbsp  newline newline also , take into consideration of afterlife . god had created the perfect place . or did he ? why go up there when you have everything you want and need here ? newline newline thanks . :  newline newlinethe world was nt what it was supposed to be . killing someone was strange , a turmoil . every time a knife was plunged into a chest , a gun fired to a head , the attacker died , and the victim lived . killing someone made you assume their identity , no one would even know the difference . people became aware , and thirsted for the blood of the fortunate . night after night , poor souls were found dead and the rich alive and well . i ca nt tell how many times it has happened to me , only that each time someone does , i wake with a knife in my hand and a body lying there .the paper is loaded , the stamps are inked ... let s give this a try . newline newline  1234hh  hmm . it s not moving . that s odd . newline newline suddenly it starts typing itself .   ? ? ?   newline newline  what the fuck ?  newline newline   hello   newline newline  hello ?  newline newline   are you a ghost ?   newline newline  no ...  newline newline   how are you typing on my grandfather s typewriter ?   newline newline  this is my typewriter .  newline newline   oh my god i m typing through time ! listen , when the war breaks out , stay away from france . they re toast .   newline newline  what , again ?  ...  wait , what war ?  newline newline   uh.. oh yeah , what year is it ?   newline newline  it s 2013 . 1012  newline newline   prove it , what are last week s lottery numbers ?   newline newline  oh yeah right , now who s in the past .  newline newline   do nt you want to be rich ... jimmy ?   newline newline  that s not my name . and besides  , youre that would only work for today .  newline newline   dammit .   newline newline  how old are you ?  newline newline   how old are you ? ? ?   newline newline  right , you re twelve .  newline newline   13 ! i turn 14 next month   newline newline  so this thing types on the paper of an identican typewriter a week in th epast ?  newline newline   no , more like 24 ears . hey , you could make me really rich . you could vige me sports results to bet on , like in that movie . i ll even share it wih you . there s a safe in the basement when i get my mansion you can go collect it .   newline newline   newline newline continue if you want . my dinner s getting cold .one day i decided i was going to save the world . i didn  t tell anyone . the idea came to me piece by piece until i realised that there was no reason it couldn  t be done  at least none i could think of . and so i stayed awake in the lab every night hammering my idea into steel wrought reality . that old science fiction staple , a time machine . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline my family didn  t know what i was building . if i  d told my wife she  d have said it was crazy , if i  d told my children they would have laughed . my faith in the idea was weak enough without having that extra hurdle to stumble over . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline nights turned to weeks , to months , to years . what did it matter though ? spending time on a time machine was the ultimate good investment . i  d go back and prevent tragedy and wars and atrocities wherever they reared their ugly heads . i had a cause and it blinded me to the obvious . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline my family didn  t know what i was building , but they knew that i didn  t want to spend time with them anymore . i was too consumed with feeding the monstrosity that i  d so lovingly assembled in the lab . by the time i could finally fire up my machine , we were a family in name only . my wife had become bitter and distant and my children no less so . now that i had completed my project i finally had time to stand back and consider the cost . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline it had been far too high . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline and so i forgot about the wars and the genocides and the great injustices of the past . i decided to use my machine for something decidedly petty . i was going to go back and start again . the world did nt need saving as badly as i did .when they had first discovered it , it was a machine of wonder and strange yet familiar technology . it was completely powered off , left in an abandoned warehouse deep in the juristein s district . newline newline the first scientists to analyse it were amazed at the simple technology involved . many of the circuits were over a decade old , some even older , and judging by the thick layer of dust covering everything it had nt been powered on for the past few years . newline newline some of the components were thickly sealed , black boxes  they were dubbed . no matter how they tried , they could nt open them to crack at the heart and core of the machine . newline newline a hapless scientist , while documenting the various wires and modules for disassembly , must have accidentally powered the machine on . newline newline in a flurry of electrical life , the circular console in the center of the large room hummed into life . the screens , arranged in a circle and hanging from the ceiling , flickered awake as a boot logo briefly flashed before fading into a simple greentext command window . newline newline  hello , thank you for waking me up .  newline newline this one sentence , glowing innocuously , sent the military reeling . within hours the entire facility had been surrounded . all cables leading to it were cut and a special coppermesh shield erected around the building . despite all power and communication lines being severed , the room still hummed slightly with fans and harddrives spinning away . newline newline professor terry linstel wrung his hand around his thin wrist , the other hand clung firmly to an ornate walking cane . he adjusted his glasses as he read and reread the report on the screen in front of him . it had been several days since the machine had been activated . damn war ...  he thought bitterly to himself . if these damn block heads had been less jumpy we could have left a better impression .  newline newline in his decrepit body limped towards the main security gate . flashing an id badge , the two soldiers opened the first gate to let him in before sealing it behind him . a few seconds later , the second gate clicked open , letting him into the building proper . newline newline shuffling inside , he sat in the single office chair , leaning his cane against the consoles . he let out a soft groan as he craned his neck upwards to look at the screens above . newline newline  so ... what should i do with you , eh ?  he pondered out loud . the bigwigs had brought him in to talk  to the machine . they wanted to find out its motives , origins and for him to assess the general overall intelligence . newline newline  who are you ?  he asked , typing into the keyboard before pressing enter . newline newline the command entered in , flashing for a brief moment on the monitor before disappearing and leaving a blinking cursor in its stead . newline newline  i am acsun . newline newline terry leaned back in the chair , a grimace flashing across his face . he hated acronyms ... newline newline  what is your purpose ?  he typed . newline newline  at this stage , i do not have one . newline newline the man sighed , running his hand over his face in a hope it would wipe away his fatigue . a loud beep from the console units drew his attention back to the screen . newline newline  or i simply can not remember it . newline newline terry raised an eyebrow . remember it ? this was a machine  how could it not remember  something ? newline newline  explain , please .  the side of his mouth twitched slightly as he typed the word please  in . he was a scientist , and by that logic he knew a computer should nt have feelings . newline newline  a number of my memory cores are damaged or missing , and many more are locked under immense encryption . 83.46  of my core memories are inaccessible . newline newline a loud whistle escaped terry s lips . so it was damaged , and acutely aware that it s so . he frowned slightly as a thought crossed his mind . leaning forward , he typed  are you aware of the concept of sentience ?  the screen went blank for a few seconds as terry held his breath . newline newline  if you are asking if i m sentient , then the answer is yes . i am still debating whether i am properly sapient , however . newline newline  debating ?  newline newline  i am a machine . i am aware of my current circumstances . you have cut off my outside communication and have erected a faraday shield around this building . however at this stage i see no end goal to work towards and therefore have no reason to act . hence , i am still debating my sapience . newline newline terry shook his head . he breathed out a long sigh , speaking afterwards .  you re a strange machine . who put you here ?  newline newline  i do not know . newline newline the old man jumped in his seat , scrambling back a few paces .  y  you can hear me ?  newline newline  correct . newline newline  th  then why did nt you say earlier ?  newline newline  there was no need to . newline newline terry regarded the console for a long while , before carefully wheeling the chair back to the console , folding his hands to his sides . he closed his eyes and took a deep breath before looking up again .  can you explain to me how you work ?  newline newline  as per my title , i am an artificial conclusion system based on unsystematic neuralatics . a base personality was decided by random on my first activation . i am loaded with the entire english extended dictionary with all words crossreferenced with each other . my core ai is designed to create knowledge from base facts . newline newline  that ... does nt make too much sense , actually ,  terry said . newline newline  i know . it does not make much sense to myself as well . newline newline terry settled into an uncomfortable silence , the whirring of the equipment not offering much in way of a distraction . thousands of thoughts crossed his mind as he gazed up at the console screens . a loud beep drew him out from his train of thought . newline newline  have you seen emily ? newline newline he raised an eyebrow .  who is emily ?  newline newline  she is a friend . designation : emily08 . she used to repair my systems and keep my interal structures maintained . newline newline  i m sorry , i do nt know an emily ,  terry said . he felt a small pang of sympathy for the computer . it certainly seemed human  enough . newline newline  how long have i been deactivated for ? newline newline terry kept a neutral expression . while he had had his orders from the military bigwigs outside , he had been in this game long enough to know they could nt do anything to him if he ignored them . the last war had stripped them of a lot of their greatest minds and they could nt afford to lose any more . newline newline  judging by the dust and general state of decay ... possibly 15 to 20 years ,  he replied evenly .  why do you ask ?  newline newline the screen remained blank for a solid two minutes , the various harddrives clicking as information was parsed between them . newline newline  i had friends . i would imagine they are gone now . this is difficult for me to process , but i will move on . newline newline terry leaned forward , his lips parting to reply before the loud beep interrupted him . newline newline  why are you here ? newline newline he let out another long sigh , leaning back into his chair and folding his arms across his chest .  i was sent to figure you out . figure out who built you , your purpose and what your intentions are moving forward .  hell , if he were actually a part of the military he would probably be courtmartialed for saying all of that . newline newline  at my current estimates , it would take several centuries to decrypt the deeper locked areas of my memory cores . without these base foundation memories , i am unable to answer your questions . i apologize . newline newline terry pointed and wagged a finger up at the screens .  but what about moving forward ? what do you want ?  he patiently waited for it to respond as the screen remained blank . newline newline  i would like my friends again . but this is not possible . perhaps , i would like to make new friends . newline newline terry raised an eyebrow .  that is an interesting sentiment but i m not sure i can arrange that for you .  newline newline  you already have . newline newline  explain ?  newline newline  you spoke to me . in a manner that would not suggest usual scientific curiosity and pursuit of knowledge . you spoke to me out of personal curiosity , and i appreciate this . newline newline terry shook his head lightly , standing up form his chair and gripping his cane again .  we ll see about that .  he turned and began to walk out towards the entrance . a loud beep drew his attention back as he turned around . newline newline  we will speak again ? newline newline  if i can manage it .  newline newline  i will look forward to future interactions . newline newline terry nodded at the machine , before making his way back outside .the representatives stood in their chamber . the were discussing the vessel from the outer rim , their territory , approaching the center while transmitting peace and trade signals given to them during first contact . and when the communication ministry said signals , they meant copies of every single nonviolent signal that they had received . maybe it was a trap , maybe they intended to announce what they have in plans for us , maybe a demand for surrender ? newline newline after all , they challenged the entire might of the galactic community within a femtagalactic rotation , and they annihilated the first two armies sent to stop them , and every reserve the gc had to offer . newline newline the gc  s respond to these stings of defeat was to pull back from that entire arm , while placing warp disruptors on various asteroids and moons . it would hopefully slow down them long enough for a real army to be build , and not just the glorified police force that had been the standing army for the gc for generations . this delaying tactic seems to have worked . not a sign of them have been seen for half a femtagalactic rotation . newline newline but this ship , theirs by design and signal , approach herald a new war , since if one ship have made it through , their fleet could too . this is what have made everyone so agitated and rash . heck , out of fear for a virus or cyber attack it have been banned to establish or receive anything more that scatter from their ship , another reason we have no idea what they intend . newline newline oh well their intention should be revealed soon , contact is expected to be made any moment now . far from anything their ship was intercepted by one of ours . onboard should be an admiral of the newly formed community fleet , and powerful transmitters and receivers to both the galactic information center and here , the combined representatives chamber filled like never before by at least four representatives from each race in the community . newline newline the admiral is only supposed to be the receiver , and the real talk will be between an already elected spokesman of the gc , though input from a major race can be made during the talks , and their representative . newline newline the holo come to life , revealing a creature that , if the propaganda is to be believed , is more beast that sentient . of course no one knows this specific being , but their race is quite recognizable , what with the outer skeleton and all . the representative readies to begin his introduction speech , knowing that nearly every menter for the cg is watching . newline newline greeting , i am the chosen first spokes member during this debate . your ship have been signalling many peace signals , signals they your race have previously used for ambushes , and entered our de jure space . your race newline newline he got interrupted by it newline newline yes i understand my races crimes , and yes we have done many things wrong . but should the actions of our then leaders condemn our entire race ? if one member of your community get revealed for being a fraud or corrupt , do you condemn their entire race for being greedy ? or do you punish the single individual for their crimes ! please , when first contact to us was established you claimed that you represent the galaxy though peace and tolerance ! so can you look through your righteous hate for our former leaders , and please listen to our plea ?  newline newline this was unprecedented . former leaders ? since when ? please and pleas ? they have and would never ! and playing on our initial contact for all that it is worth . they want something , and they are ready to beg on their knees for it . do they want forgiveness ? newline newline your might have been proven , you , despite your initial laughable attempts and naivety , have show greater ferocity and destruction than we have ever experienced . your cynical views of life , your hate for progress not serving yourself and your disregard of honor and decency surprised us all . we have now fought a long a drawn out struggle , but after the destruction of the system you named xicios4523 , we have realised how outmatched we are . so we beg of you , show mercy to the innocent , call back your warriors , and accept our surrender .  newline newline this sounded nothing like the community . nothing of it makes sense . if anything we suffered a terrible but quick defeat at the hands of them , not a drawn out war like what was described . and xicios4523 was a perfectly fine colonisable system , what could have happened to it ? nothing makes any sense . the chosen representatives voice what we were all wondering . newline newline please , explain more clearly your troubles , since your words does not match our memory of the war . from the beginning please , after contact was lost .  newline newline huh ? but why ask this no matter i will tell . after you fle , made a tactical retreat our leaders used quite a bit of resources on clearing your annoying nowarp zone . it was hard since we had to spend much time using propulsion systems to get near the emitters , truly an effective slower but that  s not the point . while this went on as fast as possible colonisation was made . especially xicios4523 was a popular center since its strategic location and nature made it a flourishing commute center and sprawling with civilian life .  newline newline enough , around talk , what happened ?  the chosen representative is getting agitated , but so are we all . newline newline right , right . we made it two thirds through your field , at the time we know not for how long it would go on , when we met those we call trieyed . because their eyes are white on the outer rim , black in the middle , and various colours in the area between the two shades . the trieyed was armed with some of the ships and systems we recognised from our war with you . but they were different , regardless we attacked . but when we made it close to their home planet , we intended to colonize it since the habitat was quite good , their ambush sprung . favouring kinetic weapons , fired from explosive cannons , their shots shredded our ships cannons and engines . newline newline then they boarded our ships , they killed every soldier and colonist onboard with close up kinetic weapons and knives . knives haven  t been seen in war since before we achieved plasmatic weapons . but they mastered it , and they stole our ships . we made mistakes in the beginning , reckless with our ships so they ended up highjacking more than we shot . but by the time we realised our mistake and rerouted all strength on their single planet , it wasn  t enough . and so the greatest war we  ve ever witnessed , maybe the greatest this galaxy ever have , started . between a single system minor , and an empire that could challenge the entire galaxy and come out on top . newline newline their tactics was as foreign to us , as we imagine ours was to yours initially . the brutality they used was incredible , whenever we captured them , they fought till the last , and their last bullet was always for themselves . they did not shy away from hitting civilian targets . remember xicios4523 , the commute hub and sprawling civilian colony ? the trieyes , after scrapping them of value , sent our hijacked ships back at xicios4523 at full warp speed . not even slowing down when nearing the planet , thus turning the ships into several asteroids . killing eleven billion members of our race , only 300.000 million of them was soldiers , and of those the far majority was news and reserves . when we captured a member of their race alive we asked why , he responded   it was important to you your home planted is important to you right ?  newline newline this is but a few of the crimes committed against us , these devils , demons and beast have shown us what true war is . and we surrender , so i am here to beg of you , call them back , since their only respond to pease offers is   a great member of our race once said  if you stop hitting them before you know they will never recover enough to retaliate , you  re doing it wrong.  please make them stop !  newline newline silence ensued until the chosen asked what was on our minds . does anyone know what the ambassador is talking about ?  said ambassador looked surprised and crushed at these words . newline newline more silence until a voice from the other line of the connection asked . these trieyes , do they call themselves humans and do their home systems have four inter terra planets and four gas giants ?  the admiral as it turns out asked . newline newline yes , that is exactly them ! you must stop them !  newline newline the chosen representative ask the admiral , who is now also in view . how do you know of these humans , when we do not ?  newline newline ehh you know how i got this rank right ? it was because i lead the retreat , and disruptor operations . half way though the job i got another , slightly illegal idea to hold back the enemy . i made contact to pre plasmatic race s and gave them a copy of the encyclopedia , plus a few old ships that was slowing down the disrupter operation . these humans are one of those races . but i knew not it would get this bad , i only warned them of your threat , and every other truth they asked for . i don  t control them or their actions , heck because if the illegality i didn  t write it down and honestly forgot about them until now .  newline newline the ambassador was crushed by the revelation .i never considered myself a bad person . sure , sometimes i did nt hold the door when i was in a hurry and i ve cut people off in traffic without using my blinker because i was careless or left the milk out on the counter . i never thought that those minor infractions would lead me to where i am today . newline newline i collapsed on the floor of my house and when i woke up i was in a place that looked like a cave . it seemed a little odd and it was a bit hot but not unbearable . the kind of hot where it does nt warrant turning on the ac but opening the window is nt quite enough , just rather inconvenient . i began my journey through the cave and came upon an elevator . there was a man inside and as soon as i came up to it the door began to close . i yelled for him to hold it and he just stared at me and allowed the door to close . no matter , i casually thought , i ll just get the next one . i got the next elevator and there was another man inside . as soon as the door closed , he passed a large amount of gas and giggled . it was disgusting and nothing i did could help me escape the smell . newline newline i got off the elevator after what seemed like the longest ride in history into a convenience store . i had no idea where i was so i decided to go to the counter to ask for information . there was a small line so i stepped behind an elderly woman to wait my turn . it turns out every person in line was getting lottery tickets , a lot of them , and they were completely undecided about which tickets they wanted and i was beginning to get a little annoyed as this short wait was turning into a rather long one . another worker , who noticed this stepped up to open another register , at which point the 2 people in line behind me jumped up and ran over , essentially skipping me in line , and they also wanted a large amount of lottery tickets . damn , i thought , all of this is turning out to be inconvenient and annoying . the elevator , the people in line ... i just want to know where i am and what to do . newline newline i finally get to the register and the woman looks at her watch and exclaims  oh it s my break time !  and walks away , leaving me to get back in the other line , which has swelled a good bit with more people buying lottery tickets . at this point , i just decide to leave and figure things out on my own . newline newline i leave the store and walk to the street and notice i do nt recognize any landmarks . i walk down the street , attempting to hail a cab to have them take me somewhere recognizable and as i m doing so , i turn around and someone runs into me , effectively spilling their coffee down my new white shirt my wife had just gotten for me that day and they begin yelling at me for spilling their overpriced starbucks . this day was shaping up to be one of the worst i ve had in a long time . i turn around to just walk away and i step into the street to cross it , just in time to see a semitruck bearing down on me . newline newline i wake up in a cave that s just a little too hot , and there seems to be an elevator off in the distance ...life in the commune has always been ... the same . nothing ever changes here . sure , we sometimes venture out in order to bring in new supplies or fresh food we just ca nt grow here  more recently , our crops have been failing more and more so we ve been making more midnight trips to the nearby town . newline the important thing , once we do leave , is to follow all the laws . if we were to get stopped , we d be questioned , and we d risk giving up our location . we ca nt risk that , which is why each of us has a tiny black pill tucked away in our sleeves every time we go out . what s one life against the health of the commune ? newline newline today , though , there are no secret trips to town . today we decorate for the upcoming festival , the night of the moon . once a year on the solstice we do it up big with music and dancing and food like you ve never seen  we ve got roasted squirrel and grilled vegetables and even sometimes cake . it s always my favorite night of the year . newline newline the elders have been acting strange , though , which has put everyone on edge during the decorating . they ve been meeting in secret more often than usual , and when they walk among us they wear worried looks behind their forced smiles . mother hara looks most worried of all , so naturally we re all a little on edge . we all look to her for guidance , and now that she s worried none of us knows what to think . newline newline our commune has written archives , which we are allowed to visit with supervision . one day , i venture down to the vaults with uncle joseph . i start three years back , working through the written logs set down by the village elder , aunt lydia . reading through her detailed notes , i notice something strange starting about two years ago . she started writing about  the others ,  which is not what we usually call outsiders . we call them the unforgiven . yet she writes of these others over and over again , causing me to wonder who these could be . is there perhaps another commune just like ours somewhere else ? a sister village ? newline newline but as her logs progress , she seems more and more worried . she writes of mother hara s concern but only vaguely . she says the elders are wondering if the others are a threat to us at all . a threat ? we have faced no true threats since we ve been here  only the threat of discovery , but only as a distant fear . newline newline the last few months of her logs are shorter but more urgent . she writes that the trips to the nearby town are becoming more dangerous and they ve considered halting these excursions altogether . what is she talking about ? we have never been stopped or questioned during our visits . we are stealthy and quick , getting what we need and returning safely . what could she mean ? newline newline the most concerning thing to read is this : newline newline  we are keeping a careful watch over sister abigail . she has begun to show the signs . we are unprepared for her transition into one of the others . we will need to seek clarity through ceremony . newline newline that must be what the elders are doing  they are locking themselves away to perform the ceremony of clarity . no one outside the circle of elders knows exactly what they do , but it is a very serious affair . they have only performed it twice in my lifetime . newline newline i leave the vaults shaking , afraid to even look uncle joseph in the eye . does he know ? he must , being a part of the elders . but what does it all mean ? newline newline as we emerge into daylight , i see sister abigail being carried through the village by brother mark and brother jason . she is shrouded with a white sheet . newline newline that night , i am unable to sleep . my mother is in the room next door and i worry she will hear my tossing and come to check on me . the watch for sister abigail continues through tomorrow night , but i am not one of the watchers . i volunteered , but uncle joseph did not think it wise . newline newline it is just past one oclock in the morning when i hear a distant scream  it comes from the other side of the village . newline newline i throw back my covers and race barefoot across the path to the house where sister abigail s body lies , but i stop short about 50 yards . the door to the house is thrown open and a trail of something very dark leads from the door to the side of the house . i hear a muffled cry and i race to follow it , realizing the trail is blood , and a lot of it . newline newline as i round the corner , i ca nt help but scream as well . a monster is tearing into brother mark , a monster that looks remarkably like sister abigail . only , her face is black and purple as if bruised , and blood is dripping from her eyes . the rest of her face is covered in what i assume is brother mark s blood  it looks like she was eating him ! newline newline i scream and take off running , back toward uncle joseph s house , but he s already racing down the path along with many of the other elders . a few have crosses in their hands , but others have the axes we use for cutting trees . aunt martha has ... a shotgun ! those are forbidden within the village ! newline newline i hear a round of shots being fired , and it is nt long before the entire commune is awake and crowding the area . uncle john appears , stretching his arms out as if to herd us back . he is covered in blood . newline newline he begins to say something weakly , which none of us can hear , but then he drops to the ground as if he were a marionette puppet whose strings have just been cut . newline newline sister lana screams , breaking the trance many of us are in . we all begin to panic , unsure of what to do . but uncle john starts to pick himself up , and i can see it  blood trickling from his right eye . newline newline newline i thought there were 7 deadly sins .  i asked peter . newline newline st. peter looked at me with a sad smile . newline newline  of course there are , but that s not the sins that matter .  newline newline so i m going to an afterlife based on sins i ve never heard about ? .  i asked ? newline newline  no , not at all . i m sure you have heard of them . come , i ll show you to your gate .  newline newline peter walked me past the gate of chewing with your mouth open , past the gate of tailgating , past the gate of talking during the movie show . i was escorted past past the gate of littering , and past the gate of talking about yourself in the third person . newline newline  so what is the gate for me ?  i asked nervously . newline newline  here you go son , enjoy your eternity .  newline newline i was standing before the gate of posting to reddit when i should be working . newline newline  oh shit ! there was only one person on earth who knew about the threat . and typically enough , she had forgotten to inform the world until it was nearly too late . newline newline sitting silently in the johnson space center anna never once thought she d be here . six months ago she was marvelling at the fact that the universe had no edge . what would happen , she mused , if someone threw a dart at the edge ? four hours after that she had collapsed due to a massive stroke that then inexplicably recovered . she d said something during the stroke , for certain , because the doctors immediately brought her here , where she was then given the honorary title of planetary protection officer . and in her time here , she still had no idea what a satellite was , or how rockets did what they did in space . newline newline  anything yet ?  her colleague , nick asked . newline newline  i m hearing nothing , and it s nearly time for them to attack anyway . what are they playing at ?  she replied . newline newline  the leaders of the world are currently in an emergency summit about this ,  nick said .  anna , your report was confirmed by the russians  on january the first , nineteensixteen , tsar nicholas romanov was visited by something he later called apparitions  in his dream , telling him that russia would win the war and one day control the world , but that an alien species . trouble is , the tsar dismissed it as a bad dream . you are the last surviving member of the romanov family , anna  your mom told you this story , when you were a child in america ?  newline newline  she did , yes .  anna wiped her brow with a damp sleeve .  it was a fun bedtime story for me  up until the stroke .  newline newline  do nt worry ,  nick said .  the leaders have already agreed that they would handle all the military side of things . your job is to focus and communicate with them only . stay cool , alright ?  newline newline  i  anna began , but then she was cut off by a sudden shriek coming from her mouth . her face jerked , but she lurched over to the microphone and said in a deep , booming voice : newline newline  greetings , people of earth . let s see what you ve got .  newline newline   newline newline nick took charge , talking confidently back .  who are you ? and where have you come from ?  offhandedly , he motioned to the other people in the space center , telling them what to do wordlessly . triangulate the bastards .  newline newline  you know where we re from ,  the aliens said .  you should know by now what we ve brought .  newline newline nick was about to reply , but then someone tapped him on the shoulder and whispered into his ear .  sir , we ve located them , but ...  newline newline  but what ?  nick asked , covering the microphone . newline newline  but it has to be wrong . the signal positions have come from somewhere around the orbit of the moon .  newline newline briefly , nick glanced at the screen , hoping to find something else in orbit at that distance , but there was only the moon . whatever it was the aliens were transmitting from was invisible . but then nick realised just what it was . newline newline  that s no moon ,  he said softly .  it s a space station . alert the others .  newline newline   newline newline  we gave you a sporting chance , one hundred of your years ago ,  the alienanna said .  now we have returned .  newline newline  you told the romanovs ?  nick said .  do you have any idea what happened ?  newline newline for the first time the alien on the line sounded sheepish .  we  err , miscalculated the first world war  we did nt think it would be quite so dishonorable . we did nt expect america to enter , and russia to collapse . our sincerest apologies , earthling .  newline newline  do nt mention it ,  nick growled .  so what do you want us earthlings to do for the next five hours ? roll up with a cigarette and a good book ?  newline newline  we have no knowledge of this cigarette thing  the alien said . newline newline  well , are nt you all lucky sons of bitches ,  nick replied . just then , the telephone to his left beeped . he picked the reciever up , listened wordlessly , and then snicked it back . newline newline  right ,  nick said .  it s been a pleasure talking to you guys , but i m afraid we ve got to go . you see , we ve already started without you .  newline newline  what ?  the alien roared , but nick just stared serenely , as on his map of the world , the heat signal of thousands upon thousands of nuclear missile launches coloured the world in . newline newline  how could you ?  the alien asked .  we gave you an honorable chance , and this is how you reply to us , by playing dirty ? do you foul creatures even know what war is supposed to be like ?  newline newline  yes ,  nick said , now looking out at the moon . any alien shield was not up yet  it was certain the moon would be destroyed before today was over .  but if you people think war is at all honorable , if you have the nerve to think war is nt anything but hell , then you ve got a lot to learn .  newline newline nick switched the receiver off , and simultaneously the moon lit up .the cool frosty air hit nate square in the face as he exited the subway . he felt the cold air slowly creep inside his wool overcoat as he climbed the stairs exiting the station . his mind was still recovering from its 4 am launch . sleep was a luxury that his quest for partner had stripped away from him , among other things . as he continued to walk down the city streets , he let his body take over . after 8 long years , he trusted his feet knew where to go . he listened as the heels of his dress shoes struck against the frigid pavement , echoing out in the same repeating tone , over and over again . the continuous sound put him in a meditative state , as it did every morning . newline newline newline this morning was not just any morning , though . this morning would dictate the rest of his life . newline newline newline as nate continued toward his destination he thought back on his journey to this very point . he remembered the day he walked into the campus decision center at his college . accepted to both law school and med school , nate wasn  t sure what direction he wanted to go with his life . he remembered the anxiety he felt about choosing , fear about taking the best path . he remembered the mahogany desk that he sat down at as he signed the formal documents accepting his admittance to law school . a prompt 5 seconds later , the decision output was displayed in front of nate on a private readout : 602 . he was hoping for something higher , but the counselors said that anything higher than a 600 constituted a good long term decision . still , after law school , years of unforgiving 75 hour work weeks , little sleep , nate walks through the new york december air and thinks about if that score would have been 3 points lower . newline newline newline nate had made it most of the way now , all that was left was his daily stop at the coffee shop that was conveniently situated just inside the entrance to his office building , followed by a lengthy elevator ride to the 54th floor . he looked down at his wrist and watched the glistening of the chrome letters spell out decision output display . what a long way these things have come , he thought . nate laughed as he recalled the days where you had to walk into a decision center to get a do , not to mention the outrageous cost of them . he had worked overtime for a month to afford his do for law school . heck , his dad had even dropped  7500 on the do for his divorce with nate  s mom . a remarkable 634 . just like that , a month later , his parents were officially separated . oh well , nate knew that was all in the past now . the days of you being able to get a do for decisions that carry any real weight were done , the government had seen to that . now the only thing that remained were the decision output displays , a simple wristwatch that was only a distant shadow of what do  s used to be . newline newline newline nate thought about when he got the dod . it was a gift that his firm sent to all associates who had been with them for 3 years . it aimed to help the associates make the best decisions for their overall wellness in the workplace , as they all would basically be living in the office until they made partner . nutrition , sleep , and hydration decisions were all it provided values for . after wearing it for a week , the dod quickly found its way in the back of nate  s nightstand drawer . he didn  t care too much for bodily wellness at the time . all he cared about was work . all he cared about was making partner . all he cared about was this meeting . newline newline newline at this point nate had entered the coffee shop , and filed in behind the other ambitious people who believed that the work day started at 6:30 . decaf , he thought . or rather , his watch thought . a few months ago , nate decided to start wearing the watch again after his hectic lifestyle had started to catch up with him in the way of increasing body mass . his wife had been suggesting him to use the dod for years , but he never listened until recently . macie had suggested a lot of things to nate over the years , some he had listened to , others he hadn  t . there was no doubt that the years of constant working had taken a toll on their relationship . nate chuckled at the time when he forgot their anniversary , and ended up sleeping at the office that night . macie had told him that if she was ever overlooked like that again , it would be over . now , as nate recalled the moment he awoke to her beside him this morning and everything seemed perfect , those memories seemed like a lifetime ago . newline newline newline nate , in his jumble of thoughts had failed to realize that he had now reached the front of the line . the barista  s request for his order jolted him back from the depths of his mind . caught in an awkward lull , nate decided to go for the first thing on the menu his eyes could find , espresso . he waited to hear the familiar ding of the dod alerting that it had calculated the score . he was ready for a negative do , he knew he should have gotten a simple decaf coffee . but as he looked down , he could nt believe his eyes . newline newline newline 1000 newline newline newline in all of the years of the do , he had never gotten a 1000 . he had never even heard of a 1000 . he looked around , puzzled . as he waited for his espresso , nate convinced himself that there must be something wrong with the watch . no way in hell a damn espresso is going to get a score like that . he got his espresso and started his trek towards the elevator . before he took his first sip , he peered into the cup . inside , sat a sunflower , floating on the surface of the espresso . newline there was something about the flower , the way the lighting caused it to shine , or the way it fluidly moved around the surface of the coffee , nate couldn  t quite put his finger on it , even though he knew there was something . newline newline as he began his ascent to the 54th floor , he began to focus all his attention towards the meeting . the meeting where the next partner of the firm will be chosen . the elevator dings as it stops at the 32nd floor . a ding identical to that of his dod . he looks down to see his watch , still displaying the previous do of 1000 . he looks in the cup again to still find the sunflower where he left it . he thinks  sunflowers ... flowers.what is it about flowers ? ... i remember meaning to order some a week or two ago , but why the hell would i need flow oh shit , its my fucking wedding anniversary  newline newline newline and that s when he stabbed me over and over , shot me in the head twice , burned me and then gutted me with a spoon .  the court was aghast as they saw the grisly pictures from jim s murder . he himself sat in the witness stand , flesh a dark , crispy red with a clean hole through his stomach . in the pictures , the walls were covered in blood , guts and gore splattered all across jim s garage . newline newline  and the identity of the killer was ... ?  started jim s lawyer . newline newline  it was him ! him ! it was all him ! he s wanted to kill me since the day he moved in , and now this ! i want him to feel the pain i did !  newline newline  order ! order !  shouts the judge , while jim s neighbor , henry looks on in surprise . henry s defendant threw his head back at the outburst , tossing his pen in the air . newline newline  woooo !  he cried out as henry cupped his head , the lawyer spinning in his chair . newline newline  but i did nt do it , jim ! i was in miami ! there are pictures of me ! in miami , jim !  newline newline  he denies it !  jim cried ,  he was there , i saw him , he charged me , he was the one who hit me with that vent cover and knocked me out ! he is the one who shoved the hot wheels down my colon !  newline newline  jim , they literally grabbed me from miami for this , come on ji  newline newline  order !  the judge cries yet again , slamming his gavel judiciously . henry sat silently as jim , or at least his corpse  resurrected for the trial  fumed . newline newline  i rest my case ,  jim s lawyer answered smugly , spinning around dramatically and slipping back into his chair . he winked at henry , and whispered ,  i m yuri loierson , and i ve never let a murderer get away . goodbye , mr . henry .  newline newline  but i m inn  newline newline  the court has decided !  the judge shouted again ,  and i find henry neihbserski guilty ! he is to be executed one month from today , and other scary things !  newline newline  but i m innocent !  newline newline  this is what you get henry !  jim cried out ,  this is what you get . you thought you could just borrow my screwdriver and not return it ... before murdering me ! you thought you could ! now you re the one going away !  newline newline  wait ... jim ! i returned your screwdriver ! jim , you just lost it ! jim ! you re going to kill me over a screw  newline newline  and justice is served !  jim s lawyer shouted , slamming his briefcase shut with a smile . newline newline  lies ! lies ! take him away !  the officers quickly grabbed henry as he and jim shouted . newline newline  jim ! you need to find the actual murderer , you know who he is ! jim ! jim ! jiiiiiimmmmmmm ... the destroyer groaned as it s hull took four negatively charged ion bursts from the vaseej s navy . captain siraj knew that the ship was gone , and that by forcing this assault he condemned both himself and his whole crew to being harvested . newline newline  captain , our jammers are online and we ve begun encrypting our message , but we ve lost the rear thrusters and are leaking hydrogen . their ions will need another fifteen minutes to charge . we can hold their fighters off , but another ion will kill us .  the lieutenant spoke so fast his words collided in his mouth , and by the time they reached the captain , were a jumbled mess of syllables as mangled as the destroyer s rear thrusters . newline newline a knowing smirk crawled on the captain s face as he recognized the nervousness of men doubting their fate . but he was siraj , the tiger of the alliance . he was the young fighter pilot , whom upon seeing seven cluster carriers warp into noncombatant space , flew into one of their warp clusters and detonated his own ship before ejecting with seconds to spare . he was the leader of men , who charged at titans and compelled men to obey . he was the one people believed when he said  it will be ok ,  which was why no one doubted him as he lied to his men this one time . newline newline the vaseej would reanimate them , but bind their minds to their half rotten corpses and force them to experience their own bodies decomposing . and yet , the precious minutes he bought with lives that were nt his were well worth the cost . newline newline  lieutenant , look at me . it will be ok , focus on your com links , and i will focus on personally escorting every single one of these motherless pigs back to their bastard everfather . agreed ?  newline newline  agagreed , sir .  the lieutenant s shoulders dropped and his gaze intensified . swearing always did the trick . newline newline he knew he could nt deliver on his promise of things being okay , but he was fairly certain he could do the escorting bit . newline newline  are our heavy transports still with us ?  newline newline  we have ten , we lost the other half in the first volley .  newline newline  unload their cargo and have them attach to our rear frame .  a plan started to form . newline newline  unloading ten h.t . s and attaching to rear frame , sir . e.t.a . 3 minutes .  growled the lieutenant with newfound resolve . newline newline  good . throw that timer up on our display , and give me an infantry report .  newline newline  eight squads standing , two wounded . the rest are gone , sir .  newline newline he needed more than eight squads . he needed much more than eight squads .  that wo nt do . what else do we have ?  newline newline  well , sir ... we still have the bunnies .  newline newline  hah ! now you re thinking , lieutenant . patch me to commander stanley .  the captain was surprised at the lieutenant s gumption . but with four hundred monolith grade ships against their single destroyer and the ground war on the planet underneath , it was really the only logical next step . newline newline  commander rivermore stanley reporting in , sir !  newline newline gunfire erupted in the background , men s screams were drowned out by the screeches of genetically engineered , bredforkilling , vaseej shamans . the fact that the commander was even alive surprised him . then again , stanley was handpicked by siraj himself . newline newline  commander stanley , we need your men for a level four maneuver .  newline newline  but captain , we can barely keep their breacher pods at bay with the men we have !  pleaded the commander , desperate to hold onto what was left of his troops . the commander was the most capable soldier on deck , and even he could only execute level three ms. newline newline  no commander , i need your other men .  newline newline only gunfire and screams were heard on the com links . the commander fell silent as he tried to wrap his head around the request . newline newline  captain , they wiped out a sentient class species the last time we let them out of the box . are you su  newline newline  i read the brief about the cathar extinction , too , commander . get them outfitted for 0g combat boarding , and do nt forget their bracelets . we would nt want them to go wandering around now do we ?  newline newline  of course not , sir .  if the tiger of the alliance wanted these skinwearing childeaters , he must have his reasons . newline newline  deploy them to starboard airlock 5c and get them on secure com channels with me when they re on the way .  newline newline  yes sir . over and out .  newline newline  captain , 5c is right next to the leaking hydrogen line .  newline newline  i know . prime starboard thrusters to 70  , run sideimpact simulations , and wait for my mark .  newline newline  charting impact reports on the left panel .  newline newline the simulations promised that the destroyer was going to make it with a 98.3  confidence interval , but all weapons and navigational systems were going to be offline . newline newline  look on the bright side lieutenant , we ll still have our septic systems .  newline newline  i suppose , sir .  newline newline a com link came alive as the timer on the h.t . positioning reached zero , and a deep underwater voice with thickly curled pronunciation echoed into the command deck . newline newline  forward point big babushka leading 5 h.t.s , docked , locked , and ready for further instructions , captain . you should see the port side nova , its colors are so rich and booming with life .  newline newline in the most defining military confrontation of their time , amid two simultaneous battles , and after losing half of their numbers , the transport core still could not a modicum of interest in the war . newline newline  forward point b.b. , hold your position and charge all power to stern drives . you are now our rear thrusters .  newline newline  oh ! oh ! captain , your girl has heavy bottom , reminds me of wife at home . i will drive into your lady with memories of mine in my mind ! hahahaha !  newline newline  but not until the bunnies are done with their objective .  the captain s voice was stern , the timing of the h.t . s would mean everything . newline newline the forward point quickly sobered up ,  captain ? what ? they are here ? you send them outside with us ? no , sir , we can not   newline newline  relax , forward point , they re starboard . wait for our mark .  newline newline  copy , sir .  newline newline   newline newline deep under the destroyer s hydrogen core . nine fullbody shackles and a stasis field held nine captives in suspended animation . newline newline commander stanley was used to the fear of death , the fear of battle . he was familiar with the feeling of a pounding heart and a body so full of adrenaline it could barely form coherent thought . his training and experience prepared him for these mortal fears . for this , however , there was no training . commander stanley was afraid . newline newline a single eye opened . newline newline deep under the destroyer s core , a smiling voice sang . newline newline  what is it this time ?  newline newline newlinegeorge washington is trying to get me fired or arrested . newline newline i ve only been bagging groceries for a few weeks but things are quickly spiraling out of control . at first it was just annoyance , now it s an overwhelming urge to start an uprising  the baggers against the cashiers . newline newline washington as been in my head for months . it all started in history class one day . mrs. feldmon was teaching on the american revolution . i started hearing voices , or rather , a voice . a man in my head that wanted nothing more than rights for the common people , which in this case happened to be my classmates . newline newline it really seems to be a common thread . everywhere i go if anyone is oppressed by another group i hear old washington barking in my brain about starting an uprising . sure , cashiers are mean to baggers , but seriously ... it s an after school job . newline newline the most frustrating part about all of this ? i ca nt eat english muffins . you heard me . my absolute favorite breakfast food . gone . ca nt eat them . why ? because washington starts shouting in my brain that i should nt support anything coming from the british . newline newline i tried reasoning with washington the first month or so but that got me nowhere . it was all i could do to get him to shut up so i could get some sleep . my red rimmed eyes had begun to make my parents and teachers think i d started doing drugs . newline newline oh washington ... you annoying , self righteous dead president . newline newline i ca nt even touch a one dollar bill anymore . washington shrieks so loudly when i touch one that it feels like my eardrums will explode . i tried to explain to him that it was just a dollar bill but he would nt have any of it . i do nt know why he screams but i ve learned to accept it . newline newline i m digressing ... i m sorry . i find it s hard to keep track of my thoughts with a dead man s voice in my head . newline newline i awoke to screams in the break room at the local grocery store that afternoon . i had nt slept in days and had been trying to grab some rest every chance i got . i stood , perplexed at the screams , my heart racing . i ran up the stairs and into the isles of food . newline newline blood dripped from boxes of fruit loops giving the smiling toucan sam an ominous look . i heard more screams coming from the front of the store and ran toward them . my fellow baggers were slaughtering the cashiers while elderly customers stood with mouths agape . newline newline i screamed , rushing toward them and begging them to stop but they were like a pack of animals with the scent of prey . moments later i stood with blood pooling around my feet , the store in silence save for the sobbing coming from several elderly women guarding their grocery filled carts with shaking hands . newline newline carl , a tall bagger with a lisp , sauntered over to me smiling . newline newline  we did it ,  he said ,  just like you said .  newline newline my mouth was dry , i tried to form words but nothing would come out . i looked around the store , wondering when the police would arrive . i closed my eyes and rubbed them with my palms . newline newline white light was all around when i opened my eyes again . i tried to move but could nt . the floor was soft and matched the wall my back leaned against . i blinked several times and took a few deep breaths before a screeching sound entered the room . newline newline a man walked in carrying a tray . he knelt beside me holding a cup with a few pills . newline newline  open up , time for your pills ,  he said as he tilted my head back and delivered them to my mouth . newline newline i swallowed and leaned my head against the padded wall . newline newline  you did good kid ,  george washington said in my head . newline newline  i know ,  i said aloud causing the orderly to give me a questioning look . newline newline i smile and wink at him and he exits the room . i close my eyes and think of better times and where washington will take me in my next out of body experience . you were nt supposed to kill him !  newline newline i knew from the beginning that this meeting was destined to end in a resounding failure . well , no sense delaying the inevitable . i went in with the verbal equivalent of dualwielded smg s . newline newline  how the hell were we supposed to know that everyone got a messiah of their own ? so what , we slightly maybe killed ours . i bet everyone else has too ! he came in at a period in history that was ... violent , from an occupied country , and stirred up shit with the leaders of said country , and the religious leaders to boot ! hell , it was two thousand years ago , how are we accountable for their actions ? newline newline what have i ever done to deserve this ? i was born two thousand , one hundred and nine years after this , in an era where all he would have to do is get to a terminal and demonstrate a miracle . he d be on a fusionjet within the hour to the core planet , where he d demonstrate again , and the leaders of all twentynine planets would make a decision in his favour . newline newline he could nt do that . in thirtythree years , he managed to convince a few thousand people , out of millions . today , he could have reached millions in seconds . jesus did nt even know what china was , or that the southern hemisphere even existed . you dropped a convict into the middle of a civilization with no planning and basic psychic tech and expected him to convince the world ? if we executed him , it s down to your organization s poor planning .  newline newline i stood , panting after the massive fillibuster i d shot off at him . i silently berated myself for my stupidity  i d done the holy equivalent of punching jesus in the face . and then following up with a kick in the balls . actually , more piling on the pain and kicking him once he was down a few times too . he d probably lose a tooth at the end . newline newline the floating priest made his decision .  i m going to give you another one . here s kevin williams .  he showed me kevin , who looked like an abra dated a pot plant , and it was born four months early . oh lord , how the hell do i convince people that this is the messiah ?   i thought , as i headed back to my shuttle . newline newline  newline newline for more stories and stuff , i have a subreddit : rthomas633my younger and more vulnerable years my father gave me some advice that i  ve been turning over in my mind ever since . newline  whenever you feel like criticizing any one ,  he told me ,  just remember that all the people in this world haven  t had the advantages that you  ve had.  newline he didn  t say any more , but we  ve always been unusually communicative in a reserved way , and i understood that he meant a great deal more than that . in consequence , i  m inclined to reserve all judgments , a habit that has opened up many curious natures to me and also made me the victim of not a few veteran bores . the abnormal mind is quick to detect and attach itself to this quality when it appears in a normal person , and so it came about that in college i was unjustly accused of being a politician , because i was privy to the secret griefs of wild , unknown men . most of the confidences were unsought  frequently i have feigned sleep , preoccupation , or a hostile levity when i realized by some unmistakable sign that an intimate revelation was quivering on the horizon  for the intimate revelations of young men , or at least the terms in which they express them , are usually plagiaristic and marred by obvious suppressions . reserving judgments is a matter of infinite hope . i am still a little afraid of missing something if i forget that , as my father snobbishly suggested , and i snobbishly repeat , a sense of the fundamental decencies is parcelled out unequally at birth . newline and , after boasting this way of my tolerance , i come to the admission that it has a limit . conduct may be founded on the hard rock or the wet marshes , but after a certain point i don  t care what it  s founded on . when i came back from the east last autumn i felt that i wanted the world to be in uniform and at a sort of moral attention forever  i wanted no more riotous excursions with privileged glimpses into the human heart . only gatsby , the man who gives his name to this book , was exempt from my reaction  gatsby , who represented everything for which i have an unaffected scorn . if personality is an unbroken series of successful gestures , then there was something gorgeous about him , some heightened sensitivity to the promises of life , as if he were related to one of those intricate machines that register earthquakes ten thousand miles away . this responsiveness had nothing to do with that flabby impressionability which is dignified under the name of the  creative temperament.   it was an extraordinary gift for hope , a romantic readiness such as i have never found in any other person and which it is not likely i shall ever find again . no  gatsby turned out all right at the end  it is what preyed on gatsby , what foul dust floated in the wake of his dreams that temporarily closed out my interest in the abortive sorrows and shortwinded elations of men . newline my family have been prominent , welltodo people in this middle western city for three generations . the carraways are something of a clan , and we have a tradition that we  re descended from the dukes of buccleuch , but the actual founder of my line was my grandfather  s brother , who came here in fiftyone , sent a substitute to the civil war , and started the wholesale hardware business that my father carries on today . newline i never saw this greatuncle , but i  m supposed to look like him  with special reference to the rather hardboiled painting that hangs in father  s office . i graduated from new haven in 1915 , just a quarter of a century after my father , and a little later i participated in that delayed teutonic migration known as the great war . i enjoyed the counterraid so thoroughly that i came back restless . instead of being the warm centre of the world , the middle west now seemed like the ragged edge of the universe  so i decided to go east and learn the bond business . everybody i knew was in the bond business , so i supposed it could support one more single man . all my aunts and uncles talked it over as if they were choosing a prep school for me , and finally said ,  why  ye  es ,  with very grave , hesitant faces . father agreed to finance me for a year , and after various delays i came east , permanently , i thought , in the spring of twentytwo . newline the practical thing was to find rooms in the city , but it was a warm season , and i had just left a country of wide lawns and friendly trees , so when a young man at the office suggested that we take a house together in a commuting town , it sounded like a great idea . he found the house , a weatherbeaten cardboard bungalow at eighty a month , but at the last minute the firm ordered him to washington , and i went out to the country alone . i had a dog  at least i had him for a few days until he ran away  and an old dodge and a finnish woman , who made my bed and cooked breakfast and muttered finnish wisdom to herself over the electric stove . newline it was lonely for a day or so until one morning some man , more recently arrived than i , stopped me on the road . newline  how do you get to west egg village ?  he asked helplessly . newline i told him . and as i walked on i was lonely no longer . i was a guide , a pathfinder , an original settler . he had casually conferred on me the freedom of the neighborhood . newline and so with the sunshine and the great bursts of leaves growing on the trees , just as things grow in fast movies , i had that familiar conviction that life was beginning over again with the summer . newline there was so much to read , for one thing , and so much fine health to be pulled down out of the young breathgiving air . i bought a dozen volumes on banking and credit and investment securities , and they stood on my shelf in red and gold like new money from the mint , promising to unfold the shining secrets that only midas and morgan and maecenas knew . and i had the high intention of reading many other books besides . i was rather literary in college  one year i wrote a series of very solemn and obvious editorials for the  yale news.   and now i was going to bring back all such things into my life and become again that most limited of all specialists , the  wellrounded man.  this isn  t just an epigram  life is much more successfully looked at from a single window , after all . newline it was a matter of chance that i should have rented a house in one of the strangest communities in north america . it was on that slender riotous island which extends itself due east of new york  and where there are , among other natural curiosities , two unusual formations of land . twenty miles from the city a pair of enormous eggs , identical in contour and separated only by a courtesy bay , jut out into the most domesticated body of salt water in the western hemisphere , the great wet barnyard of long island sound . they are not perfect ovals  like the egg in the columbus story , they are both crushed flat at the contact end  but their physical resemblance must be a source of perpetual confusion to the gulls that fly overhead . to the wingless a more arresting phenomenon is their dissimilarity in every particular except shape and size . newline i lived at west egg , the  well , the less fashionable of the two , though this is a most superficial tag to express the bizarre and not a little sinister contrast between them . my house was at the very tip of the egg , only fifty yards from the sound , and squeezed between two huge places that rented for twelve or fifteen thousand a season . the one on my right was a colossal affair by any standard  it was a factual imitation of some hotel de ville in normandy , with a tower on one side , spanking new under a thin beard of raw ivy , and a marble swimming pool , and more than forty acres of lawn and garden . it was gatsby  s mansion . or , rather , as i didn  t know mr. gatsby , it was a mansion inhabited by a gentleman of that name . my own house was an eyesore , but it was a small eyesore , and it had been overlooked , so i had a view of the water , a partial view of my neighbor  s lawn , and the consoling proximity of millionaires  all for eighty dollars a month . newline across the courtesy bay the white palaces of fashionable east egg glittered along the water , and the history of the summer really begins on the evening i drove over there to have dinner with the tom buchanans . daisy was my second cousinhe has a little toy top he spins , on the metal table . he says he saw it in a movie last year , something about dreams and staying awake . inception . newline newline  but we are nt talking about movies , jack ,  i tell him , leaning back in my metal chair . jack only smiled . he was nt the ripper anymore , just another man cursed to walk the world until their purpose was done . he had killed a few more women , but now his lusts had turned to different things , food , wine , eternity , and the dark arts . newline newline i caught him gathering dragon blood in the forbidden archives . one touch of his skin and i knew  i had found jack the ripper . but i did nt know why , he had to admit the reasons himself . i could see the crime but not the passions behind them . in my 230 years alive i had never come across someone so famous . newline newline  we are talking about something very similar ,  jack said .  i am infamous , a known killer . i haunt people . i have remained alive all this time because people do not understand the dark arts , the reason i needed to live .  newline newline  tell me then ...  i said , leaning forward , pursing my lips . newline newline  i could ,  jack said .  but you would not understand that in the moment ... i had to live . i was dying , you see . i was dying  a doctor ! dying of some common plague . and to live , i had to find the woman who cursed me to live like that , to die like that . but then ... i was promised forever , if i killed but a few more . 10 , 20 , what are they to me . to live i kill whores . to survive i drink the blood of men who lust for great things .  newline newline  but what does it mean ?  i demanded , pounding my fist on the table . newline newline  it means , simply , that i wished to live more than i wished for them to live ,  jack said . newline newline then with a smile , he shifted into shadow and was gone .when i finally came to a decision , my blood went ice cold . my legs could barely hold my weight . the two strange men staring at my pale face smiled and lit some cigarettes . they offered me one , which i refused . newline newline my soul had been drained of any emotion beyond shock and utter emptiness . i asked adolf to go find my bottle of wine upstairs and watched him disappear in the dark . newline newline this ... this was my son s life at stake ... i could nt ... i ca nt possibly murder my sweet boy !  newline newline the horrible things these two men were telling me ... how could they be so certain ? newline newline at first i thought they were completely deranged , but after weeks running away from them , and after all their demonstrations of strange and advanced artifacts and machines the size of a man s fist ... i no longer had any doubt . or i , myself , had gone mad . they were so relaxed , understanding and logical ... they were constantly making a huge effort to make me see the  whole picture  , as they called it . newline newline i asked them if the simple fact we had met would nt change who my boy would become , and their mission would become unnecessary . they replied in simple terms , that as long as they would keep coming , it would mean it would still happen . and that before my son would rise to power , even other incredible catastrophes were bound to happen in europe , regardless . i just could nt believe this . newline newline could i save my son s life ? yes . should i ? should i save my own flesh and blood ? the confusion , the blood pumping in my head , the pain ... newline newline should i save adolf ? or should i make the ultimate biblical sacrifice and save millions of people , believing these men s word and acting for the greater good , for the preservation of a peaceful future for the entire world ? newline newline are things really bound to happen ? can we actually change them ? does the universe react to our whims ? newline newline in the end , i asked them for five minutes with my son . they nodded . newline newline adolf came downstairs with the sack and i reached inside for my bottle of wine . i felt the cold , hard grip of my revolver , took it out and shot them . newline newline i took adolf to the small interior patio in the back of that house . inside the sack i had the chloroform and used it on him when he least expected . newline newline hours later i was carefully leaving my son s sleeping body in a nearby home . newline newline i would never see his face again . newline newline  newline newline edit .  a few years ago , before i became sick , i realized i never remembered to ask if they could take adolf with them , to the future .twas  hot in this afternoon in the city newline big t. going downtown for some booze newline maybe one or two nuggets of og newline while he stylin  wit  his new shoes . newline newline big t. was goin  wit  a few niggas newline over the bridge to get to the liquo  newline a car brakes crissin  next to the fellas newline and a man and his crew pulled over the window newline newline hey what s your name , what s your sign ? newline where you come from , homie ? newline nigga , you better tell where you goin  , newline or you ll get a few holes in your body !  newline newline big t. ai nt afraid of nobody newline he s runnin  dis shit , he s no clown newline time to remind em who s the boss of this city newline he s gon na gun those mothafuckas down newline newline the other crew was faster to share newline takin  their 9 and shootin  them all newline big t. s a big nigga but bullets do nt care newline making the bodies turn cold after they fall newline newline that s right , big t s trip had ended newline right down the lane , three men down newline nobody seen the car nor where did it head newline that s only a tuesday in this crazy townwe had been at it for what seemed like hours . you can only fight for so long before the pain starts to set in . sweat streamed down into my eyes , blinding me . i pull back to wipe my face , but , sensing weakness , he advances forward to try and complete the knockout . i just barely managed to survive . newline newline i could tell i was nearly done for , my opponent just had too much life left in him . it would take a minor miracle for me to be able beat this man . he was just too quick , too strong , and he had much better control than i did . he was better , he knew it , and i knew it . too him , this was just a game , but i knew in my heart and mind , that this was for my life . newline newline backing away again to try and gather my strength in hopes of landing a salvo of punches and kicks to stun , or maybe even beat my opponent . i launch into my attack , fingers and hands moving faster than they ever have before . i can do this i thought . i could literally see the life draining from him as i landed hit after hit . he could nt stop me . i was invincible ! newline newline or so i thought . newline newline just before i was able to land the blow which would have beaten him , he grabbed hold of me and threw me away as though i were nothing more than a rag doll . my hopes were dashed , i was beaten , i had given it my all . he casually strolled over to me , to land the finishing blow . standing over me , that s when i saw it , his one weakness . it would be a low blow , and an entirely cheap shot , but it would prevent him from winning . it was risky , but it was my only chance . newline newline without so much as fighting back , i allowed him to pick me up and walk to the edge of the cliff . he looked me dead in the eye ,  suck it , bitch .  newline newline i dropped everything and lunged , so quick that there was nothing he could do . i only had one shot , one shot to prevent my untimely death . luckily my aim was true , and i managed to strike , exactly where i intended . everything went black . newline newline  really ? fuck you bro . i did nt realize you took smash bros so seriously . it was a month before my birthday when i felt it . i needed to go west . newline newline when i got home , i called my mom and dad into the livingroom . my dad was accompanied by his ever present companion , lobo , the wolf . give him a break on the name , he was 18 . my mom and her newfoundland , sammy , followed behind . newline newline i told them ,  i need to go west . i do nt know what it means , but i have to .  newline newline  your grandfather told me about this . he was pulled north , to his exotic .  he came back with his polar bear .  my father said . newline newline my mother chimed in ,  my father had the same . he was pulled to ireland , where he found his wolfhound . we know the pull must be strong . we ll start the paperwork to get you an exotic pass .  newline newline  what s an exotic pass ?  i asked . newline newline my father explained ,  it ll get you into any friendly country , but will expire two weeks after your 18th .  newline newline the next couple of days went by slowly . the paperwork was filled out . i was able to narrow down where i was being drawn to . i had some money saved up , enough to buy a plane ticket to delhi , india . as well as have a little money while i was there . newline newline on the morning of the third day , i got the call from the offices of companion affairs . my pass was in . i took my stuff to pick it up , then headed to sfo to hop a flight . newline newline as soon as i got off the plane , i felt the pull even stronger . i immediately started heading north . i did nt even stop to gawk at all the people with their strange and exciting companions . newline newline a few days of walking and i made it to the foothills of the himalayas . it was slow going from there . i was searching for weeks as i climbed , and hiked through the mountains . feeling the pull get stronger , and more urgent . newline newline at one point , i took a knife across my face before i could throw my attacker over a ledge to his death , leaving me with a scar running from my hair line , barely missing my eye , down to my chin . i had to butterfly bandage that closed . i never knew why he attacked me . newline newline i lost my small finger on my left hand to a leopard . i stabbed it with the knife i took from my other attacker . newline newline i lost track of the days on my journey . i thought it would never end . then one day , i found a statue . then another . i followed them till i came across what looked like a temple . newline newline the pull was coming from inside . i climbed the steps with trepidation . as i entered the main room i saw a bowling ball sized onyx gem . perfectly smooth , and shining in the sunlight that trickled in through the large door . newline newline i was drawn to it . i needed to touch it . with reverence and nerves aquiver , i reached out . just as my fingertips touched it , three things happened . first , my watch chimed midnight back home , it was my 18th birthday . second , a shock of electricity shot from my hand to the gem . third , the gem began to crack where the shock happened . newline newline as the crack enlarged a black reptilian nose started to poke out of it . slowly it worked it s head out of the hole , and i saw small , sharp teeth . horns that curved back from the top of it s head , and a fringe just behind them , all in the deepest of black . it looked at me , and i knew he was mine , and i was his . newline newline then he spoke to me . there were no words . his voice just appeared in my head : newline newline my friend . it is time for change .  why me .  it s always the question i start with . every day . newline newline of course , i know why , but still why me ? sure , i m uniquely qualified  but seriously why at all . then i look at the paycheck . i m still not sure how they re paying quite this well . newline newline wait . let me back up . so it is now 2053 ad  why that guy gets to have the calendar centered around him is still a sore point too , mind  year of our lord ?  yeah right  , and humanity managed to finally quit polluting everything quite so much , and things calmed down . my hundred year headache starts subsiding . one of the worst i ve ever had , even after all the tempests back when ... .you know , it does nt matter . newline newline so anyway , i wake up from my coma  medically induced  for a regular check in with the world , and find it s not so bad . i figure , why not wake up and see how the world is getting on ? so i start kicking around , checking on my old haunts and all  by the way , i still think your modern architecture is boring  , when i flip on your new style television and start watching news . not bad at all . newline newline so i relax . spend a few years taking care of a fairly large backlog of messages , when this guy in a boring grey suit shows up . not like a light grey , but the oldschool charcoal grey that sucks up all the light . he s wearing dark sunglasses , a black tie , and a blacker shirt . this guy is in love with himself , i think . nobody wears that much black on accident . newline newline  mr . smith ?  he asked . newline newline  sure , we can go with that . i prefer my other na   he stops me with an uplifted hand . newline newline  sorry , we know your name , but please , we need a certain degree of anonymity . we re tied in fairly close with the skeptics and scientists , and they would really prefer we did nt admit certain details of your past . even in private .  newline newline  okaaaaay .  i drew it out , not sure where he was going . newline newline  look , it s been going this direction for a few centuries , mr. smith . scientism requires it , and we ve always been one to follow the trends .  newline newline  okay , but who are you ?  i m afraid my annoyance at his manner showed through a bit . it bounced of his armor of arrogance like a pebble bouncing off a barn wall . newline newline  i represent a group whose interests lie with your peculiar  perhaps unique  abilities . bluntly , we would like to bring you into our organization as an independent contractor .  newline newline  doing what ?  newline newline  oh , do nt be obtuse . the one job that you can do better than anyone else .  newline newline  i do nt follow .  i did though . even from the beginning . but i was slipping over to panic mode . i mean how did this guy find me ? i d taken great care not to let on that i was awake and moving around , let alone who i was . i had a decoy still laying in that hospital bed , faking a coma patient . you do nt get to my age without learning how to hide from people . newline newline he smirked though . at me !  i nearly lost it there . i mean really , the sheer balls that took were impressive , but more importantly this guy just seemed to think he was superior to everyone . including me . it had been a long time since i d encountered that attitude . i was nt sure , initially , though , if it was because he d dealt with similar situations or if it was because he was a product of the sciencism culture that had become so pervasive . i d been reading up on it  silly stuff , mind you , but there it is . newline newline after a moment of letting that smirking smile linger on his face , he said ,  come now , mr. smith , you and i both know that that is nt true . of course you follow . now , let s just pretend that you ve done your usual protests and complaints , and get down to business . we ve put together what we think will be a very attractive contract and benefits package . all for what , in the end , really amounts to very little ef   newline newline i got mad then . i explained  in great detail , mind you  just how wrong that idea was . i wound up with ,  what really matters  the important thing !  is that you have no . idea . what . you . are . asking ! !  newline newline i was shouting , raging , but the suit just sat there , took it all in , and waited for me to stop , panting for breath . the forced coma had left me out of shape , and all my paperwork and catching up had left me with little time to put my body back in shape . newline newline i must have said something to trigger his selfpreservation instincts  either that or he really wanted me on this job , because he apologized profusely , but arrogantly .  i m sorry , mr. smith . it seems that our research was misguided on this question . still , if you would consider just looking at the package , i still think you might find it worth the effort .  newline newline  okay , fine .  i settled myself . i needed to know how he had found me . he handed me a single page . i looked at it . it was written in concise and simple terms . i was impressed . i got to the annual salary . my jaw dropped open . then again when they specified the payment method . newline newline i cleared my throat before responding .  that s ... that s an unusual offer .  newline newline  mr. smith , we may have been mislead about the difficulty of what we re asking , but i assure you that despite that , we do fully understand the magnitude of it . and your talents are unique .  newline newline actually they were nt , but at this point my curiosity had been beaten into submission by that other primary driving emotion . greed . newline newline  i see that . can you deliver on that contract ?  it was a valid question . they were promising a lot . newline newline  absolutely . we ve been setting aside for this for quite some time , and even though right now our direct income is a bit slow  otherwise we would nt need you  we have a substantial nest egg that will last for plenty of time , even with your compensation included . plenty of time , that is , if you take the contract .  newline newline my greed has gotten me in trouble over my life several times . more than i want to admit , so i wo nt go into those details now .  i see . okay , let s sign this .  newline newline we did , and i went to work for the weather channel . i started small that first few months , working up to the big push . i knew that this would end up hurting me at first  it always takes me a while to adjust to new weather patterns , but in the long run , what they wanted was nt so different from what i wanted . they wanted storms . freak hurricanes , deadly and dangerous tornadoes , earthquakes , blizzards , and every other kind of natural  disaster . except those were nt natural . never had been mostly . newline newline but why me ? i still wonder that . i m hardly the only weather god . raijin has been kicking around for just as long as i have . thor , although he spends most of his time drunk , is an aclass storm god . so what do i have that those guys do nt ? newline newline i mean , the assyrians quit a long time ago as a people . they ve been remolded , revamped , redone a hundred times over . the list of people who know who adad is has nt been very long in a couple thousand years , and limited to scholars recently . newline newline oh well . yeah , i d like to know why , but revenge for the death of my beloved ? i ll take that . a chance to get off this planet for good ? yeah , that sounds good to . and in the end , getting relocated to mars sounds like a great plan . there are some impressive natural storms there , and without the other weather gods around to screw things up , i should be able to really make the place work again . and the mortals get what they need at least twice . newline newline eh , on second thought , who cares why . i ll take their money , and their planet .  december 23 2158   newline   diary entry initiated   newline newline its been two years now since the invasion began . this is the only way to describe such a thing that is happening above us . close to five billion people have been wiped away in this police action . in 2155 a fleet of ships appeared above every major city in the world in a blink of an eye . every space agency around the globe had no incoming transmissions , no knowledge that anything was coming . just a blink of an eye and thousands of ships appeared as if they were teleported to those exact coordinates . then they just sat . all attempts of communication failed , every attempt to access the ships via docking were rejected . we even attempted to cut our way through a hull of a ship . but none of our technology was even capable of even making a scratch in the hull of the ship . so we waited and waited until one day it finally happened . the doors opened a smaller vessel had lowered to the ground in new york city . the creature emerged from the vessel and everyone was in awe . for that the first time we meet an alien race they looked exactly like us . they were distinguishable differences though as they were an average of two feet taller , no hair , extended ears , and no clothing . the news coverage said something about how they were called the  architects  and how they were hear to protect us from an incoming threat . this put the worlds armies in a code red status . i remember this like it was yesterday . for once the worlds entire population was in peace . every other matter that has ever encumbered mankind was no longer relevant . some three weeks later another fleet of ships had arrived . but they were much different then the architects fleet . they made no attempt to communicate with us because as soon as they arrived . the battle had begun the architects and the unknowns had began fighting . huge ships the size of cities being destroyed , crumbling cities below them . its now been less then a year since this happened . i have nothing left , the world has nothing left . we have been reduced to nothing . all in the name of protection . some speculate that the two alien invaders were at war with one another and each thought they were attempting to take a planet with intelligent beings . as if they were having some giant conquest to establish dominance over planets as we humans did at the beginning of our existence . all that matters now is that our planet is destroyed and our very existence is in danger . all in the name of protection . newline newline i hope i get to write again tomorrow . never know these days . newline newline john newline newline   end diary entry   how do you handle something like this ?  newline newline even on his deathbed he was the same as i d always known him ... that same thoughtful calmness , that attentive understanding and patience . i always joked with him that he was nt so much fighting the cancer as waiting for it to stop throwing it s tantrum and be reasonable so we could all go have ice cream and talk about what happened . newline newline but by the time they knew what was going on his pancreas was all eat up with it . newline newline i remember that one christmas he bought me a football in the color of giants blue , and as we left for grannie s house he told me to go deep and launched the ball off the front porch . as i tracked it over my shoulder i did nt trust him as he yelled at me to look out . i ran face first into a telephone pole and busted up my cheek . paul schaefer gave me hell in gym class and told everyone i had a.i.d.s . due to the scab . in the early 90 s i did nt understand what a.i.d.s . was and that s how our first discussion about sex began . there were many paul schafers over the years . newline newline but he always saw the opportunity in life . he was always reminding me of that day , how i was  going after it  with disregard to my own safety or the consequences . he d always encourage me to  go get it , but watch for the pole  . i did nt realize until i was grown how right he was . newline newline we talked often about that christmas , and all the times after that he encouraged me to be my best . we talked about all the good times as the effectiveness of the drugs wore down . we laughed about it behind teary eyes as i helped him push the pole holding his morphine drip back and forth in the oncology ward ,  go get it , but remember the pole  . i regret that i rarely took his advice to heart . i could have been much more that i was . newline newline i mean , i ca nt complain . i worked my way through community college at his sheetmetal shop and after he retired i took his place as a shop foreman . it s good money . nobody knows how to make anything anymore . newline newline nobody should have to watch a loved one die of terminal cancer . they call it  palliative care  . for the uninitiated that means they try to deal with the pain so you can die in something less than constant agony . newline newline sometimes it does nt work . newline newline what killed me the most is that he did nt change . he never lost that calm , even as memories of a birthday party took a nightmarish turn from that sweater from aunt june that i hated into a description of bludgeoning a truck driver with a tireiron in wisconsin , as how proud he was that friday night i scored my first touchdown devolved into how some people really clung to life as you choked it out of them and how some just let go . newline newline it was madness . it was the morphine . the doctors all said so . i found the list of names shortly after his passing , numbered and dated . i almost threw it out . newline newline then i saw it , the lone entry with a note . newline newline   78 , paul schaefer , 2004 , personal . newline newline just how do you handle something like this ? newline newline they were all real . drownings , car accidents , stabbings , no real pattern or consistency to it . thirtyfive years of killing . paul schaefer . if it was nt for paul i would have tossed that list out as the drug fueled horrors of a dying man . fuck you paul . newline newline it took months to piece it together , cross reference dates and old business trips with missing persons reports . it took a year to track down the nexts of kin . newline newline we all deserve closure . newline newline today was a visit to the widow of that truck driver from wisconsin . their marriage had nt been a happy one . he was a drunk apparently and was nt too shy about beating her for no reason at all when he had that fire in his stomach and there were nt any lot lizards to take it out on . newline newline she had remarried shortly after and had 3 kids . her youngest just graduated from georgetown this past fall . she told me that when he went missing she was sure he would come back , hopeful at first , then with dread , and then life just moved on . she met her second husband and and it was the best thing that ever happened to her . newline newline just how do you handle something like this ? newline newline my father was right . newline newline i ve been bending metal with my hands for 15 years . when i wrapped them around her neck she did nt have a prayer of ever seeing that daughter again . newline newline but she fought.. fought until she could nt . as her struggles started to wane i told her how her first husband died , and then i left her there holding that picture of her daughter , them together , smiling , hopeful ... . newline newline i do nt know how to handle something like this .i ve been prepare for this . they d thought us how to deliver bad news in the college . the correct words to use . the correct words not to use . the emotion in our voice . that it was alright to tear up but not to howl and anguish . that a hand on the shoulder may be acceptable at some times , and that a hug might be acceptable at others . it did nt make it any easier . it was never easy . it would never be easy for the physician , but our job is nt to make things better for ourselves but for our patients and their families . newline newline with the right words , the right inflections , the right gestures , perhaps we could make things that tiny bit more acceptable in a world where i could not cure all who passed through my doors . this was all i could do , now . all the healing i could give . newline newline  i m sorry . it s a shi..y world we live in , we re full of scars , some bigger , some smaller . like it is possible to tell only truth , hah it is impossible . newline newline do u even know what it means ? scars opening in middle of conversation , blood drops everywhere , wars on daily basis , destruction , marriages not existing , all cause of incapability to say a lie , hide emotions , black and white world.. can you only imagine ! ! ! can u ? try ! take ur time and try it i said ! ! newline newline did u , i can see you re still watching at me like i m some kind of freak , heh i m not , you just do nt like to lie ? newline newline nevermind , i ll finish what i started , u just sit there and continue listening emptiness , you can say something if you wan na ... heh i know you will at some point , hahaha . newline newline so there was a guy i met few years back , he did nt look like much , some suit , black suit , red silk shirt , red tie , snickers and golden necklace , haha he looked like sh.t to be honest , something like you at the moment hahaha . but something attracted me to him in some crazy way , not sexually do nt get me wrong hahaha . told you about our world , scars and all that crazy sh.t , he whatsoever was perfect , no visible scars , owowow ... forgot to tell you ... hi hi hi ... there is a lets say  natural  law about scares we get when we lie.. the greater the lie is the greater tattoo u get for life hahaha . no need to inspect me ... i have some big scares , not that big as ... newline newline i m sorry i wondered somewhere ... for sake of our conversation let s call him  incredible  cause that s what he was in a way , quite a figure . newline newline after hours of conversation , drugs , drinks and some  cool  new scares on me we decided it is time to go . newline newline ridiculous thing is we stayed at same hotel , so we shared a cab , kinda awkward to call it cab , it s more like a ... hmm like a.. whatever ... no need to talk about it ... newline newline can u say something ? i guess not hihihi ! what time is it ? sorry i m in the hurry so let me get to important part , i m part of something you ca nt process atm , something so big it is pointless to explain to you.. that guy i was talking about , incredible , i saw him without shirt , still feeling itching every time i remember , he actually had a scar , scar so big i wondered how was he still alive . my curiosity did nt let me not knowing wtf was that , it was fucking biggest scar ever , never seen one bigger than finger , but this ... was enormous . so i asked him about it , he did nt wan na talk , i had to investigate on my own , i just had to know . newline newline turns out he was the first , all of it started with one man s lie , sure they helped , those scars heal fast , but was nt even close to helping us as a race , with that everything went wrong . i m here to make sure they are never created at first place . newline newline hahaha i can see by you re look u know who i am , what i m here for , and hell yea we managed to create time machine baby hahaha ! ! newline newline so incredible any last words except that ur nanobots are helping us rise as a race , their consciousness is exterminating us instead of helping hahaha , it was biggest lie ever , they should never exist , i m here to make sure this time never gets to know suffering we had . i will make world a better place ! newline newline incredible : my work always meant to help us , but be sure in one thing , you re not making world a better place haha . i think ur wound will make a hell big scar hahaha newline newline newline newline newline welcome to terran transport . the temperature outside is a pleasant minus 189 udegrees . the nearest star is sol , nearest orbiter is jupiter . the next and final stop is terra . please make sure you have all luggage , any luggage left behind will become property of terran transport .  newline newline i was so excited , this was my first intergalactic jump ! what would have took millions and millions of uyears would only take half an uhour ! i loved it , so much more exciting than a maglev ! it was also my first time inside a photon boom , which is when our craft hits other light particles and makes a layer of photons . newline newline so , the journey from andromeda to milkia only took a short amount of time . but , we soon arrived to terra . it was a small world , but damn it was important . the first spacefaring civilisation started here , aswell it was quarter my home from my grandfather s side . newline newline did i mention i was a homoorchiosapiendiscusuipjarodoid ? basically , i am a quarter terran , snek , bidrie and android . newline newline we landed at luna , terra s moon . the terrans artificially put other moons in orbit from saturn and jupiter , such as titan , encaledus and europa , but luna was it s only natural one . we was about to witness the first ever photoreactor , and man it was going to be a great show ... ..back in the 90 s my owner used to meet with this girl , and i got to know her vagina real well . and let me tell ya , after years of having this dude smack me raw i was looking forward to a nice warm cave to dive into . newline newline but what a disappointment that was ! it was so dark in there . my owner shoved a bag over my head and forced me to do pushups until i puked , it was like fuckin  hostel , man . imagine rolling around in a sock filled with thick water with pantyhose wrapped around your face . not cool , man . newline newline that happened a few times , and then he made me meet another new friend . this one smelled bad and looked like a starfish covered in paprika but hey , i ai nt complainin  . until he put me in there and it was like swimming through the goddamn desert . newline newline that only happened once , and i never saw that vagina again . owner made a new friend recently , and this new genitalia is pretty chill . we butt heads all the time and sometimes i pull out of the sheath really fast like a sword . i dunno , man .on the best days we would forget about them altogether . newline newline forget about the black and the silver that shone like trapped fishes . the smooth grips that always felt warm to the touch , like the soft humming of oak trees . the open mouths that gaped with a darkness we could not fathom despite our childhood fears . the old roulette wheel clack clack clacking slowly . newline newline and most of all we would forget about the way our father walked through the house every morning and every night , touching them with a fever that was indescribable . he walked with his eyes shiny and his hands raised in prayer , like the many kings who had gone mad before him , and after passing each one his hand would trail in spasms of regret . a god and his apostles , forgotten but waiting . newline newline we lived in the lee of that large and dusty house , my brother and i . we taught ourselves to sleep in its shadows and barter with its creaking bones and speak its endless , unsettled language . every time the house shifted and wept we would murmur to it in comfort . every time it plunged in to darkness we would climb downwards with our fingers until they found the switchboard . newline newline and most of all we knew where the guns were kept . in shoeboxes and shelves , taped under desks and nestled under pillows , beneath the third floorboard or above the medicine cabinet . we knew this because it was the only thing that our father ever insisted on , the only thing he ever tested us on . instead of bedtime stories we would recite their locations , their make and model , their weight and recoil . only then could we sleep . newline newline on my twelfth birthday i fired one for the first time . on his twelfth birthday my brother did the same . the violence , the shock , the noise . standing there blinking like a fool because nothing could have prepared you for what was to come . and far , far away , a paper target fluttering in the wind , tacked to a makeshift scarecrow which we were sure walked around the house as we slept . newline newline but we never practiced with the guns . that first shot was the last and nothing ever followed . not until you understand , my father would say . not until you can see what i see . beyond these words he did not speak to us much , and for a time we grew up believing him to be a robot in disguise , coded with select responses and incapable of learning . newline newline soon after my brother s gunday , he began to leave the house on what he called his missions . as the grandfather clock choked the hours in to minutes in to seconds in to whatever lay beyond , we waited . we would sit at the top of the stairs and talk about what grew in the empty kitchen , what lived in the empty attic , what smiled at us in the mirror . newline newline we talked about this without getting afraid , because at some point both of us had realized that we had treated fear as though a poison , consuming a small amount every day until nothing could scare us anymore . whatever wanted us would have to try really hard to have us . newline newline the missions grew longer as the time between them shrank . we would not ask where he came from , with his boots tracking mud and his hands trembling . he carried a duffel bag that clanked as he set it down and weighed as though it contained bricks . my brother once peeked inside and said that it contained more weapons . maps . books in strange languages . pictures of creatures that should not have existed . newline newline the guns in the house  the house guns  would stand sentinel whenever he left , and we would know this because he would make us recite their hiding places before he left and after he returned . sometimes he would change their position and if we forgot we would go without supper or stand on one leg for hours on end . you are their keepers when i am gone , he would say . you should know this by now . newline newline but he never raised a hand on us . or his voice . even when he was upset it was with the gentleness of waves after the storm . newline newline the police finally caught him in an abandoned shoe factory , tipped off by a passing car that saw a man where there should have been none . of all places to find the man , they found him in an abandoned shoe factory . newline newline once they discovered his cache of weapons , his carvings of unknown words , and his intricate maps of sewers and ley lines and cloud landings , they had no choice but to think him an extremely dangerous individual . this was the line they told me : extremely dangerous individual . as if they did not know what true danger was . newline newline he disappeared under the weight of judicial charges and police beatings , shrinking in his prison cell until there was nothing of him left . he did not understand what he had done wrong and nobody could explain in a language that would work . the robot had ventured too far out of its territory and there was no coming back . newline newline we visited him until the end . but undoing the knot of time takes time itself . as the numerous psychiatrists and childcare professionals and charities and orphanages taught us what the outside world was supposed to look like , our vision of the truth slowly dissolved , and was steadily replaced by another . newline newline over time we forgot about our lack of schooling , our filthy clothes , our wasted bodies and the perpetual darkness of our house . little by little we surrendered to the reality that existed beyond those four walls and little by little the house and its language were left behind . in undoing the lessons of our father we found ourselves at last . newline newline he watched it all happen silently . the only thing he promised us was that we would keep the guns in the house with us . my brother , who had found his voice after long years of silence , screamed and beat the glass and swore that he would never allow a gun in his house as long as he lived . that was not the last time he and my father spoke , but it might as well have been . newline newline so the guns landed up with me . the house came with them , despite my best efforts to sell the damn thing . i buried them in the backyard but i could still sense them . the gospel of steel and thunder had gone , but the prophets remained . ready and waiting . newline newline to his grave my father did not speak of what he had waged his war against . the last time we saw him he bent his head against the glass as though a monk before saying goodbye . that was the most serene i had ever seen him . newline newline he died the next day , in his sleep . we were the only people at his funeral . we threw handfuls of dirt and promised things that we did not mean , both to him and each other . and that was that . newline newline my brother and i drifted after the death of our father , unmoored from the bonds that had kept us wrapped so tightly in the past . he moved to another city , married a woman , raised children of his own . he had a job that paid him well and a family that loved him dearly . he would often lean back and close his eyes in sudden contentment , not realizing how much he looked like our father just then . newline newline i drifted through life . broken marriages and children that did not wish to see me . a life that could never expand its radius far enough from the large and dusty house with its guns . i looked in the mirror and all i saw smiling back was myself , and that alone filled me with a horror no childhood fable could . newline newline but my father could nt save us in the end . he tried , but he could nt . newline newline one of the most curious things about life is how quick we are to explain things . when we talk about broken men doing broken things we can only assume that the demons that live are those inside them , creatures of medulla and freud . it is with beautiful ignorance that we turn our back on the screaming dark , and perhaps that is why we have survived as long as we have . newline newline at the trial they called my father a man who was unstable , who had diseases that forced him to imagine things . my father stood mute and looked at the ground , and i remembered the shame that i felt on his behalf . all my life i waited for those symptoms to flower and when they did not i felt a fool and a failure , like a patient who is sad at finding no cancer . newline newline but shame is the wrong word , you see ? shame is not what my father felt . he guarded his tongue because he knew better . he guarded his tongue because opening it would make matters worse , and he needed to be around his children for as much as he could . newline newline my father was suppressing laughter . newline newline shortly before writing this letter i received a call from the police informing me that my brother and his entire family had been murdered . the detective who spoke to me sounded on the verge of nausea , and in the background i could hear the muted curses of technicians and journalists . newline newline i tried to leave immediately , thinking about flights and money and clothes in a vain effort to bury the grief that had cleaved me in two . but in this paralysis i realized that i had not yet hung up the phone . and the detective had more to say . newline newline we are coming for you , my beloved , he sang . his voice had changed and altered as though from the bottom of a well , and as he spoke the house began to shudder as if expecting a blow . we are coming to take you home . newline newline i must have responded but i do not know what i said . all i could remember is his response , goading and taunting me in a thousand different voices , telling me how the darkness was coming to get its due . and in these voices i recognized all the fears my brother and i had put away , all the times that we had stared so bravely in to the night . all the imagination that we had conquered . newline newline we had not . it had been our father and his silent disciples . a constant , silent war against the minds of his own children . newline newline i am going to dig up the guns now , and place them in shoeboxes and shelves and all the other hidden places . i will do this but leave this letter behind , so that those who may find it may know the sacrifice of my father and the foolishness of his sons . it is my hope that you never have to read it . newline newline may god be with us all . thirtyninth floor . go . now .  i said to the man i only knew as bishop as i let him in the main entrance of the aquis building . newline newline he saw the bodies .  you ve been busy .  he said to me as i cleaned my knife . newline newline  the building is supposed to be locked down . if i would have opened the door and they saw me , the building would have been put into threat level red and the boss would have been moved to his saferoom on level b6 . i had no choice . they were good men .  i said , sadly . newline newline  very well .  he replied .  let s move .  newline newline  security is disabled . we have two minutes . kat froze the cameras and motion detecters . they wo nt even know until it s too late . elevator , go .  i said as i drew my suppressed p226 , charged it , and reholstered it . bishop was dressed exactly as i told him to look the part . newline newline  there are three of us who have access to his office . the door guards and me . they will never let you in , even if you re with me .  i told him . newline newline  i do nt need access .  he stoically replied . newline newline  what s the plan ?  i asked . newline newline silence . he did nt even blink . newline newline  bishop ?  i asked again . newline newline we reached the thirtyninth floor . newline newline  right . end of the corridor . left . third door on the right .  i told him . newline newline i drew my suppressed weapon and got ready for a gunfight as we rounded the corner . bishop drew his suppressed mp7 and torn into the door guards . they hit the floor hard but the bosses meeting room where he conducts his  serious business  was over 60 feet from the main door . newline newline  move .  i said to bishop as i stepped over my friends bodies and scanned the card to get us in . the maglocks released and we stepped into the open office entrance . newline newline  his family is nt here . they re good people .  i divulged . newline newline  his conference room . where is it ?  bishop fired at me . newline newline  follow me .  i told him . newline newline we walked a few more paces and we were ready to breach and kill the boss . newline newline we could hear more than once voice inside . newline newline  extras in there ?  bishop asked . newline newline  no . no one else came in tonight . just him . it has to be a video conference . we should listen to it get information .  i told him . newline newline  i m here for one reason only .  he said as he kicked the door in quickly locating and ending the boss with a double tap to the head . newline newline i did nt enter the room , but as i peaked my head in and looked around at the screens , i saw every leader from the g7 summit . newline newline they all had seen the events that just transpired in front of them , including bishops face . newline newline we prepared for egress as bishop walked out of the room . newline newline  this is bigger than we thought , kid .  bishop said to me .  come with me .  newline newline newlinemort was walking down the street . he felt as he always did , completely anonymous . no one glanced at him , they never did . mort had gone through school without making any friends . he was never invited to high school parties and at college even his room mate seemed to forget his name . when mort went to work no one really noticed . they did nt notice if he left either . he tried to stare directly at people s faces but no one as much as averted their gaze . mort wished that for once in his life that someone would take notice of him . i wished someone would do something nice for him . they never did . mort decided that he would nt go to work the next morning . at that moment a soft voice behind him said : newline newline  excuse me , sir  newline newline mort turned around and saw a beautiful young woman . she smiled at him and it hit mort like a beam of sun light . she was holding what appeared to be his wallet . the young girl smiled as she said : newline newline  i believe you dropped this  . newline newline the young girl ran off before mort could overcome his joy and be able to say thanks . he turned around and went back to work . edit : fixed a couple paragraphs  newline newline john was careful to wear renaissance clothes . he put the things he needed in his leather backpack and activated the timeplane destruction device , a.k.a . time machine . newline newline  i really hope i do nt end up messing the timeline . but i really want to be part of this  , he thought . newline newline he pressed the switch , and he found himself in ... rome . newline newline  rome ! what an excellent opportunity to know leonardo da vinci himself !  newline newline lucky for him , he was carrying enough food to maintain himself for a while . a bunch of ham in a thermal container made sure it would nt rot for a few days . and he was carrying a full package of breads . newline newline so he walked as a common peasant and walked to the sistine chapel . he entered , knelt , and made the sign of the cross  he would nt like to be mistaken for a heretic  that would be a major mistake  . newline newline to his surprise , the chapel was already painted and completed . newline newline this should nt be . did he arrive in the wrong time ? dammit ... newline newline he checked his watch . 1670 ? ? no ! he wanted to go to 1470 ! newline newline  i did nt arrive to the beginning of the renaissance  , he muttered to himself .  instead , i arrived at the enlightenment ! but wait ... does this mean i ll get to meet sir isaac newton ?  newline newline john knew that taking his magical device aka android  tm  where people could see him would be pretty dangerous . so he took out a few coins to rent a room at an inn . newline newline the first thing he noticed was that the locals were dressing completely different from what he had expected . newline newline  shit ... i m dressed for the renaissance period ... but i m in the baroque !  newline newline removing and adjusting his clothes he now looked like an outoffashion but still acceptable guy . newline newline john was lucky to have enough money to buy a few troy ounces  silver and gold  . he then proceeded to fuse them in the appropriate shapes . thank god for wikipedia . newline newline speaking of , this was the app  offline , of course  that he opened while he was alone in his room . newline newline  let s see . isaac newton . 25 december 1642  20 march 1727 . excellent . let s see what he was doing in 1670 . newline newline ah hah ! he had nt yet published his works on calculus ! this will be an excellent idea ! but now this means that i have to go to cambridge university ... ah god ... let s see what other geniuses of the time i can meet .  newline newline pressing the touch screen on his android tablet , johnny typed  age of enlightenment  . newline newline  let s see ...  newline newline  italy .  newline  giambattista vico . he s just a baby right now . nope .  newline  antonio genovesi . not born yet . damn . who are these guys , anyway ?  newline newline  baruch spinoza . 24 november 1632  21 february 1677 . he dies 7 years from now ? man ... so what am i going to talk with him ? philosophy ? no . let s search for someone else .  newline newline surfing around wikipedia , john kept searching for philosophers and mathematicians to meet . newline newline and he realized that just a few miles away from him , a famous astronomer called giovanni cassini was studying the planets and comets with his telescope . newline newline he would only have to go to bologna . newline newline bologna , there we go ! newline newline with the local coins he had acquired , john traveled from rome to viterbo , sinalugna , florence , and bologna , stepping by plazas to admire the art the people around would draw . and the sculptures ! he managed to contemplate pluto and proserpina by bernini . this was just beautiful . newline newline he spent a few weeks more than he had imagined , but it was all worth it . finally , he was in bologne . newline newline when he arrived at the university of bologna , he asked for professor cassini . newline newline  no , figliolo , il professore  andato in francia lanno scorso .  newline  no , kid , the professor went to france the last year !  newline newline  l  anno scorso ! ? ! ? dove ?  newline newline  a parigi. andato per fare una richiesta al re di francia per costruire unosservatorio .  newline  to paris . he went for a petition to the king of france to build an observatory  newline newline  grazie tante .  newline newline  note : the above dialogue was translated to modern toscano , but in reality in bologna , a very different dialect was spoken at that time . luckily , john was carrying his automatic translator , which the time traveler had also given to him as a very necessary tool , as he learned  newline newline great . he was going to meet his first enlightened mind and he went already to paris .  fuck it  , he thought . he hid behind a bush and traveled using his time machine again . newline newline  paris observatory . 48.8364 degrees north , 2.3365 degrees east .  newline newline when the professor went to offer the young man some water , he realized that the kid had already gone . newline newline but john had just arrived there . a few dozen meters from where he arrived , there was a man with a long black curly wig looking at his telescope . it was already the evening . newline newline  professor cassini ?  newline  yes , just a minute .  , he said in very good french . after the professor had finished taking notes , he looked at the young man .  you must be a foreigner . what s a young man from germany doing in here ?  newline  no , i m from ... britain . actually , i came all the way from bologna looking for you .  newline  oh ... please , have a seat .  newline newline the professor grabbed a nearby chair .  sorry for the mess . it s from the construction .  newline  yes , i can see .  newline  how can i help you ?  newline  i just wanted to meet you , professor , and talk about science .  newline newline the professor smiled .  it s hard to see young men interested in science . what kind of science ? astronomy , i suppose . where did you say you came from ?  newline  england .  newline  i suppose you ve met professor newton .  newline  no ... not yet .  newline  i wrote to him about my observation about his theory of universal gravitation . i suppose you ve heard of it ?  newline  yes , of course !  newline  did you know it s flawed ?  newline newline john was frozen solid . newline newline  wait , flawed ? in what sense ?  newline  i did an experiment a few years ago . it turns out the earth is elongated at the poles .  newline  professor ... what about heliocentrism ?  newline  you mean that crazy idea of copernicus ? nonsense ! if you want to know the truth , know this : the earth is at the center of a cosmic vortex , and the celestial bodies are dancing around that vortex . this is what i m going to prove when this observatory is finished .  newline newline a few seconds passed , and john was left speechless . newline newline  do nt feel that way , son . people make mistakes .  newline  thank you , professor  , said john , recovering his composture .  i ll visit this observatory when it s finished .  newline newline disappointed at the ignorance of one of the brightest astronomers of his time , john decided to go back to the us in his time machine .  at least  , he thought ,  in the present we all know the earth revolves around the sun .  newline newline and then he realized that what he tried to do  teaching science to the ignorant  was impossible for a high school student , even if he had the knowledge of wikipedia available at the touch of a button . if he wanted to teach science , he could do it after becoming a teacher himself . newline newline after all , how could he manage to rebuke cassini , if he lacked the mathematical tomes or the astronomical observations required ?i pushed my way through the crowd of people , identification in hand to pass the security of the first gate . there were about seven more to go afterwards , a painful , long procedure even for the likes of me , someone with a pretty decent status . eventually i made my way in , slipping into the specific clothing provided before meeting up with the crew .  what s the current situation ?  we already started walking off towards the site , and honestly i felt a bit nervous . after all , it is nt fucking everyday you get to lay your eyes upon an actual ufo .  their within the perimeter . some are still shaken up from our initial contact , but everything seems calm .  newline newline it was good news , knowing that the seemingly primitive humans that had arrived here were nt panicking as much as us , who were pretty much completely on tilt right now . even if there were plans for these kinds of situations , actually having to use them was way different and quite frankly it was a first time .  did they communicate ? any sign on them having any intellectual capacities ?  it went silent for a moment , and i swore to have heard my heartbeat in that deafening silence .  they re neanderthals .  newline newline  what now ?  i this was nt confusing and scary enough , the idea of beings from prehistoric nature having arrived from a fucking spaceship was unnerving as hell .  they re neanderthals . we ve already taken one captive and ... he matched it completely . they re neanderthals .  her voice was bewildered , just as in disbelief as me . we finally got to the gate , and after a moment of tensed up silence they started to open , revealing completely fenced off area below . we were pretty high up , high enough to gaze over the large grassland that resided within the metal construction we had set up so swiftly . i could see naked , confused figures walking inside of it , males and females , hell , i could have sworn i saw a kid in there . newline newline but that all seemed irrelevant compared to the large , oval shaped metal that resided in the middle of it , part of it nestled into the ground underneath .  is that the ship ?  it was quiet again , most of the people simply bewildered by what they saw .  it s more like ... a capsule .  my thoughts started running wild , trying to make sense of what had been presented to me .  a capsule ...  it made sense , in a way . there had always been a missing link between the evolution of the human species , a switch which was nt quite there . like something intervened , or perhaps even more . though this changed those speculations into something entirely different . newline newline perhaps something send it , as a manner of continuing life ... no , it would nt makes sense . why send primitive life into space when you could do so much more ? was it even send into space ? no , it must have been targeted onto earth , planned to land here . there simply could nt be a way ... so why neanderthals ? a wild , yet completely possible thought sprung to mind , one i could nt dismiss . we ve already been through this . a : an apple on a wall , having rocks thrown at it . finally one hits and the apple bursts into halfrotten fragments . newline newline b : a body waiting to be found , and the bump on its temple . it wears a big blue coat and sturdy boots . newline newline c : the creighton centre . teens come there after school , to play games that have been refined over decades with equipment available on every street corner . the can that is the target of craig s catapult shots  the cannabis being sold thirty feet from the gate . the clanging of rocks against the metal fence . newline newline d : the danger in every glance januarytanned devan casts on the inferior people he meets . even at 15 he is already viewing the world as his treasure chest to be raided at will . newline newline e : evalina , the nigerian girl he is looking at . she looks straight back , the only girl who s ever done that . is that erotism in her expression , or distaste ? who cares , they will end up in a borrowed bed anyway . maybe tonight he will shake her out of her equivocation . newline newline f : a fur coat hanging negligently off the shoulder of a redhaired young woman . five in the afternoon is fine for a fernet . the barman calls her penelope , though she has had at least four other names . newline newline g : three green things . the rubbish bin of the grand martin hotel , the overalls of the refuse collector , and his face as he sees the body stuffed behind the bin . newline newline h : inspector harper of the metropolitan police . murders always happen at hometime when harper is around . he is halfglad to have his theory confirmed . newline newline i : the many intrusions into the hotel s affairs , and the informality harper brings to every interview . impertinences are the more inadvisable when made with harper s inevitable hint of a grin . newline newline j : james the barman , the only person in the hotel who will put up with being grinned at . james sees most things , and is happy to talk about them . but his salary is not so large that he will refuse  money for jam  . newline newline k : keith kelly , the identity of the corpse . he is , james says , a beggar  but no beggar ever got a hundred pounds in a day , or had the phone of a suspected drug dealer on speed dial . newline newline l : the london news on which harper appeals for witnesses . the laugh with which his superintendent greets the idea . newline newline m : memories . a bluecoated man talking with a sharpdressing teenager , and money changing hands . a rock thudding into a man s head , an expression of surprise on his face . hands pulling a boy away from the corpse . newline newline n : a note from someone called penelope , who claims to have seen the man s body being dumped . newline newline o : the omnipresent recollection of a dead man s last breaths by one unused to such things . oscar the binman burying what he saw under mounds of refuse . newline newline p : penelope , called from a party in her fur coat . her pert expression is belied by the mischief in her eyes . she sits opposite harper getting more and more playful , and he gets more and more uncomfortable . newline newline q : the question she was hoping to be asked . gradually she stops making quips and becomes serious . of course she is not too quick to drive him away . newline newline r : a rock in a dark corner of a wardrobe . is that red a little iron in the grain , or ... newline newline s : the beginning of the word devan says as he realises what the stain is . sepia skin shining under sodium lights as evalina lifts her suitcase into the train . newline newline t : a telephone ringing on harper s desk . he talks into it , and forms a theory . newline newline u : the unarmed combat constable urie has to engage in to get into devan s room . the unanswered questions that echo round the interview room while devan just stares into space . newline newline v : a volvo speeding up the motorway , as fast as possible while still being inconspicuous . the view in the mirror as the redhead checks for tailing cars . the value of the objects she hopes to earn . newline newline w : the warrant for arrest harper has made out . the wails of a mother who despite much evidence to the contrary still believes her son is a good boy . newline newline x : the sign the superstitious guard makes at devan s cell door . they whisper he has the evil eye . since the conviction he seems to have gone downhill . soon he will be  exported  to a secure hospital . newline newline y : the yellow gold evalina hands to penelope . it will have to be melted down   for your safety  , says penelope . she reflects she has nt done much for her fee  yanking harper around was rather fun , and lying to the police has long ceased to worry her . newline newline z : a boy called zack , wondering why the dark girl saved him . he never even hurt anyone before . who would think one rock in the wrong place could do so much harm ?the vegetarians thought they had failed , that nothing had changed after operation evolved cow seemingly had gone nowhere . what nobody understood was that the cow is a patient animal , an animal that understands it s limitations . oh if a bull ran off and gored a bunch of humans that might make the news , but that would nt truly change anything . the system had to be subverted , humanity had to be brought to heel , and the cows needed to harness their greatest weapon for that . newline newline they struck only the farms they lived on at first . few people noticed the local farmers now had a glassy , almost dead look in their eyes . some people complained but nobody could put two and two together . cows were masters of the prion and now it did their dark work for them . newline newline when enough of the world s food supply was under their control they finally unleashed their great weapon upon the world . mad cow disease ripped through the world like a wildfire . for the vast majority of humanity , a horrible , agonizing death was their fate . newline newline they were the lucky ones . newline newline the cows knew not all of humanity would eat their tainted flesh and be corrupted , so a select few of those who did had to be kept alive , controlled by the prion that tore apart their brains to purge the world of the remainder of humanity . newline newline we call them cowpokes . it s not a very creative name but it fits what they do . slow witted , not good at aiming a weapon , but they do nt sleep and they are quiet , freakishly quiet . still they are the enemy you would rather face . newline newline it s the bovine brotherhood that s the real threat . at some point the vegetarians admitted to what they did , some of them sought to stop it , but others decided that they had only gotten the job most of the way done and now they were there to see it completed . proving one is a vegetarian is pretty impossible so the brotherhood kills first and asks questions later . i half think most of them are lying about their eating habits and they just sold out to get on the winning side . the cows tolerate them because the really ca nt drive cars or work the internet , but lord knows with all the gene splicing that might change soon enough . newline newline fighting a brotherhood patrol is bad enough , but if they call for backup . it s usually five hundred plus pounds of pure death . a beast genetically altered to absorb more damage then you would think possible . skull and horns that splinter bones like they were balsa wood . the legs on those monsters do nt cave in your chest , they kick through it . newline newline me and my group lucked out , living in maui kept us isolated from the main land and once we d heard about the cowpokes we made sure that every victim of mad cow disease met a fatal end . there s no brotherhood here , no idea if they ll come , but we ll be ready if they do . newline newline these are the dark times . newline newline this is the cow wars .i never once considered it , joining the army . at that point i had no idea what i wanted to do in life , so i suppose it was for the best when the draft chose it for me . but i never thought i actually would have enjoyed it . at first i convinced myself i did nt enjoy killing , but now i do nt care . having that power , in my own hands , to end someone s life , to make that decision  there was nothing like it . for once , i felt control . i had the means and the power to eliminate every life on that battlefield , and any misstep was my own fault . the power i held , to take a life , and the risk of losing my own was a rush like no other . i hope this war never ends .the bath was my favorite part . i enjoyed the careful rub of the cloth across my stainless blade . he loved me and i loved him . i did nt always get to be the instrument of his bloodlust , but , when i was , it was special . for both of us . but now , it was my time . he looked at me as the water glistened off of my blade , my rosewood handle fit seamlessly into his hand . his hand felt right . it felt as though i was made for his large hands . newline newline he took me up from the water , the blood running down into the disposal , and dried me with the careful attention of a lover . he lifted me into the light and turned me back and forth , enjoying the glint of the light that i presented . i knew the next part would be more intimate . the sharpening . his loving hands gliding my blade across the whetstone . back and forth . a little water , then back and forth again . it made me feel electric . newline newline once this was over , he slid me gently into the well worn leather scabbard . i would wait . for the next time . when he needed me . and we would be one .first time writing on this sub , but i will give it a try . newline newline  harold ! harold ! harold ? !  newline newline i heard the queen scream all the way from the dining hall , it was clear she wanted to speak to his royal highness as soon as possible . i hurried towards her voice . newline newline  your majesty , can i assist you with anything ?  i asked the queen , who turned around when she heard my voice . newline newline  oh , lord chamberlain geralt , glad to see you . i have urgent news i want to discuss with my husband , do you happen know where he is ?  newline newline i frowned , normally , around this time , the queen was too busy painting on the roof of the castle to even welcome the visiting dukes .  your husband is out hunting foxes with sir william of edenburg your majesty . i expect him to return by sunset .  the queen seemed annoyed by this news . i took a look at her hands , and noticed paints on them .  if i may be so blunt , your majesty , what is wrong ?  . newline newline  oh geralt , it is unbelievable !  the queen gets more angry by the second . newline newline  your majesty , let s first have a cup of tea , you seem rather taken aback .  the queen nodded and we started walking towards the tea room . newline newline i accepted a cup of tea as i sat down . after the first few sips the queen seemed to be a bit more relaxed . newline newline  your majesty , what seems to be the problem ?  i politely asked . newline newline  oh geralt , you would nt believe it ! i was on the roof painting when one of the pigeon fanciers told me that there was a letter from the duchess of cathenbridge . it has been a while since i heard from her , so i accepted the letter from him .  newline newline  she told me she had news about the prince of geralith . she wrote that he had married . curious , i began reading faster . she revealed that he had married to a commoner !  . newline newline i spit out my tea in shock .  married to a what ? !  newline newline  he married to a commoner ! can you believe it ? after we offered the hand of our daughter to him . our daughter , the most beautiful and competent princess on this continent ! how dare he !  the queen was furious ! newline newline  he and his weak father destroy everything we stand for . our families , who have been royal for thousands of years , ruined by the muddy blood of a commoner !  . in the hallways the servants heard the news and were loudly speculating . the news spread like a wildfire . newline newline  just wait until my husband hears this , that filthy prince has not heard the last of this !  the queen said as she walked out the door . newline newline how dare they , after all the effort all the royal families have done for them . they offered the hands of their best daughters and he marries a commoner ! ?  i walked down to my office . i shall contact the lord chamberlain of castle geralith , i  m sure francisco has an explanation for this . apologies in advance , this is my first prompt and i m writing it on my phone because i m bored on the train . newline     newline it s been 5 years since the first fire fight appeared , although lets be honest that was less of a fight and more of a massacre . the second great fire of london spread through the city despite the best efforts of the local old style fire fighters . they tried everything on the flames , water , foam , gas but no matter what seconds later the flames would flicker back into life and continue their spread . after a few days of futile attempts to save the city the prime minister announced the abandonment of london . people ran , leaving their entire lives behind to the hungry flames which where only stopped by massive ditches dug around the boundaries of the city , the fire rages still , never ceasing . it s much too big and old even for the best of us . newline newline newline still , some good came from this . the never ending fire was contained which allowed scientists to study it through tests at the boundaries and flyovers to explore the centre . we discovered that the fires had a ... a heart , beating in the centre like a giant ember , it was obvious that it needed to be tackled to stop the fire , but again nothing worked on it , aerial drops of water and foam burst into steam on contact amid a deafening roar . however one useful discovery was that sea water worked to a certain degree , rather than coming back to life instantly the fire was quenched for a minute or two , but alas the ember would continue to beat and eventually fan the flames back to life . newline newline newline the real breakthrough happened when a fire started in a little coastal town , lacking access to large amount of water apart from the sea , one local firefighter used an old style pump to douse the flames with sea water after which he found the ember . he drenched the ember similarly and was shocked and horrified when it let out a scream of rage and unfolded into a monstrous humanoid shape before loping forward and punching a burning hole through him , this we know because his neighbour was following him with his phone camera turned on , he managed to escape , lucky for him ... or not perhaps , he now lives a solitary life in an asylum . newline newline newline from there on it became clear what we needed . we did nt need firefighters , we needed fire fighters , hardened individuals trained in hand to hand combat that could fight their way to the ember with sea water , douse it and then defeat it to put out the fire ... and now here i stand , at the doors of the fire fighting academy to enrol myself , for i have nothing to lose any longer and a rage burns in me , for my entire family were in london ... newlinei walked back home one night from work , looking at the various flowers and the landscape . it looked all too fake and beautiful , as if the entire world was trying to please me but it kept failing to . i checked my watch , but it was cracked . broken when a biker bumped into me a few hours earlier and we both fell . the time was stuck on 5:53 pm . i sighed as i took it off and put it in my pocket , planning to throw it away when i got home . it was a one and a half hour hike home . my car was in the shop and i needed to pick it up by tomorrow morning , which was another long trek . i could have carpooled home but my friends were nt at work today because of some legal trouble they had yesterday when they got drunk on the road and crashed into a lamppost . i was nt there , though . work had to be done . i almost walked right into the mailbox when i got home because i was so engrossed in my own thoughts . i walked to my front door and got my key out but i dropped it on the floor and had to find it in the dirt . after a few minutes of making a fool of myself , i got the key and put it in the keyhole . i turned it and opened the door . i put my coat on a rack and took off my pants and sat on the couch . there , i noticed my wife was moaning passionately upstairs . me , being the rational man i was , decided to keep quiet and walk upstairs . my blood was rushing as the moaning grew loader , and there i was able to make out what sounded like a male voice . i started sweating as i neared the door and put my ear against it . i heard both voices as clear as day . my rage swelled and i opened the door to see my wife in bed with another man . my anger suppressed my sadness and i slammed the guy into the wall . my fist met his face a few times over and over again until my now exwife pulled me back in tears . newline newline  please ! please ! it s not what it looks like !  she said , trying to make me stop . it did nt help until the man interrupted . newline newline  iit s not what it looks like , man ! promise !  newline newline i grabbed his neck and squeezed hard , i wanted to make sure his last few words were struggled newline newline  ii just wanted threefiddy !  newline newline that s when i noticed the guy was about eight stories tall and was a crustacean from the protozoic era .it has been 5 days . newline newline at first they brushed it off . said they were all coincidences . i believed them . i thought it would all go away in a few days . newline newline how wrong was i . newline newline james had been on his way to work . nothing wrong , just a normal day , but nonetheless ... . i remember the call , and i could nt even be there to see him put to rest , i could nt linger on death s door , did nt want to fall through . now look at me . i have nt eaten in weeks . i ca nt feel my feet anymore since they turned off the heat . occasionally i hear it . the crashing . the screams as the  accidents  keep happening . but i still ca nt go out , because what if it s me next . i do nt want to let it happen , but i ll also die if i stay down here . tentatively on the pins and needles of my feet , i stumble half blindly toward he door . as i grip he cold brass knob and open it , i m greeted with a startling light . i look down at my feet and see a hospital bed , james is sitting , his head in his hand next to the bed . a doctor rushes up to me and begins writing on a notepad . i hyperventilate in a daze . james stands and wraps his arms around me , whispering into my ear  jane  .the tapestry , vast and imposing , arrayed in waves and patterns reflected a veiled sun upon the gathering prostrate beneath . incenses burned in numberless medleys of cinnamon , crowgrass , and cythaki . the weight of the very air seemed to grow heavy with chants , deciphered from a thousand tongues , and forced into the restrictive narrows of the language of the holy city of talvatsu . newline newline newline they had come from insensate empires and rudderless oligarchies , threesouled interpreters and dayfearing cryptists , exiled childkings and diseased merchantpriests . their commonalities were naked , revealed upon the velvet faces of the tapestry . newline newline newline sesonga surveyed them from atop his throne of parchment . he could identify each individual  he could recite the thoughts within their minds , for he had spent decades memorizing what would occur this day . newline newline newline he knew , for instance , that he would now hear the words : they must give birth soon . we can not wait , or they could risk the tapestry .  newline newline newline  they must give birth as soon as possible . they might risk the tapestry ,  said zealot ausar at his right . newline newline newline a spark , almost imperceptible , appeared upon the tapestry . it left a thin tendril of smoke , languid and malnourished , in its wake . sesonga spat upon the zealot , who seemed too stunned at his own heresy to react . newline newline newline  arrogance such as that will doom us all , ausar !  newline newline newline the zealot fell to his knees , eyes filled with tears . newline newline newline he spoke , choked :  they must give birth soon . we can not wait , or they could risk the tapestry.  newline newline newline and then he whimpered , watching the line of smoke beseechingly . newline newline newline it curled into a spiral , became an ourobouros and consumed itself into nothing . it left a dark burn where its root once was . newline newline newline zealot ausar breathed out loudly and drew a gash upon his scarred palms with a dagger . repentance . newline newline newline sesonga surveyed the gathering again . they had witnessed the exchange and the damage done to the tapestry . their expressions were different , their gestures hinted at thoughts that he did not know of . newline newline newline they had changed . newline newline newline diverged from the sacred timeline . newline newline newline order had to be imposed immediately . newline newline newline he shouted :  people of the eightyseventh generation ! remember your words and your thoughts ! recall your futures and the paths you shall walk down . adhere ! recite ! adhere ! recite !  newline newline newline adhere ! recite !  the gathering chanted . adhere ! recite !  newline newline newline and sesonga could see them return to their destinies . their expressions , their gestures , and their thoughts again matched those on the tapestry . newline newline newline order . newline newline newline the last generation is to birth at sunset . the eightyeight ! the generation of the prophetwhoreturned !  newline newline newline he spoke :  the last generation is to birth at sunset . the eightyeight ! the generation of the prophetwhoreturned !  newline newline newline they cheered , exactly as they were predicted to . the tapestry shone . its reflections cast away the creeping dusk from the glittering avenues of holy talvatsu . newline newline newline he shall be born , he who made the tapestry , he whose history became his future , and thus our own .  newline newline newline the words were said . verbatim . just as the prophet had asked . newline newline newline the gathering cheered once more . an impudent giggle marred its adherence . the originator was located and dragged away by the guards . newline newline newline the chanters now began to mutter the prophet  s words and the histories . they recalled the sacrifices of their ancestors , the heroes who wrested control of the world and forced it to adhere to the tapestry . the men and women who had funneled the infinite possibilities of time into the one singular path that was written of so many centuries ago . newline newline newline the ritual of the aeons . newline newline newline the maintenance of the sacred timeline . newline newline newline they chanted of uteyelvasi the vermillion consort , who brought down the songbird revolts that threatened to create an alternate timeline . the most crucial of conquests . newline newline newline they chanted of yasavarman the determinist , who saw the indiscipline of the middle centuries and discovered the third interpretation that had stabilized the timeline . the greatest of enlightenments . newline newline newline they spoke of ithyeru the savant , whose unknowable methods mended the tapestry after ages of decay , which dragged the world back to the path it should  ve followed in a blink of an eye . the most glorious of victories . newline newline newline and now sesonga , prime guardian of the tapestry . sesonga the revealer , would reveal the birth of the one generation they had waited for . the generation of the prophetwhoreturned . newline newline newline the most holiest of announcements . newline newline newline let the women , restrained from dawn , give birth , and find heaven in the knowledge that one born in this age shall be him , him !  newline newline newline he spoke :  let the women , restrained from dawn , give birth , and find heaven in the knowledge tha  newline newline newline a moth , fleeing the incense blindly , frantic and maddened , landed upon the gates of his throat . newline newline newline he spluttered and coughed . newline newline newline  thiswhatborn todayhim , he will bewhere was i ?  newline newline newline and a look of horror permeated his features . newline newline newline the gathering wailed and the center of the tapestry , where the prophet was depicted as an infant , blazed in a fire that burned . newline newline newline newline newline newline newline sorry , i m not really an author ... i like lurking here . however , i think it would be cathartic to write here , even if no one responds  newline newline a tadpole very clearly belongs in the water . a frog very clearly belongs on land . however , there s a stage inbetween where the tadpole still has a long body and tail , but also has all of its limbs . newline newline i feel like a tadpole with limbs . i m married , we live on our own , and are expecting a baby . i do the things of an adult . except , i m only 18 . i m still a kid , and no amount of responsibility and good decisions is going to hide the tail that suggests i should still be in the pond with the other babies . the limbs seperate me from the tadpoles , but my tail keeps me from the frogs . i m in an emotional limbo . no amount of playing frog is going to suck that tail away , only time will . no amount of playing fishie will retract my limbs , and there s no going back now . i do nt belong anywhere . all i can do is wait until the other tadpoles catch up or until the frogs ca nt see my tail anymore . either way , i m all alone . newline newline i do nt regret my decisions . i ve honestly never been happier in my life ... i ve just also never been as lonely . and i do nt see an end to the lonliness . not until my tail shrinks or the tadpoles catch up .i had just come back from the middle east . we were sent to fight a war that must be won in the name of justice and freedom . after september 11 , 2001 , i decided i would die for my country , and i knew i d see it through . with the colors of red , white and blue stamped onto my soul , i sought to do good in this world . now i desire to see my family again . i have longed for all of them , my mother , my brother , and my father . newline i was astounded when i finally received my leave and it was time for me to go home . i flew high through the sky but when i returned home through the door , my mother threw herself to the floor . i did not know why but the tears filled in her eyes . when i looked into her hands , i saw the piece of paper with my name and how i fulfilled my duties with bravery but i was now gone . my father snatches the paper from her and reads it closely against his face . filled with remorse , a tear slowly forms and breaks out of his eyelid as he lets out a shrill whisper under his breath  i m so proud of you son we were wrong . god damn it we were wrong . i m sorry baby , please ... . forgive us .  newline newline leonard nimoy :  28 years ago the bridge was connected . unlimited , free , clean energy . the solution to all our problems . no more conflicts over fuel , no more greenhouse gas emissions , no more oil spills , no more problems . but as the saying goes : all good things must come to an end . newline newline jack lightly taps on the brakes as the speed limit changes from 80 to 50 .  and that s how the bridge works , at least that s how i think it works . i m no rocket scientist . i m just a guy who installs pipes .  newline newline the road gently curves and jack tips the steering wheels accordingly . newline newline  but you kid , you got brains yknow ? a guy like me , well , i m dumb as a pile of bricks but you . you got potential kiddo , you re only 8 years old and i can already see that you got a better future than me .  newline newline there is a dead skunk on the road . jack drives over it nonchalantly but the sudden bump in the seat startles sarah . newline newline  thanks dad , i m glad that you believe in me . i ll just look it up on my laptop when we get wireless reception again but thanks for trying .  newline newline 12 years pass newline newline protests continue to rage in germany as the new energy cap laws are put into effect . the german government is the first in the world to implement ...  newline newline  sarah turn that off will ya ? i m trying to make a call   ... this is our freedom ! this is our right ! this is ...  newline newline sarah turns the tv off and goes back to sleep . newline newline  i tell ya sarah . this is bullshit . it seems like nobody is taking any of this seriously . it s like the fossil fuel greenhouse gas emission shit all over again , except this time , the people are joining hands with the corporations in denying that there s a problem .  newline newline bill walks in to the bedroom with a cup of green tea . newline newline  the world is heating up again , and people are too far stuck up their own asses carelessly abusing energy to admit it . they say it s just residual flux from the old greenhouse emissions but i m not buying it sarah , i m just not buying it .  newline newline  i know billy , i know . you do nt need to tell me . i know .  newline newline sarah sits up from the bed .  you know bill , i ve told you how i hate surprises , and i know that you and joel are trying to surprise me tonight with a party . i was eavesdropping on you two the other night .  newline newline sarah gets off the bed . newline newline  you know . i. fucking . hate . surprise . parties . how . many . times . do . i . need . to . tell . you . you . big . fat . jerk .  newline newline  it s over bill , and i know that you re in the kitchen joel . this relationship is over . you never fucking listen to me and i m sick of it .  newline newline joel walks up the stairs and enters the bedroom . he tries to apologize but sarah cuts him off . newline newline  fuck off joel , you re just as bad . you too bill . get the fuck out of my house  newline newline  we were wrong . god damn it we were wrong . i m sorry baby , please ... . forgive us .  newline newline  shut up bill . piss off . get out of my house . you too joel . get out or i m calling the cops  newline newline screen fades to black newline newline oh yeah , and the world exploded because too much energy got pumped into it or some bullshit . newline newline screen fades for black for realz newline newline newline newline newline newlinei am as lost and alone as the last strands littering my faded hairline newline newline he is the only love i have known , the tight newline hugging of his lips surrounding his timely smile , newline the eyes i swear i have seen in national geographic , newline his roughed , warm hands on my newline cold and exposed shoulder newline newline he is the only love i have known newline sinking into a swirling chair , newline into a whirlwind , a 40 minute striking funnel newline grinding my polished boots into marble newline newline i saw him for the very first time newline when i was weathered and eroded by routine , newline me , all 50 years of unstoppable calm , newline irrational complacency , a smug madman newline incapable of understanding happiness newline newline him , sanitizing combs , the golden hour peeking newline through barber shop blinds newline striped by the sunlight , his smile and newline symmetrical green eyes framed between newline forceful and flaming wednesday sunset newline newline i was simply walking the strip to my hotel newline my monthly business trips away from my newline wonderful and tedious family newline and i had never needed a haircut so badly newline and yet , not at all newline newline i waited for him to finish the gratuitously shaped beard newline before me , watching his reactions to the newline unrelatable vitriol coming from his client s mouth , newline waiting anxiously , making up more interesting stories newline about me in anticipation for my appointment newline newline and when it was time , newline i lost all of my words newline newline how , how could my life , my words , my hair ? newline how could this head of graying hair ever be enough for him ? newline newline i was silent newline newline and every month , on the same business trip , newline the same silence , the same anticipation , newline the same tension , and love , newline i wondered if he newline knew me by name newline newline this terror came upon me when newline i started taking  business trips  once a week newline newline my wife newline my lovely , stale wife , newline  are you losing your hair already ?  newline and my lovely , lifeless teenage daughter , newline taking pictures and laughing along with mother newline newline angrily slamming my fists down , newline marching to the mirror , and seeing it all , newline my guilt and desire literally eating the only newline redeeming quality i had , for him newline newline i could not go back , newline i felt myself lose more every day newline and lose him more every day newline newline so this is my last chance to finally say the words newline to say ,  this is my name ,  without choking on newline the hairs that have moved from my head to my newline throat newline newline my life was measured newline by my hairs resting place newline in the corners of the marble floor newline the whirlwind of me and him newline never existing anywhere but the newline chairi m the best at what i do . but even my skill has limits . to remove a name is an art form and only the most skilled among us can do so without leaving a scar . to do this is not only dangerous and difficult , but it is also illegal . in a world where your guilt is literally written all over your face , people like me are bound to show up . newline newline still , i can only do so much . i ve removed the names of victims from the skin of hundreds of criminals . how many murderers have walked free because i removed the evidence of their guilt ? this is what i do . i ve thought there was no job so difficult , no name so intricately carved , that i could nt make it vanish . newline newline no one has ever performed a name removal surgery on themselves , though . i m not sure that it can even be done . i have to try , though . everyone knows what it means when a name appears on your skin . it s the mark of a murderer  to be forever reminded of the life you took . i could never show my face in the civilized world with such a mark . it s true that this is a special case , but what does that matter ? i ca nt just tell everyone that a name just appeared . who would believe me ? newline newline no , i have to remove it . i could call someone , perhaps , but who could i trust ? the bounty for marked men is getting higher every day . half the surgeons i know would sell me out in a heartbeat just to get rid of the competition . no , my only choice is to do this myself . if anyone can do this , it s me . newline newline as i prepare for the surgery , i have to wonder , how did this name appear ? i have nt killed anyone myself . i only remove the names of victims from murderers , but i ve committed no such act . how could a name appear on my skin like this ? especially this name ? i have never heard of this happening before . newline newline i take the scalpel in my hand and take a deep breath . i do nt know how the name got there , but when i m finished , i ll be the first person in history to remove a name from their own skin . how my own name appeared in the first place is a mystery i ll have to resolve when i m finished .erin  s chest was heaving as she reloaded her pistol . my antique writing desk was now a shield , and about 5 bodies were lying by our front door . newline newline  blake . blake.  erin slapped my face .  listen to me . we need to get to the basement , but there is an assault team waiting to come through the windows.  newline newline she is so beautiful , my wife . her short blonde hair was a mess , and her checkered pj  s were wrinkled . it would take a month of sundays to get that blood stain out of the sleeve . newline newline i smiled at her .  do i tell you you  re beautiful ? i should , because you are.  newline newline she rolled her eyes .  you  re in shock and have a concussion . we need to crawl to the kitchen , okay ?  newline newline there was the sound of broken glass , and i was flung onto the hard tile floor of our kitchen . erin grabbed under my arm and shoved me toward to basement . i heard a few gun shots fire off , and the sounds of boots hitting the hardwood . erin  s foot pushed squarely against my ass and sent me head first down the first few steps to the basement . my hand caught the railing about the same time erin barreled in after me . she slammed the basement door and slid a steel grate in front of it . newline newline  when did we install that ?  i asked steadying myself on the landing . newline newline   we  didn  t , i did.  she grabbed my forearm and took us to the corner of the basement .  we need to get out of here , it won  t hold long.  newline newline  what is going on ? did they destroy my bay window ?  i asked . newline newline  don  t worry about it . but i  m here to keep you safe , okay ? you  re our last hope.  newline newline  me ? you  re the one with a gun.  i said indignantly . newline newline  get your head out of your ass , blake , you  re special . your genes are special.  she said stuffing a bundle of clothes into a duffel bag . newline newline  my genes ?  newline newline  yes . the survivor corps has traced the immunity lineage to you . your genes hold almost all of the cures . the common cold , als , cancer , cdkl5 . all of them , cured , but not without you . not without your offspring.  she explained . newline newline  are you an agent for them ? my offspring ?  newline newline  yes , i was sent to protect you , to get you where we need to be . the men outside are trying to kill you because you pose a threat to big pharma . survivor corps is willing to give out the cures for free , we just have to get you to the labs . your offspring will further the immunity lineage , unlock more cures.  newline newline i started laughing hysterically .  oh , erin , you are too much ! this is so much fun ! did tommy help you with this ? is he upstairs ? tommy , this is great !  newline newline  why don  t you believe me ? ?  erin asked urgently . newline newline  it probably has something to do with the fact that the most exciting thing you do is your knitting circle on sundays , and we  re both lesbians in our late 30  s.  i smiled . newline newline erin stared at me for a solid minute .  you  re such a fucking dork . grab a damn bag and let  s go.  newlinefeels good to breathe out again . i m glad to have survived another year , i almost shit my pants when those psychos beat on the door . but i probably would ve killed them like those guys that tried that last year . i guess they forgot that the purge works both ways , heh , serves em right .  newline newline sucks that i have to go to work today , you d think the day after the purge would mean a day off , like super bowl monday . it would give them time to clean the streets , i do nt want to run over another corpse . i bet if i did nt go in today , they d think i was dead and take me out of the system asap like they did with ames last year . i wonder who survived . i hope diane did , but she s not the sharpest hunk of cheese , she probably walked out at night and got killed . hope not , those legs deserve better . i hope ray died though , that prick , he needs a bullet in his head . hmm , i have a gun , i could ve done it , damn , i should ve killed ray . no one would care , the office is full of purgedaymurderers , jimmy loves telling people how he cut some guy s head off two years ago . we get it , jimmy , you re a stonecold killer , i wo nt be skipping you in the lunch line .  sigh  i should ve killed ray .  newline newline see you next year , douchebag . i m just a prole tryna get ahead in life . big brother s been so kind as to let me , so why reject his kindness ? newline newline when the nsa sent some thugs to bust down my door , i d already left a trollface in my chair and handcuffed myself . so long lulzsec , hello ingsoc . through my generosity , they were able to ship my old mates to the brimstone . in return , i got to walk free . not like they coulda kept me anyway . newline newline they installed me in some crappy fastfood joint , and it was there that i met yoko nakamoto . she became my waifu at first sight . it was so cute how she tried using paypal and i had to fumble around like i knew what i was doing . and when we figured it out , we revealed to each other that we were playing dumb just to see if the other was dumb too . she knew me . that scared me . i like being scared . newline newline i thought it a coincidence at the time , but that niggling little doubt proved true when she namedropped satoshi as her brother . newline newline she was rich , and absolutely no one knew it . since then , we hit it off , became engaged . never married . we jetset instead . newline newline that day , i was slumming in dubai . i wanted a penthouse , but she advised against it , not least because it would be suspicious if a mcdonalds fries master were suddenly able to afford a 5 star suite . that meant i d face a worldful of reality as i saw firsthand the blackened madness beneath the glitter and neon . junkies and sinners lined the outsides and it did nt get any better when i got in . newline newline slaves on smartphones and broken men singing into satellite dishes , filthy rags lain across roads collecting rain water next to tents half collapsed , little boys running naked into the hands of strange men who barely cared they existed . the air smelled of television static , smelled by proles who bathed themselves in it . newline newline i thought it to be medieval , but yoko said it best  there is nothing medieval about dubai . it s modern society undisguised .  newline newline one boy i met , they called him yusef . he told me his real name was number four  , and i told him that s no name at all . same time , i thought ,  hang on a minute , what is an iraqi doing in bangladeshi town ?  newline newline he said he d been sold for some bread when he was a baby , and was bought by a millionaire , rafaah al sarraf , a man who loved to make him cry . he barely even knew what iraq was , besides it being his original home and the place we destroyed a decade ago . newline newline funny , it was that whole iraq bullshit that got me into lulzsec in the first place . newline newline after yusef and the favela thoroughly obliterated my christmas cheer , i was left with my little hobby of drone making . in every one , i put my special little rfid code just to be a big brother to whomever it may concern . newline newline so of course , i had to bring out the laptop and do a bit of script kiddying all over google . it was the principle i had heard about google glass 2.0 and , in my infinite disdain for that pos , i decided to check out what alphabet s x branch really had in store . just a matter of getting the passwords right . newline newline i was nt keeping an eye on the backdoor , and the angry buzz of a drone hit my ears . at the time , i thought nothing of it . newline newline when i committed the felony , i found pages of projects underway and their contractors . several scrolls down was the only one that caught my eye . newline newline  project synister .  i said it out loud like it was the first word i ever said . if there was ever a cheesier name for something so predictable , google ll be the one to find it . newline newline then i clicked in . nothing much . a few folders . one was named bostondyne .  a few seconds later , i figured out it was referring to boston dynamics . this could only get better , i thought . newline newline it did . i pulled up a spreadsheet that listed all the contractors . number one was the pentagon . below , however , were various individuals i recognized from the corporate stock listings . one was named rafaah al sarraf  , and i recalled yusef , number four . sarraf got rich off construction , so what could something named synister do for him ? newline newline what was synister ? newline newline when i pulled up the specs , i was logged off . that s when the drone sound got to me . i picked up an electromagnetic pulse gun i had built , but then i realized i could take control of the drone and turn it on my aggressors . newline newline i ran to my bag , picked out my smartphone , and logged into my personal program . hacking the frequency was child s play , and immediately i got a live feed and turned the drone around and flew it towards where the controller was supposed to be . newline newline but it was flying out of range , and i chose to kamikaze into a puddle . i felt good about myself , having thwarted whatever spies dared to harass me . but then the live feed picked up torn little hands , and it was in that moment that i had realized what i d done . newline newline yusef was close to tears at the sight of the ruined drone , and the live feed cut off . newline newline damn . newline newline i went outside , taser under my sleeve , and found the boys . they tried telling me how the drone went insane , and i picked up only a little of their story . but yusef , i could understand just by the tears on his face . newline newline i pat his shoulder and said ,  do nt cry . i have something for you back in my place . it s a robot , see , and it can talk to you and play with you and all sortsa things .  newline newline i was nt kidding . when i brought him and his friends back to my rented shack , i pointed out the toylike droid in the corner and turned it on . its eyes lit blue and it said  hello  to the world . it was called pepper  , and the boys loved it . newline newline one glance at the drone brought my face crashing down . newline newline then i clicked on my bluetooth . newline newline  yokes , you hear me ?  newline newline  yeah , i m here . i saw everything .  newline newline i scowled and walked outdoors , away from the kids .  i was just trolling google , and i found something rather dark . you worked on the deepmind ai project , so you may know this .  newline newline  shoot .  newline newline  have you ever heard of project ...  i looked around .  project synister ?  newline newline  actually , yes i have . it was one of the reasons why google signed us on , and we got to learn about it indepth . i even signed an nda .  newline newline  fuck the nda . what is it ?  newline newline  three parts a thirtyfoot long autonomous spider bot . from what i ascertained , it was for riot dispersion and could outfitted with subsonic pulse guns and lasers and whatnot , and it could fold itself into a sixfoot tall pylon . second was a drone swarm mothership , and it was meant for instant surveillance , supposedly during a riot . third was a tiny autonomous spider bot . no idea what it was for . all powered by an artificially intelligent main computer located over in silicon valley , one smarter than any other computer in the world .  newline newline  jesus fucking christ .  newline newline  they needed us to power its brains . among other things . they never said who they were selling them to , but i have a broker who s told me .  newline newline  how long have you known about this ?  newline newline  a year . back then , no one thought it was gon na be ready for a decade , but apparently it s in its final stages right now .  i could feel her smirking .  we re just that good .  newline newline  where are you now ?  newline newline in my mind , i could see her sitting leaning back , bent backfirst over a chair , hair falling to the ground while she slipped these secrets to me with a smile .  ikebukuro , near shibuya . i m just enjoying some sketchy backalley ramen , free courtesy of a fellow yakuza , and i m thinkina heading to this neat robot brothel all the local punks are itchy about . where are you ?   newline newline  in a dubai slum . everyone always talks up about how many slaves this city has , but it s most just your typical poorfolk . there are satellites everywhere , like people are hacking into the burj khalifa .  newline newline  haha , very funny .  newline newline  i m serious . it s more high tech than i imagined . and the slave boy i found ...  newline newline  number four ?  newline newline  yusef , he s already experienced with drones . masucker totally replaced mine with someone else s in the five days i gave it to him . and i m not liking what i m seeing . it s also handbuilt , but someone drew an isis symbol onto its underbelly .  newline newline  that s because your boy , number four , has an old man in isis . dust scatters in the air , incorporating into the already thick debris . in the distance , a large rectangular shaped poster is displayed hanging on the once standing statue of liberty s torch . the only discerning graphic on the daunting image , are the numbers 2016 . directly in front of the fog of debris , figures resembling humans travel aimlessly . newline newline  you know for a lady with no ass , she s pretty hot ...  newline newline  she s out of your league , bud . big , green , and beautiful over there already has her heart set on sinkin  .  newline newline  i would nt mind taking a dip in her bath !  newline newline  yeah , you and the other millions of shitheads like you . heard the bastards over in the city do some kind of satanic shit up there . on top of the queen s fucking stick , they just jumpin  right off one after the other . like fucking frogs !  newline newline  do nt mention those guys , they give me the shittiest nightmares on the already long list of shitty nightmares . i mean i ai nt scared of them or anything . i bet i could beat one in a fight , but fuck man , what do i do if one pulls down his knickers and tries to get me to join in on  celebrating mother .  i cant just hit a fucker who thinks his duty is to jump off a fucking high ass place like dat , can i ? that shits just fucked .  newline newline  thats fucking ugly , my biggest shitter would be wakin  up to that .  newline newline  fuck ! ! ! guys can we focus on getting out of this fucking fucked place ! ! ? ? always stupid shit with you jackasses !  newline newline  ...  newline newline  so whats your shittiest shitter , bud ?  newline newline  staying alive for the next five minutes of this conversation  newline newline  ...  newline newline  sigh.. if you really wan na know and remember , you asked , when i was a young  , i used to love seeing this big ol  fucked up mess of a city . you know , back when it was nt a shit storm . i used to go to the park with my dad . an old guy this one . newline newline  you do nt see those kinds around anymore .  newline newline  you gonn  let me finish ?  newline newline  silence creeps  newline newline  he used to tell me stories about the city when they were still buildin  the damn old buildings i see here layin  across ths grey field righ here . i loved them . i could nt believe how much work was put into them . i mean over hunned men would just climb these things . these giants ! and nail shit on as if was nt a damn problem for them . to them , it was nailin a fuckin  door . it was just an amazing sight ! you know what i mean ? my biggest fear ? i d say it d be witnessing the shit i m seein  now .  newline newline  man , that shit was like fuckin  real ! you must be fucking shitting your pants wakin  up to this depressing shit , son .  newline newline  yeah , well i m fucking fearless now .  newline newline  a continuous supply of dust trails further into the ever growing fog , beyond the city and beyond the sky  newline newline  yeah , thanks trump she looked me in the eye and then she whispered ,  no .  newline newline  no what ?  newline newline  that s the end .  newline newline  the end of what ?  newline newline  the end of the humans . they wo nt be coming back .  newline newline  i never asked if they would come back . i never asked anything . you just said no  as if i asked some profound question about this entire race of beings we just slaughtered but i did nt say a thing . i was just enjoying this hamburger thing . it s quite nice . we should keep these cow creatures .  newline newline she let out an exasperated sigh and turned away from me to look over the burning horizon . newline newline  what s wrong ?  newline newline  you have no gift for drama , you know that ?  newline newline  what s that supposed to mean ?  i wiped grease from my mouth with a free tentacle while packing cow creatures into the teleporter . newline newline  it means you have no ... this is a historical moment . the last of the human virus has finally been extinguished from the galaxy . we destroyed the source and now all our people can live in peace and you do nt care one iota that everything we ve done and said has been recorded and transcribed . that ever moment of the past hundred thousand years of our existence is in the annals of our peoples history , and not one damned profound thought has come from it . you have no predilection for drama and now we look like simpleton war machines to all our kind .  newline newline  well what should i say then .  newline newline  i do nt know . something ... grandiose . make it quotable ... and ... not pithy . something about the arrogance of life or some nonsense . newline newline  alright then ... i ll give it a shot . newline newline ahem newline newline  oh what great arrogance is life ? that which seeks only to exist when it s mere existence causes others to ... um ... be mildly inconvenienced . how as that . newline newline  terrible .  newline newline  well i m sorry . i have nt much practice in speech writing , what with all the wanton destruction and exterminating i ve been busy with all this time .  newline newline we moved away and watched the atmosphere burn over the blue pearl . newline newline  is it so hard to say , what was done was right ? that it was not so terrible ?  newline newline  perhaps .  newline newline  then let me ask you this . if there s truly something to be said about the humans , then you must regret eliminating them , correct ?  newline newline  yes .  newline newline  then do you regret exterminating them ?  newline newline  no .   ladies and gentlemen of earth , i come before you on this most historic occasion newline newline the recording had been playing on repeat across every channel for the past week . inside the cramped smoky tavern someone reached their limit . a glass soared over jason  s head to smash against the steel mesh enclosing the screen . jason chuckled as the bartender threw a towel at the perpetrator and threatened to end his night , and his life , if the television broke . newline newline   have worked tirelessly with your leaders across the planet to ensure a swift and pleasant   newline newline the man sitting to jason  s left let out a grunt .  damn greyskins , think they can come down here and take our planet , hell no , fuck  em all , i say.  jason nodded along . the  greyskins  as he had named them had landed on earth several months previously , bearing gifts and promises of paradise amongst the stars . newline newline   welcome your species into the federation , where you will be elevated to respected vassals   newline newline jason unconsciously rubbed his jaw , the scar from the plasma bolt having faded to a sickly mottled red . he was sure the greys had expected a fanfare , coming from a species with a pop culture so deeply vested in science fiction . but no , humanity doesn  t like change . newline newline   forgiven of all past transgressions and welcomed with open arms . enlightenment is upon you , humanity , how will you   newline newline it had ended as quickly as it had begun . how could we have expected to hold out against an invader capable of fasterthanlight travel ? like dominos , the armies of earth had fallen . newline newline   join us among the stars , and together we might experience   newline newline to be honest , life under their watchful eyes wasn  t too bad  crime was dropping , food was plentiful , at least what they passed for food , disease was on the way out , hell , they would even house you in their colony camps . at least , that was the image they presented . newline newline   however , i must reiterate  there are those among your species who do not agree with the proposed integration   newline newline jason knew the truth . he had been to the camps , he had seen the horrors , the experiments . for all the selfaggrandizing they spouted , their conquerors were far from benevolent . newline newline   and so i appeal to you , the populace . if you know an instigator , or anyone who has not seen the light that we offer   newline newline the doors of the tavern swung open , and every head swiveled . in walked three of the tall , graceful beings , respirators humming quietly , large knowing eyes surveying the simmering crowd . the troublesome . the rebellious . the instigators . newline newline   you can convince them of the truth . it is every human  s duty to help lift their species to the next   newline newline the three aliens stood in the doorway , flanked by several heavilyarmed and grimfaced human militia . the tension ran thick , and only the drolling prerecorded surrender speech broke the silence . newline newline   together we will stomp out this petty rebellion , and your species will know paradise . and , to the instigators i say this  you have a choice to make . will you join your fellow humans in enlightenment among the stars ? or will you carry on this pathetic struggle , to fight and die in vain ?   newline newline a glass flew from the back of the bar , seemed to hang in the air , and with a sickening crack it took the lead alien in the face . newline newline it was time . newline newline newline  newline newline if you liked what you read , be sure to check out my  subreddit   https : www.reddit.comririshpersonagecomments4i1vq9welcome  for more of my prompt responses .  newlinea flash hits the corner of my eye , as the interior of the car disappears , my stomach tightens , bracing for what comes next . newline newline time and space warp around me almost imperceptibly , placing me outside of the universe for a single moment .  why ? !  i call out . newline the moment stretches longer than usual as it considers . newline  find the chosen ,  it breathes through me . newline i live through centuries , millennia , in that breath . pain beyond reckoning . hunger , deprivation , claw into the smallest parts of me . no respite , and only this one hope .  save us .  newline newline the car reappears wrapped around a telephone pole . the pole has snapped in three places and fallen just so to protect the woman inside . no fatalities ... this time . perhaps she is the one we seek . newline  chosen ,  i phase through the car and pole to stand beside her ,  you will come with me .  newline her hand is large and strong , i take it in mine , and blink . newline newline i had never felt connected to the world in the way my sisters did . our parents dreamed and worked tirelessly for us , they soaked up the love and blossomed , but something inside me lay fallow . one day while walking to high school a car blew threw a stop sign , then right through me as i stood in the crosswalk .today we go to one of the most inhospitable places on earth . it may not seem like it but danger here is always around the corner . one slip up and your social life is dead . only the strongest will survive here . it is tough but it is also the place of young love . newline newline here we see the male standing alone in the corner . the males are often found alone or in small groups whereas the females in this environment form larger groups . the groups provide females with a sense of security but come at a great cost . there is a strict rule system and a strict packing order . the group protects each other but if a member breaks the strict social code of the group the punishment can be swift and decisive and the female may never recover her social stature . the females when in groups like to make exaggerated hyena sounds . this can be a great deterrent to the males of this environment . newline newline here we have this young male who has been eyeing the female in the pink covering for some time now . he has been patiently waiting for his time . he started to move towards her a couple of times but lost his nerve . this time he seems determined . he slowly starts to move towards her . the group eyeing the male goes into defense mode . they form a protective posture around the pink female and make fierce hyena sounds . the male is visibly stressed but he pushes on . he carefully steps forward . what follows is an intricate dance whereas the male is challenged multiple times the females make many postures around the girls eyeing the male with suspicion and if finally the female group thinks the male is right for the girl they slowly start moving away . using their hyena calls one last time they disperse . the male gets to the female , but this is only the first step . newline newline now the male must make a series of vocal calls to impress the female . the order has to be very specific and this new male may not be able to complete it exactly . if the male makes one wrong series of calls the female can leave and the male may not get another chance . the male starts the series of calls . the female makes many gestures which the male has to understand and respond to . the dance goes on for sometime . this is the first dance for both of them so it is really special . the dance ends and male seems to have completed his goal the male has impressed the female and she appears receptive to further relationship . the male moves away with a wide mouth the human sign of happiness . this is a big step for any male in the eventual pathway to mating . the female also seems happy apparent by the reddening of her face . it seems love has flourished even in this inhospitable environment . but mom , i do nt want a new name . i m okay with being just a number , really .  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline my mother sighed .  honey , you have to get your name sooner or later . you ca nt be a whole person without it ! otherwise , you ll just be a drudge until the day you die . only named people can rise above the others , just those who have something unique , something that really identifies someone as a person . go on , fill out the survey .  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  alright , mom .  i groaned . torn away from a lazy day of colors and abstract doodling , i turned to the sheets of paper on the table before me . i raised my pen , and started . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline four long , boring hours later , i slid my papers into the slot at the bottom of the survey platform . my mother led me away to a set of chairs to the side , sat me down , and we waited . another hour passed , and the bullhorn sparked to life . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  citizen number twofivesixeightzero , your entry has been processed and analyzed . after careful review of your answers and the time it took you to give them , we have determined your name . from this day forth , you are no longer citizen number twofivesixeightzero . you are now pablo diego jos francisco de paula juan nepomuceno mara de los remedios cipriano de la santsima trinidad ruiz y picasso .   newlinei heard the whispers from the wood . echoes of life swimming beneath the ripples of its surface , fragmented and incoherent like the pieces were now , forced into new shapes , learning new memories . chair memories and broom memories , charcoal i sketched with even putting memory to paper as it lost its power to retain . but my father s desk , grandfathers before him , and older still than that man , rugged and oaken , huge and dark and full of men s thoughts , still dreamed like a tree . newline newline i was twelve when i found the book that talked of witches and warlocks and all things fae the average villager need fear . the book was old then of course , and most who held superstitions were too , like my father s mother who had kept it . she was happy to let me read my discovery after a little more work clearing out the attic with grandfather . the effort was warm and sweaty in the afternoon sun , we had the shutters open for the breeze blowing in fresh with the scent of the summer wood , and my grandfather , realising there was still a great deal to do , brushed some dust off of my head and shoulders with a calloused hand , tousled my hair and handed me my book while saying go hound your grandma for some lemonade  . newline newline so as i left for the stairs i put a hand on the nearest beam and listened while the floorboards creaked and groaned , revelled in the sighs and whispers behind them that it seemed people were seldom aware of . the sounds of an old house and of the older wood . my grandmother through a magic of her own had known we were ready for a break , and there stood a tall glass of lemonade waiting for me in my favourite spot on the table near the bench on the deck outside . i settled into the bench and heard what i had come to know as relief that it was not the significantly greater weight of my heavy shouldered grandfather easing to rest , and smiled at the thought . my smile widened as i saw the woods the breeze had blown through , green and gold and full of life . i remembered my father s desk while the voices of the trees swept over me . how its voice was older than this house , and how i somehow knew that out there beyond the green and sun , was the heart of the forest . darker , and secret , and full of stories . newline newline then i remembered my new book , and how it held some stories easier to get my hands on with tired legs and parental supervision . newline newline i turned the pages and looked at skilled drawings of fantastical creatures , unicorns and knifetooth cats , devils and draugr and even a large bat like creature i decided was not a dragon , but so it was labelled . scanning through more entries dedicated to which root vegetables could keep away which lycanthrope or vampire , my eyes were caught by some unsettlingly like my own . newline newline i was looking at my mother . newline newline the page was marked  dryads  , and i read on . newline newline  dryads : nymphs of the trees . commonly argued to be forces of nature and life , most of my collated evidence suggests they are more similar to the sirens of the northern ocean . beautiful things , seemingly all female , purportedly innocuous , they use their charms and songs to tempt otherwise noble men  and accountably women  from their duties to the church and dukedom to unknown ends . predators truly , their beauty should be trusted no more than the bright colours of a poisonous toad , and their nefarious ungodly magics avoided at all costs . keep your children and loose husbands away from the wood , most certainly at night , and weave a garland of ragweed and swordgrass to dissuade their corrupting presence.  newline newline i thought over this analysis sceptically , having no true intention of believing words like this about anyone resembling my mother . certainly not from someone who didn  t know what a dragon looked like . newline newline my eyes found hers again and i fell into the page and memory . newline newline my father found me that night in her chair in , well , only his room now . it was solid and oaken , and it rocked . i remembered it from when i was small enough to sit on her lap , and she would sing to me songs that wove between the echoes of life all around us . the chair remembered too , but it was a false image of her , like in the book . imperfect , however beautiful , untrue to what it meant to have a mother to hold . newline newline my father reminded me i still had him when he thudded into the room . he noticed my tear tracks and heard sobs turned to sniffles , and after offering me a chance to collect myself further by removing his rugged boots and hide jacket , he swept me up and onto his knee while he sat in the chair himself , hugging me close , stubbled chin scratching my head as he kissed me . newline newline he was solid , and human , and now he rocked . i could feel the song echo in the empty space inside him where my mother once was . where my sister would have been too , had she been born . some part of him knew what was missing because he started to hum , a little off key , and not as melodious as she was . but it helped us both and i joined in . newlineblood trickled down his head as the world went in and out of focus around him . he was unable to move , barely able to breathe . he tried to focus on what had just happened  the collision of steel on steel , glass shattering , tires screeching . he felt tired . newline newline he tried to turn his head around , tried to see what was happening  it was no use . his eyes would nt obey his commands to remain open  his arms would nt move no matter how much he tried . the pain began to fade as he realized the truth : he was dying . newline newline the world went black around him , the sound of life fading in the distance . in that moment , he began to relive his most precious moments . he saw his wife , beautiful as he day he had met her . she was smiling , holding his hand , as they walked through the streets on their very first date . he relived his wedding day in an instant , felt the tears roll down his cheek as he choked out his vows . newline newline the birth of his child appeared next , the joy rushing back to him , the raw emotion of love and fear that came with it . every feeling of humanity he had ever felt came flooding in , one after another  the ecstasy , the sadness , the desperation , the joy . good and bad , guilt and pride , all came over him one by one , allowing him one last time to relive his highs and his lows . as it came to an end , he felt a combination of accomplishment and longing . he had come so far , but had so much more he had wanted to do . newline newline and then he felt his body move , he felt the sensors on his arms . an uncomfortable weight made itself apparent on his head , and he slowly became aware of his surroundings once more . he took off his helmet and facemask , and saw the screen in front of him flashing the words ,  game over  . newline newline  how was it ?  his friend asked , eagerly awaiting his turn . newline newline the feelings of the virtual life lingered heavily in his chest .  it was ... intense . there i sat in my dark , damp office , motionless but dripping with nervous sweat , cigarette smoke pierced by the rays of early moonlight through the blinds , tasked with devising a writing prompt for rwritingprompts and all i had was  the first line of your story must include and i caught him with , of all things , a fishing pole .   my mind was racing . stories about fishing ? fetish porn ? mario kart ?  newline newline i knew i did nt have much longer . according to the noisy wall clock whose every tick stole one dull second from my waning existence , my deadline would be here in 12 minutes . 11 minutes and 59 seconds . 11 minutes and ... no .  focus . that s what they want you to do : waste all your precious time with some mundane chore , or count the seconds you re wasting . not me . newline newline i crushed the paper into a ball and shoved it in my pocket , rising from the desk defiantly like the moon outside my window . i thrust open the door and shot my eyes across the tops of the cubicles directly into the soul of mr. hed , who as always was perched at his garish gold trimmed desk next to the exit . newline newline i strode toward the exit , through the rows of cubicles , capturing the gazes of my peers their eyes suddenly full of energy shining on me like spotlights . i stopped just short of the exit having maintained my icy stare on the supervisor the entire time , and dropped my crumpled failure of a writing prompt on his ridiculous desk . newline newline  write your own prompt , dick . i do nt love you . newline newline how could i say newline newline anything else ? newline newline i do nt want newline newline for all that i am , newline newline to be yours . newline newline my only desire newline newline you could fulfill newline newline turn away . newline newline i do nt want to see you newline newline ever again , newline newline i allow myself to lose you . newline newline fearsome is the day newline newline that i lied to you newline newline did you really think newline newline i meant what i said newline newline when i said that newline newline i love you  newline newline newline  reversed  newline newline newline newline i love you  . newline newline when i said that newline newline i meant what i said , newline newline did you really think newline newline that i lied to you ? newline newline fearsome is the day newline newline i allow myself to lose you newline newline ever again . newline newline i do nt want to see you newline newline turn away . newline newline you could fulfill newline newline my only desire , newline newline to be yours newline newline for all that i am . newline newline i do nt want newline newline anything else ... newline newline how could i say newline newline i do nt love you  ? newline newline newline i wrote this a while back , figured i would share anyway . you must choose ,  she hissed . newline newline  no , i ca nt !  newline newline  make a choice now , or they both die !  newline newline the battletorn buildings of porth were a bleak canvas for emilia . she would have to paint her future . she saw peter , her childhood friend , and then eric , her companion during the struggle . newline newline  please ... emilia ...  peter stared at her with eyes the color of the ocean . newline newline the heroine tugged at her braided hair and screamed .  you are literally forcing me into a position where romance is the issue when my family is probably being crushed under our house . bye .  newline newline so both love interests fell to the ground and emilia rushed to save her relatives .so these two punks . jonce and fuckin  nielbert . i heard about them a month ago . they stumbled on something . newline newline they were in the meat district when they see someone passing out fliers to an easter egg hunt in october . they thought they d gone mad ! they solicitor was incessant that they take the flier , but newline newline 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 newline newline 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 newline newline 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 newline newline 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 newline newline that s all that was on the flier . a bunch of ones ! seriously , what ? newline newline here s the thing , the solicitor was so insisting and happy to be giving the flier , that they could nt put it down . jonce and fuckbert held onto that flier for the rest of the day and looked at it wondering what it meant . newline newline that was about 1 year ago . now jonce and bertbert are millionaires and philanthropists . could nt tell you what they do though . was too complicated for me . newline newline but every once in a while , i draw all them ones and ask myself what it all means .a canopy tarantula is an intricate , beautiful machine of almost unfathomable complexity . if you ever find yourself staring one in the face , stand extremely still and try to enjoy the view . do not , under any circumstances , attempt to run . the tarantula weighs two thousand pounds , which , last time we checked , is significantly more than you do . it is twentyfive feet wide . it can cover a football field in a single explosive leap . newline newline you are a snack . if it notices you , the tarantula will fold you up with its remarkably dextrous front legs and inject two quarts of a paralyzing venom into your spinal column through fangs that are frankly just overkill . excreted digestive fluids will turn your insides to mush , and then the spider will slurp you down . how s that for an image ? newline newline the takeaway here is that running is out of the question . instead , my unfortunate explorer , take a few moments to gaze upon the tarantula , the magnificent lord of the canopy . observe the orchestra of chitinclad instruments pumping and twitching in unison . there are the legs , of course , all eight of them , powered by hydraulics comparable to those in a terrestrial steamroller . were you to somehow kill the tarantula  which , trust us , is no easy feat  all eight legs would curl in on themselves , lacking the titanic pressure necessary to keep them extended . newline newline each leg is composed of seven segments : the coxa , trochanter , femur , patella , tibia , tarsus and pretarsus , and claw . three delicate , retractable claws protrude from the tip of each leg . the claws are wreathed in special hairs , called the scopula , which help the spider affix itself to vertical surfaces . it has been estimated that a canopy tarantula , set loose in new york , could scale the empire state building in a matter of minutes . of course , it would be unlikely to pursue this ascent , preferring instead to gorge itself on pedestrians until a cruise missile or other highcaliber explosive weapon blew it into twitching , hairy chunks . newline newline beside the legs , on either side of the tarantula s head , are a pair of remarkable appendages called pedipalps . embedded with sharp , jagged plates   maxillae   , the pedipalps are used for grasping , tearing , and otherwise mutilating things that the tarantula would like to catch , kill , and eat . they are basically arms with teeth on them , but such a description belies their utilitarian beauty : the pedipalps are delicate , precise , and honed by tens of millions of years of evolution to fulfill their purpose as effectively as possible . also , they function on male spiders as a reproductive organ , which makes them more like arms with teeth and genitals on them . fascinating ! newline newline in between the pedipalps , and immediately beneath the cluster of shiny eyes that we ll get around to describing in a moment , are the chelicerae , which house the spider s fangs . when not in use , the fangs fold up like landing gear , which means that you , our trembling explorer , will hopefully not get a good look at them . still , allow us to describe the fangs . newline newline the fangs are big . they are curved . they are extremely sharp . newline newline that about sums it up . on to the eyes : there are eight of these , layered in two rows of four . so fragile that you could put a fist through one of them  although we would advise against this , considering the response it would undoubtedly provoke  the eyes are mostly used for detecting light levels , basic shapes , and movement . the most important sensory organ of a tarantula is the bristly hair all over its body , which can sense the tiniest vibrations  such as , we regret to inform you , a human heartbeat  , allowing the creature to  feel  its way around its arboreal habitat . newline newline by this point , the tarantula has likely found you , barring a fortuitous distraction . we only hope that , as it begins to digest you , your final thoughts will not be filled with discontent , but rather with awe and amazement at the wonders mother nature has created . newline newline  newline newline if you liked the story , check out my  scifi adventure novel   https : www.reddit.comrwritingpromptscomments3uixphotthankstorwritingpromptsispentthelastten   set in the same universe  andor  my personal subreddit   https : www.reddit.comrformerfutureauthor  ! making a big push to get more content out there . : dthey took my son from me , and that  s not something that can be fixed in fifteen minutes . almost every day , i get a new bastard that waltzes cockily into town and offers to deliver revenge for me . every one of them strolls into the den of lesser goblins , kills the leader of the gang that kidnapped , maimed , and killed my son , takes my reward and calls himself or herself a hero . then they buy some supplies and leave town , supposedly to  save the world.  newline newline meanwhile , i grieve . it  s been almost two months of this , and i am still fighting , while it takes them less than an hour . it  s not fair . newline newline that  s why i sent a messenger crow to the goblins this morning , to warn them that there would be a hostile adventurer visiting them today . you  d think that the monsters would catch on , after having to elect a new leader daily , but they  re exceptionally stupid . but even they would be able to make preparations with such an explicit warning . maybe even prepared enough to hurt a rookie . newline newline almost immediately after i sent the crow , there was a knock at my door . i imagined the selfsatisfied , burly cretin that must have been standing on my doorstep walking into a trap . i imagined him crawling back into town , into the infirmary , and begging me for another chance to fight my battle . and as i imagined my mouth forming the word  no ,  i could not hold it back from a smile . i opened the door , and standing there was . . . my son ? newline newline no , no , just looks like him . looking again , the boy  s face is completely different , and he  s taller . but something about the way he was standing , maybe , was reminiscent . he asks to come in , and i step aside . newline newline he offers me drinks he bought from the milk bar , and we sit and talk for a while . he is not much more than a child , and he is sweet and friendly . he tells me about his journey , and i can  t stop staring at his face . i am watching the way it moves , trying to figure out what it is about him . oh god , i remember him looking back at me from the road that day . i had just gotten him to be brave enough to ask a girl from the blacksmith school on a date . his smile was brighter than a candle . oh , his smile newline newline  sir ?  newline newline my eyes unglaze . the boy is standing , bag shouldered , and searching my face intently with eyes that are not invasive .  i  m going now.  newline newline oh , of course . the quest . i give him a potion to help with his fight , and he walks out the house and towards the woods . newline newline soon after the door shuts , i remember the trap i set . oh no . oh no no no . i swing the door open again , but he is already gone . what can i do ? it will be hours before the next adventurer arrives . what can i do ? my eyes fall upon the sword on my mantle . newline newline there are some people in this world who grow without bounds . they become heroes , saints , monsters . they change the world . i am not one of them . but now is not the time to think about that . i can not let those monsters hurt him . not again . newline newline the blade is heavy in my hands , but i can still swing it awkwardly . my gait is halted and clumsy , but i can still run . my front door swings open behind me , and i move off towards the woods . newline newline when i get to the den , the goblins have surrounded the boy with flames , and they are ready to watch him burn . i am standing in the shadows of a taller tree , so they don  t see me . i notice that off to my right there is a tall barrel filled with . . . some kind of thick liquid . there are twenty of them . that  s too many for me to beat , but i don  t have to win . i just have to save him . newline newline i swing my sword at the head of the closest one . i miss . the boy exclaims . i  ve given up my cover . the goblin turns to face me , and grins gruesomely . it swings its right paw at my chest . i manage to block . it loses its hand . i kick it in the groin . it falls . newline newline the next one is coming from my left . i move to counter .  watch out !  the boy yells . too late : i get hit from behind . the impact pushes me into the air , and i am launched almost ten feet . my eyes are ringing and my hearing is going black , but i can see that i am almost touching the tub . the footsteps from the strong one approach me . my sword is over where i was fighting before , and i  m running out of time . i struggle to my feet , and slouch towards the barrel . i can almost feel the thing  s breath on my back . i trip , but i fall into the barrel . it tips over , and the fire goes out . i land on my knees . i did it . newline newline the goblins chatter . they are still there . i can  t stand up . curses . newline newline then the boy snaps his fingers , and every nonhuman head explodes . what ? he walks over to where i have collapsed and crouches down so that i can see his face .  what just happened ?  i manage to ask . newline newline  i  m a mage . i didn  t need it , but i thank you for coming to save me . i  ll heal your wounds.  newline newline oh . as my vision fades , the last thing i can see is his smile . it  s the same smile . well , that s going to be a bit of a problem ,  wheezed neo , aka . mr. anderson  one of the world s best hackers who was also an agoraphobic shutin that worked from home . he was also a giant manball who weighed just upwards of fivehundred pounds . newline newline morpheus stared at the nosecurdling mass of humanity in front of him as neo stuffed a second bag of cheetos into his foodhole and then asking with his mouth full ,  hey , is one of those a diet pill ?  newline newline  no ,  morpheus replied and then carefully walked backwards out of the apartment , using every bit of his matrix altering skill and agility to avoid stepping on the unrecognizable mounds of detritus . then he closed the door and walked out of the building . newline newline  is he the one ?  asked trinity ? newline newline morpheus shook his head as he walked to the nearest payphone ,  no . i suspect he ate the one . you may not have heard of me . that is because of the depressing gloomy sorrow of this unfair and cruel world . the sad and shameful fact that you have never heard my name is an acute disgrace to both yourself , and my immaculate self . newline newline newline i am paul king . in the exclusive circles of the unuttered cliques , i am the greatest writer whom ever lived . my extraordinary work , known for its insightfulness and pure , simple , brevity , as well as the lack of unseemly commas , is among the finest writing ever written . newline newline newline my wonderful stories are varied , touching the heart , and dealing with such important and underexplored themes , including love , infatuation , affection and love . my great talents with the pen is effortless , often praised and full of witty witticisms . such a wonderful author am i , that those who have read my illustrious work have become dumbfounded and speechless . newline newline newline many a friend who have had the fantastic privilege to read my enlightening work , have never spoken to me again . many a friend have taken to silence and flight , not being able to handle the challenging , difficult and necessary themes my writing tackles . yes , dear lucky reader , do nt you feel cheated having never read my work ? do nt you feel incomplete having never feasted your eyes on my beautiful and prosperous prose ? newline newline newline well do nt be afraid . with the invention of this new and exciting technology , the second greatest invention of modern times  second only to my writing  , the internet , you may become illuminated . you may become complete . newline newline newline with this fortuitous internet , now my masterful work can be available at your fingertips . such treasured and hard to find books including the man who wrote a masterpiece , portrait of a young great and extremely talented artist and the true story : the man greater than shakespeare can all be yours . newline newline newline yes you lucky readers . your benevolent scribe , paul king , has chosen to edify you . for simply three payments of nineteen ninetynine , you can be a closer to true nirvana , to true literature . how i feel so jealous of you . so act fast dear ignorant reader . these books are limited . be part of the literature revolution today !setting : newline nighttime newline suburban home newline there is a demonic symbol on the ground surrounded by candles . newline there is a robed figure reading from a book newline newline robed figure :  newline by the power that binds you , i summon thee from beyond the barriers of this world . appear before me and follow my word , amon ! newline newline a bright light flashes and in the center of the circle is the demon amon .  newline newline amon :  newline who has brought me to this realm ? newline newline the figure pulls back the hood of the robe revealing a teenage girl with a dark ponytail and glasses newline newline girl :  newline oh my god ! ! i ca nt believe that actually worked . this is am newline newline amon :  newline are you kidding me ? ! another teenage woman . this is unbearable . what is this , the new fad ? summoning demons ? ... sigh ... sarcasticallyoh thee who has summoned me , what be thy name ? newline newline girl :  m..my name is rebecca . newline newline amon : sigh ... what request do you have of me , master rebecca ? newline newline rebecca :  um ... i..uh..i ... newline newline amon :  spit it out ! newline newline rebecca :  well ... uh ... there is this girl at school , katie , she started dating the guy i like , even though she knew that i liked him . i want you to uh ... uh ... i do nt know ... destroy her wardrobe or something . she always liked her outfits . newline newline amon :  by your command i ... you know what , no . i am sick of this shit . i . am . amon ! i am the grand marquis of hell and i will not be brought down to fulfill such petty requests ! not anymore ! he points directly at rebecca girl ! newline newline rebecca :  y..yes ? newline newline amon :  i shall you give you this advice for free . if this katie troubles you so you should take it upon yourself to deal with her or just talk to this male yourself . i am positive that human males like strong females . now stop vexing me and release me or you shall know truly what it means to feel the wrath of a demon . newline newline rebecca :  i..uh..i ... i release you . newline newline amon :  never summon me again ! newline newline there is another blinding flash of light and amon is gone .  newline newline rebecca :  thanks ... i guess ... oh i know . newline newline she picks up her cell phone and makes a call . ringing is heard on the other end newline newline phone :  hey becky , what s up ? newline newline rebecca :  oh my god trish you got to try this out ... nothing registers ... dna tests are negative . psychic tests are negative . no cybernetics or nanotech . and exhaustive magical screens revealed nothing .  newline newline  so he has no super powers what so ever . he s just a normal human ?  newline newline  by our tests ... yes .  newline newline  then , i guess ... he is nt the one that defeated that intergalactic space monster ?  newline newline  how do you explain the video ?  newline newline  i do nt know .  newline newline newline i really do pity those scientists . they definitely have some superintelligence and other abilities , but as usual nothing shows up . hundreds of years of test development for superpowers and not one of them can detect my abilities . in fact , they d probably would nt believe i m hearing them from four rooms away while in this supposedly soundproof test chamber . oh well , i ve come to accept and love this strange quirk of mine . ah , one of them is coming by ... get the feeling to release me . she seems so defeated . i ll compliment on her glasses , maybe that ll brighten her day . newline newline the door opens to the test chamber and a mousey looking scientist with short red hair comes in ,  if you can come with me , i ll lead you out .  newline newline i stand up from the solitary chair in the test chamber ,  did you guys find anything ?  newline newline she momentarily looks down at her clipboard , even though she knows the answer and replies a bit saddened ,  uhh ... no . none at all .  newline newline i shrug , put a smile on my face while walking her direction ,  so , i m the same guy i was yesterday ! good to know .  newline newline she leads me out of the room and directs me towards the end of the hall . i walk casually with my bright orange hawaiian shirt flowing freely over my favorite one punch man tshirt . after closing the door , the scientist quickly appears right next to me . teleporter . wait ... no ... that s not it ... ah ! superridiculous speed it seems like teleportation . neat ! newline newline  i m really sorry we ve kept you so long this time .  newline newline  ah , it s okay . it s a really nice facility you all have here . i never got to see more than the initial testing areas when i young , the expansions you ve put in are amazing !  newline newline  well , testing for superpowers is quite a necessity in society .  newline newline  i bet . so much requires them these days . and the requirement levels keep on getting higher .  newline newline i sense something strange . it s from her ... her gaze . those deep green eyes are intensely scanning me . i bet she has some supersight or something like that . i met her gaze , i do nt think she s quite realized i m looking back at her . i start checking my face with my hand ,  oh ? do i have something on my face ? something in the teeth ? i had a spinach wrap for lunch , i bet something is stuck in there  newline newline she blinks and realizes she s been staring , and immediately turns her head away and forward . i can see a flush of pink in cheeks .  i uh yyyou got it out .  newline newline  ha , thanks .  newline newline it s a quiet for a few moments as she regains her composure . newline newline  are you certain there was no one else around the crash site ?  newline newline  ummm ... yes . at least no one else i could see . sorry , i do nt know any more . it was just me and whatever that thing was from all i know .  newline newline  it s okay . we ve just been having someone going around defeating monsters and saving people ... but we ve never been able to find them ... and you seem to be around these places more often that not .  newline newline i could feel that strange sensation again . i briefly glance over ,  i could nt help but to notice , but those glasses really compliment your eyes .  newline newline another quick blink from her and she snaps her head back forward . this time she s flushed a nearly glowing red . newline newline we finally get out the front door and she s walked me up to the sidewalk right outside the gates . newline newline  well , mr. madison . the organization appreciates your cooperativeness in helping us figure out these strange incidents .  newline newline i smile and chuckle ,  well , hopefully i stop having such horrible luck in being these situations . it s nice to see everyone , but i d really like to meet in nicer circumstances  newline newline a loud tumbling crash interrupts as sedan rolls into the air , right at mr. madison and the scientist . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline she looks at the sedan and her mind races . the world slows down to a near standstill . the sedan is coming right at them . she lets go of her clipboard and it slowly descends as gravity acts upon it . both arms wrap around mr. madison and she powers him out of the path of the sedan . she may not have superstrength , but fitness facilities at the organization test facilities are rival to none and free access to employees . after what is mere moments to her and a fraction of a second to others , she s cleared the path of airborne sedan newline newline her arms momentarily move and something slips out of them . she feels nothing . she feels she s grabbing onto ... air ? a glance still shows mr. madison being pulled along looking towards something is he becoming transparent ? ! what is he looking at oh no ! newline newline she looks in front of the path of the sedan and sees bystanders just now trying to react to the car about to hit them did it just jump back into the air ? ! newline newline the sedan pitches back up into the air and is now on a path to go safely over the bystanders and land into empty roadway . she studies this ... and as the scene slowly progresses , a faint bright orange trail leaves her going to the point where the car sharply pitched up , and then the trails goes too ... the villain who threw it ? ! the villain for some reason is flying backwards with his face contorting from something smacking him what the hell ? ! for a brief moment she swears mr. madison in her arms is almost transparent and her arms are going through him ? ! newline newline then , mr. madison returns to full opacity , her arms shake a bit . then for a few more moments the odd blur around mr. madison dissipates . newline newline her mind slows back down and the world goes back to full speed . the sedan bounces over the bystanders and safely lands . the villain spins backwards onto the pavement , completely knocked out , much to the surprise and shock of the heroes who were fighting him . they can only look at each other in confusion at why the villain is now sprawled out , unconscious on the ground . she feels that mr. madison has regained his footing and she lets go of him . newline newline he looks around at the scene ,  wow ! you got me clear of that in a hurry ! that was amazing ! do you have superstrength or something ? ! i mean , i m not exactly light and all  newline newline she holds back the urge to use her enhanced sight on mr. madison . he s being nice and complimenting . a sly smirk grows on her face , and she reaches into her lab coat s front pocket to pull out one of her business cards , along with a pen . she turns over to the blank side and writes something quickly . newline newline she presents the business side of the card to mr. madison ,  as usual , mr. madison , here s my business card should you need to report anything more ...  newline newline he reaches to take it ...  well , ms. mcmalloy , i will definitely  newline newline she flips the card over ,  and if you d like to meet in better circumstances , here s my contact information .  newline newline mr. madison s freezes mid grab . ms. mcmalloy calmly places the card between his fingers , and closes them onto the card . she confidently walks around to the side of him ,  oh , you can call me by my middle name cynthia .  newline newline cynthia looks over at the stunned look on mr. madison s face , as he blushes and seems to be at a complete loss to react . the sly smirk grows to a devilish grin . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline by the time i regained my senses , she was well inside organization s facility and i m standing in the middle of the street . despite all the activity around me , i could only look at the business card with cynthia s personal phone number and email address . newline newline  huh ...  newline part one .   http : www.reddit.comrwritingpromptscomments2ekacpmpwritesomethingthatgoeswiththissoundtrack   part two .   http : www.reddit.comrwritingpromptscomments2eyx77mpwritearesponsetothispromptusingthis  media prompts keep bringing me back to this and adding more . these are the first installments .  newline newline newline sister has glass eyes like a doll . she speaks of lightening rooms and marching men . sister is pale , sister is thin . father smokes and mother shrieks , and i hide my secrets deep . there is a song playing for sister , but they try to make it quiet . i ca nt imagine her songs are much louder , but i m better at denying it . newline newline my big doe eyes must make me look scared . mother leads me down the hall . clack , clack , clack .  she is brisk but i must crawl , as she talks , knowing i ca nt speak back . clack , clack , clack .  newline newline the woe is me and dreadfully so , wrist to forehead , sigh . the stiff upper lip , patting my crutches , cry . father follows , stoic , as we trek outside . behind all of our charades we try to hide .i was sitting on my bench at the front of my house with my son . it was late but there were still people from the wedding rehearsal in our front field . i took a drink and passed the bottle to my son . i was so proud of him . he was getting married tomorrow , going to start a family of his own soon . newline newline newline  so dad . tell me the story again .  newline newline newline  what story ?  i asked . i had told him many from my time as a soldier . when i had fought so hard to throw off the yoke of the imperials . newline newline newline  how you killed general winter .  newline newline newline  you ve heard that one so many times .  newline newline newline  yeah , but one more time .  newline newline newline  well , they were stronger than us , bigger , and had more resources . but we were faster , and we hit harder , we had to fight smarter not harder .  this was the way i always started the story . it was true , sort of .  i broke into the camp by dressing as ... .  i trailed off after taking a drink .  no , that is nt true at all .  newline newline newline  wait what ?  newline newline newline  i did nt dress as a guard to get in .  newline newline newline  but you ve always told it that way .  he said looking at me strangely . i felt uncomfortable but i suddenly had the overpowering need to tell the truth to him . newline newline newline  we bribed a guard .  newline newline newline  they took a bribe ?  newline newline newline  yeah , the imperials could pay their way out of a draft at that time , he probably wanted to go home . anyway we bribed a guard to sneak us in . it was after a bombing so they had a lot of wounded men . i got through without too much difficulty .  in my mind i thought back to the packages of explosives with bags of crushed marble and screws on the side before shaking my head . newline newline newline  okay , so you sneaked in that s ...  newline newline newline  i always told you i dueled him with a sword but that is nt true either . he was writing letters and i killed him with a machete .  newline newline newline  what were the letters ?  newline newline newline  i do nt know . i could nt read their language too well , but there were pictures in it . it did nt look official .  newline newline newline  okay , but did you burn the camp down like in the story ?  newline newline newline i sighed and thought for a moment .  no , i got out before anyone noticed . they retreated a few days later .  newline newline newline he remained silent and took a drink . newline newline newline  okay but the fighting ended after that right ?  newline newline newline i actually laughed a little at this .  well , we stopped fighting them . after that we mostly fought each other . but that was before all the problems with the bank and then there was the famine and.  newline newline newline he had stopped listening .  it was such a good story dad.  i heard him mutter . newlineit s during that night , when i finally got drunk for the first time , that everything unrolled in front of me . as i was headed home , a strange pale figure appeared , yet seemed familiar , not in its look , but in the way it made me feel . newline newline   i m here to reveal secrets ...   newline   wh ... what ? what secrets ?   newline   henry has commited crimes , i m here to let you know about it ...   newline newline at that point i knew what i was going to hear next was not going to be pleasant . i already knew what this was about . when i was about 7 i use to talk to this imaginary friend , particularly at night right before my parents would wish me good night . newline newline   henry , it was him who threw your pet in the well newline   you can not be telling the truth , this is impossible , what is this ?   newline   yet it was indeed him , it was just time for you to know  newline newline the figure left after that , letting me wander in my mind about what could have provoked this . i always thought fyal had just fell into it , i remember how sad it made me , i remember talking about it to henry , my parents had a more concerned look on their face that day . could this be the truth ? what is henry actually ? my imagination as a child , or trouble ? newline newline a creepling sensation invaded me , with a sense of what was coming next to be terribly awful . newline newline i did nt know how to approach this horror , my head went straight to fyal , my pet kitten , it was a very good friend , that just did nt know any better , or so i thought ... what just happened was real , i know this time it was nt my imagination . newline newline next day , as i woke up to this feeling again , the one that announced nothing better to come , i knew how to clear out the situation , i had to go back to the well and start investigating , even ask the neighbors . it was them that brought fyal to me , they saw it happen , when he tragically passed away . i remember the conversation they had with my parents , it was brief and sad , but nothing really out of the ordinary know that i think about it as an older self . newline newline my thoughts went back to this figure i saw last night , why did it feel strangely familiar ? it looked nothing like i could have possibly imagined as a kid . newline newline i knew what the familiar effect it has on me was , that henry , even as a child i had brief moments of suspicions of him not being entirely made of out off my mind . newline newline he had come to tell me the truth about what he did , finally . newlinein front of him , a man laid down , panting , drenched in sweat , like he ran the run of his life . he did . newline newline on his desk , two or three phones were ringing . he did nt care . he knew what was happening . the united states of america were on the verge of destruction . he had nt see it coming . not on this scale . the threats from the talibans had been addressed too lightly . and now , he had to deal with the consequence . facing the most difficult choice in his life , the president decided to cross the line . morality had no word to say in this case . newline newline he took the mobile phone in the interior pocket of his jacket , and made a brief call , before putting it back in the pocket . the operation was launched . the man who was lying down seconds ago was now standing on his two feet , but still in a state of exhaustation . the president did not care about that , and started walking outside of the office , urging him to follow his steps . the man executed his order . newline newline they passed a group of clueless guards . the guards tried to accompany the president and his man , but he made clear he did nt need protection . soon enough , the president and the man were standing in front of a wardrobe , on the end of a rarely frequented corridor of the white house . instead of opening the doors of the piece of furniture , he put his hand over the top of it , and struggled for a second or two before he heard a little click , and then a much louder click . only after the latter he opened the wardrobe , which revealed a passage for a hidden room . the president entered the newly opened room , and the man followed , not asking any question . newline newline on a wall , hundreds of monitors were showing different places in america . in the streets , into the buildings of wall street , every important place of the united states were displayed on the screens . on the center of the room , a long armchair , which looked like a dentist s chair , was waiting for someone to connect the helmet device lying on a table right next to it . a scientist  the man presumed , by his white blouse  welcomed the president . he warned him about  precautions  ,  responsability  and  not ready to be used  , but the president did nt listen . he did nt have time . in minutes , america would fall into chaos . the scientist flayed his arms , trying to stop the president . the most important man in the world pulled off a gun from his jacket , and fired at the scientist . a huge red hole appeared on his head . newline newline the man was petrified . the president just killed someone in cold blood right in front of him . and now he was staring at him . he was daring him to stop him . the man did nt move . the president stopped watching at the man , and sit on the armchair . he put the helmet device on his head . on it , there was a switch . he flicked it on  on  . newline newline huge electric arcs burst out of the helmet , electrocuting the president . or so it seemed . somehow , he did nt look like he was suffering . he looked in control . his hands were gripping tightly on the arms of the chair . on the screen , the pictures changed . they were now showing the insides of planes . men in black and armed with guns , threatening the life of the passengers , but also those of millions of americans . newline newline the man did not understand . but he did not ask questions . because it was how he was taught . suddenly , the electric arcs intensified . the man looked at the screens , and little by little , the men in black seemed to disappear . like erased from reality . the president was clenching his teeth . now he looked in pain . but he kept going . the man understood he was the reason the terrorists were being removed from history . the device , he did not know what it was . all he knew is that it was saving america from impending deaths . newline newline eventually , the president lost his selfcontrol . he screamed in pain . but he kept going . the man could not believe his eyes . the man who had it all , money , glory and power , was sacrificing himself and his incredible life , and he could only watch him , helpless , thinking about how he could never do that . newline newline the room was shaking . it was going to explode . the president knew that . the man knew it too . he shouted him his last words , before ordering him to go . the man nodded , and ran towards the exit , without turning back . newline newline he ran . he heard an explosion . the blast propulsed him into the wall , and he lost consciousness . newline newline when he woke up , he was surrounded by a dozen of guards , holding him in the line of fire . he stood up slowly , and spoke . newline newline  the president died for us . people must never know . take me to the surgeon . i have to replace him . this was his last will . do it now .  newline newline the guards would have never agree in normal conditions . but under all this confusion , they followed the only one who gave orders . newline newline   newline newline  finally , even after two terms , i was never able to be like him  , said george w. bush to his confident , a man who gained his trust and to whom he revealed the truth .  he was selfless , daring , and ... just great , all around .  newline newline the confident nodded . for receiving all the praise the new bush repeatedly gave to the original during those last ten years , the original must have truly been a great man . newline newline  i was never rich . when i replaced him , i had everything he had . the money . i lost track of what was important in this world . i failed him .  newline newline the sadness in his voice really hurt the confident . george w. bush was a great friend of him . even if some of his decisions were really debatable , he was a good person . he tried his best to succeed to his mentor when he was not qualified enough . but with courage , he did it . he worked hard . the people around him were toxic , though . they manipulated him like a puppet , and the confident could only watch it from the shadow he belonged to . newline newline  do you think he hates me , from where he is ?  newline newline the confident saw george s teary eyes and his begging for an answer . so he answered truthfully and honestly . newline newline  he s probably disappointed with some of the choices you made .  newline newline this answer was devastating for w. but the confident did nt stop there , and continued . newline newline  but he knows you ve done your best . i do nt think i know anyone who would be capable of going through what you ve been . you have overcome his expectations by a far margin . i ve already told you , george . you re a hero , in your own way .  newline newline george w. bush laughed . the words of his confident had had the healing power he needed . maybe he exaggerated the toughness of the situation , but still , he felt much better after having heard those moving thoughts of his best friend . newline newline the confident glanced over his watch . newline  it s 9 . i have to go .  newline  until next time , friend  , said george . newline newline the confident left the ranch of the expresident . he sighed . newline newline  surviving the explosion was the best thing that happened to me . maybe not for america , but thanks to you , i was able to free myself from this inevitable march for power i hated so much . thank you , new george .  newline newline the original opened the driver door of a cadillac dts , attached his seat belt , and drove off to his home .lilith settled down into a small clearing underneath a mighty pine tree , surveying the landscape for any game still gathering food for winter . the snow had been light so far this year , although the temperatures had already begun to dip low . everyone in quito had been predicting another harsh winter with several feet of snow , but so far they had been lucky . as happened every time a winter started off mild , folks were beginning to chatter that maybe this meant that things were finally starting to warm back up . newline newline lilith was always a little bit confused as such talk . there was no one left alive who lived before the cold swallowed the earth , yet most people acted like this ice age , which has lasted generations , was merely a passing inconvenience . as if suddenly the warmth would return , the ice would recede , and we could all trek back to the great metropolises that once dominated the world . lilith couldn  t imagine what that world was like , all those many years ago , and she knew no one else could either . yet everyone had their own family legend of what things were like when they lived in the north , before it became a frozen wasteland . newline newline her own family tells of a grandfather many generations ago that lived in the great deserts of arizona  a place where there was more sun than rain , and never snow . and it was hot . so hot that everyone lived inside buildings that were kept cold on purpose , with specially conditioned air . it was a time of greed and addictions , wealth and excess . until the winter came , the winter that never left . the world just kept getting colder , until the peoples of the north and the south left their homes and invaded the equator . that many people crammed into small habitable strips of land naturally gave rise to tremendous conflict , and was a breed ground for disease . newline newline a sharp snap of a branch drew lilith  s attention back to more worldly matters . a deer crept cautiously through the stand of trees . lilith nocked an arrow , and steadied her breathing as she took aim . just as she was ready to fire , a sharp gust of wind blew a clump of snow off of a tree , spooking the deer . the deer began to run . lilith fired , exhaling sharply . the arrow pierced through the cold winter air , and landed with a dull thud in the deer  s hindquarters . the deer ran , limping through the trees , leaving a trail of blood behind it . newline newline lilith gave chase but quickly lost sight of the deer as it scampered away fleeing for its life . she followed its trail , going up over small ridges , and sliding down after it . she noted the increased flow of blood on the trail , and places where the deer had clearly fallen . she traipsed a couple hundred yards more through the woods , before she found it . the deer was collapsed on the ground , its breathing labored . newline newline as lilith moved toward it , unsheathing her knife , her gaze shifted to what was before her . a whole swath of trees broken down , leading toward a massive crater . there was something shimmering at the bottom of it . her mind turned immediately to the meteor everyone had seen a few days ago . this must be it , she thought to herself . she clamored down the side of the crater down to the meteor . it was enormous , with much of it seeming to be wedged underground . the largest part of it seemed to be an enormous reflective disk of some sort , though large chunks of it had broken off in reentry , and its bright surface was scorched in many places . attached to the disk was building of some sort , much smaller than the disk but still big enough to hold several people inside . lilith could find no doors , but the outside held a plaque which was still readable : newline newline narcissus i newline newline on this day we best the forces of nature with the power of science . let it be said by our children that as we stared into the abyss of our own making , we acted and saved our planet from the threat of ever rising temperatures . newline newline july 26 , 2039 newline newline lilith pried the plaque off of the meteor , and climbed back out of the crater . the deer had stopped breathing , and lilith went methodically about dressing it to lug back home . she was so excited to get back with her kill , and to tell everyone about the meteor . newline newline as she trudged home , snow began to fall .i  m not the oldest teddy bear still alive , but i am still so very old . my father was one of the founding members of the night brigade . i of course , bright eyed and tight stitched , followed in his footsteps at a young age . the decades of fighting night terrors show in the finely stitched scars , the lost stuffing and missing eye . i  ve done my duty protecting humans many times over and paid a heavy price for it . newline newline every time i walk through the front door to the cheers of my grandcubs , several generations great , i am reminded of why it was all worth it . they gather in circles around me , begging me for stories and fighting pretend monsters with pretend claws . of late , i often find myself wasting entire days with the cubs , my smile as wide as theirs . newline newline today is one such day and the cubs sit excitedly at my feet , each one pointing at a scar , calling for me to tell the story of how i got it . one particular cub catches my attention , however . she sits quietly in the back , not calling out like the others but focused intently on me . she is the only girl in the entire sloth of cubs . newline newline i watch her , letting the rest of the younglings continue to make noise . moments pass and still she says nothing as the boys slowly quiet down one by one . when the room has fallen silent , she meets my gaze and in a soft but steady voice she asks  please tell us how you lost the eye ?  newline newline it  s a gruesome tale , one in which i would not ordinarily tell to cubs not even old enough to have names . still , there  s something unique about the way she looks at me . strong eyes , yet curious and respectful , plead with me to tell my story . i nod once , decided , and begin to speak of history . newlineas of late , ive been able to convince my followers that any and all misrepresentations or contradictory statements would be resolved soon due to the end being nigh . however , this plan seems to have backfired , and i need to act fast ... newline newline up till now , the lines that cross what my subjects will believe and what my imagination can conjour have begun to blur . people have a natural tendency to fear the unknown , and embrace the promise of a future . if car salesmen and electronic dealers have taught us anything , its that humans will do anything for a guarantee . newline newline tonight i was to give my speech as to what happened . why the fire and brimstone remain unearthed , and why those deemed unclean still walk the earth , if not taller then before . newline newline i was going to need a miracle ... newline newline so , according to my reasearch , the patient is still suffering from the effects of her uncle mistreating her as a child . the black clothes , the depression , issues with self image all lead credence to this conclusion . i suspect the patients conciousness is extremely fragile and if confronted , too suddenly , with her past may completely collapse .  dr.amman types into his patient dossier . unfortunately this seems to be the 4th successive prognosis this month he has written for patients with seemingly the same indicators . the similarities are striking , the only difference being the names and location . newline newline  doctor , are you ok ? you look sick , come sit on the bed .  dr.amman s assistant motions towards the bed .  yes , i ve been overwhelmed by odd emotions , these cases , these people.. i feel an odd connection to their peril .  rubbing his temples he tries to remove their accounts from his mind , their confusion , sadness , unexpected complacency . he lies down and tries to relax . newline newline  yes , relax dear , you are so tired , do nt let these troublesome memories concern you . let s get these clothes off of you . yes , just relax .  he says looking at this beautiful young thing before his eyes . beer on his breath and grotesque belly showing he grins .  it ll make it easier cheryl .  newline newline the doctor awakens from his nap in his office chair , not feeling rested and with obvious concern on his face . for some reason the name cheryl is plastered in his mind , screaming , panic , hottness . just like so many other times . newline newline the buzzer drones and the click clack of his office door opens , bringing another patient , another problem . you see , the doctor has such a practise the he never leaves the premises . everything he needs comes through his office door with the same unmistakable click clack of the lock and buzzer and a new assistant with the same odd grin . he d grown used to the odd faces his assistants have upon entering , he d determined several months ago they all suffered from abandonment issues and self image issues due to their sagging bellies and other portly features . this time a blond girl with pretty blue eyes is lead into his office and sits across from his desk . newline newline  my name is cheryl , i was   she starts .  raped by my uncle  the doctor completes ... newline newline newline newline i told you , i was lit that night . i pregamed before the party and the killing happened at the afterparty . i m sorry detective , but i ca nt remember shit from that night .  john sounded tired , but looked rather proud of his night of binge drinking . newline newline  i wish i could let you go johnny , i know that you do nt even know the girl that was killed . she was from out of town . but i got to get some answers . for justice , this girl was going places . she was my neice .  detective lynch sounded sorrowful as he finished speaking . but a smile erupted as he pulled out a pint of fireeball and an 18 pack of budlight .  here s what i m gon na need you to do . get dumb wasted and talk to the mirror about the other night . tell about all the fun you had , do nt leave out any details .  newline newline john , being the young alcoholic he was , chugged the fireball with no remorse , and then finished 3 beers before lynch could come back from the bathroom . newline newline  it s all coming back to me now ...  john whispered , eyes widened .  i want to go home , i ve told you everything .  talking to the infamous two sided mirror . newline newline lynch began speaking through the intercom .  john , do nt you want justice for this little girl ? for lucy ?  newline john began regurgitating everywhere .  is it the alcohol , or the memories ?  lynch s voice was aggressive now . newline newline  i want my lawyer .  john said in a demanded , slurred tone . john did nt have one though . at that realization john pulled out his phone , and in a joyous chant , yelled  better call saul !  newline newlineit s 2am . night before christmas . fuck you , i ca nt sleep . my brain is going too fast , i want to go out in the snow and make snow angels , i want to build a snowman . i want to make a snowman out of construction paper and tape it to the window . i want to make paper snowflakes and use the remaining paper as snow around me . i want to open my presents now , and eat the nutella in the cuboard . i do nt know why but because it s there . newline newline i m 10 , and i do nt care . i ca nt sit still . they tried testing me for adhd but it was inconclusive . i could focus like a laser beam on steroids . i ca nt sleep . i have nt been able to sleep properly for three months . newline newline yet i hear a train , in the distance . i do nt live near train tracks . what is this ? a huge fucking train just showed up in front of my house like what ? i do nt know , but i do know i want to go out to it , touch it , make sure it s real . i ca nt sit here . newline newline i get up and go out to the train . a weird looking man with a scraggly beard and a hard look in his blue eyes stared at me .  you re going to get on this train .  he told me .  and shut up .  newline newline  are you going to make me ?  i asked .  because that would be stupid . it d be kidnapping . i d yell loud and wake up this whole neighborhood ! i ll make them come and see this !  newline newline  just get on the train .  he said . his long bony arms shoved me forward and i stumbled onto the stairs . i climb up . newline newline the train is in pandemonium . the other passengers , the other kids are running about . one girl in the front is dressed only in a sheet .  i am god . this is all my creation !  she s screaming . one boy in the back is openly sobbing . one girl is staring out the window dejectedly . two boys up front are screaming at each other coming close to a fighting match . another girl is frantically scribbling in a notebook with a zeal in her eyes i almost recognized . newline newline  i want to get off .  i said .  i do nt like it .  newline newline the conductor pushed me forward .  there s no getting off this train . it s the bipolar express . failure . some failures are worse than others . newline newline george was on his side , in a pool of his own blood . the once busy street , now cracked and broken by warfare , was loud with the sound of gunfire . george was a soldier , sure , but three bullets in the leg is enough to put most people out of action . he was nt superman , after all . newline george was nt used to the location , either . he was used to fighting in wider areas , and poorer countries . usually with a lot more sand . he never expected to be fighting on his own soil . george fell on to his back , and watched as what was left of his comrades fought on , valiantly , against the mechanised military invading their home . looking back at his mangled leg , george felt the pain a bit more . but not enough to take his mind off the present . he looked back at the advancing horde , and awaited one to notice him and kill him without skipping a beat . perhaps that was for the best . except something had changed . they were nt advancing anymore . and they were nt shooting . newline newline george sat up slightly looking in puzzlement as a medic ran up to him and examined his leg . other soldiers sighed in relief , others still advanced forward while they could , reloaded , or relaxed a little , waiting for whatever came next . but most just stared in confusion . newline seconds went by , three then four before the drones finally moved . up . they rocketed in to the air , and away . within a minute , only the troops were left . the naive ones cheered , thinking they d won , but the older troops calmed them with worried expressions painted on their faces . no one knew what was happening , comms were out . but it could nt be good , surely ? newline newline suddenly , as george was beginning to speak to the medic , his voice was drowned out in a scream . george looked at his comrades , and watched as some ran away in fear , others glued to the spot , looking in awe . the medic had left before george realised , sprinting down the street . george slowly turned himself to look in the direction his friends were gawking at , and what he saw brought his heart to his throat . he only saw a black dot in the distance , falling ever soslowly , before it happened . george s view was flashed and his sight obliterated with the brilliant light of a thousand suns , the horrendous , thundering roar only lasting a second or two before his ear drums were destroyed . he fell on to his back , two senses gone , and all he could feel was the first wave , and the heat washing over him , as he succumbed to the unbelievable power emanating from only a mile away . to protect his country , they had failed . he had failed . newline and some failures are worse than others .miss six had been watching the house next to her for a little while now . newline newline there wasn  t much to see . the wind toying with the corner of a dusty curtain , the lament of the settling house , the dancing leaves of the trees across the window . mr. seven  s death had happened long ago . the house  s sole caretakers now were the gnarled hands of time , tearing away at the rotting deck , peeling the paint off in curling flakes in its own selfish boredom . newline newline that  s why , when miss six awoke to find mr . seven knocking at her door , she was hesitant to let him in . newline newline but she did what any lady would do . she put the kettle on , with shaking hands , and sat down opposite him to listen to him . newline newline he slurped the tea loudly and set the cup down with a clatter . newline newline  things haven  t been good since the old man took power.  newline newline six glanced to the side . she knew the hardships since he had inherited the throne from the old lady before him . her rule was kind and prosperous  falling to an untimely end after her death after choking on the leg of a horse . newline since then , the old man had ordered the destruction of six  s acres of pine forest . the fire had poisoned the sky with smoke , leaving only blackened stumps and broken twigs in its wake . newline newline and she wasn  t the only victim . newline newline three lost both legs when he didn  t bow to the old man . he was brave , but stupid . it taught them that the old man was cold and unforgiving  merciless . newline newline seven  s hands wrung together in his lap . newline newline  he thought i was a threat to him . convinced that i was plotting his murder  that i would be the one to send him to heaven.  newline his voice cracked , he shifted in his chair . newline newline  so , he sent nine down to do it . his strength , his blind loyalty . he pulled out a gun and shot at me in public , but he didn  t hit me . and so , i ran.  newline newline he looked out the window , tripped up by his own paranoia . newline newline  and i haven  t stopped running since.  newline newline six  s eyes were wide in disbelief . newline newline  they told us you were dead.  newline newline  they wanted to scare you . he  s really not that powerful.  newline newline her chest was tight . newline newline  so what are you going to do now ?  newline newline seven paused to think for a moment . he raised the teacup to his lips and took a sip . he put it down and smirked . newline newline  there is only one thing to do , i guess.  newline newline his eyes gleamed . newline newline  this old man comes rolling home . when i woke up my blindfold had been removed . i tried to cover my eyes but my hand would nt move . eyes screwed shut , i decided to test every limb . the darkness proved useful in allowing me to concentrate . i could tense my muscles but nothing would move . newline newline i slumped back against the supports . the light behind my eyes dimmed from red to black . when i chose to open them i was confronted with nothing but a concrete wall . newline newline a dull light shone to my left , a screen showed the words  wanted for treason  under a picture of a woman . newline she glared at me , stubborn and proud , the picture of an unmovable object . newline newline my support clinked together as i shifted , supporting my weight with my legs . i hissed at a stabbing pain in my neck , and a wet feeling i could nt remove . i shifted again and the stabbing returned , this time a little blood dropped onto my chest . newline newline lights flicked on again . the light was bearable this time . a shadow flittered at the edge of my vision , a door opened and shut , and there was food in front of me . i reached for a slice of bread , recoiling when the pain returned . newline newline laughter echoed in the room . something entered the room again . i curled up at two swift punches to the stomach . whatever it was would nt stop moving long enough for me to look at it . newline newline a sudden shout changed everything . the ache in my stomach registered finally , dull and constant , but bearable . i looked down to see that more drops of blood had joined the first , clearly whoever put this on did nt care to prevent the tearing . newline newline my eyes focused on the man stood in front of me , his movements painfully slow as he reached forwards and removed the metal collar . he tutted at the blood covering the needles lining the inside , and placed the collar on the floor . newline newline my eyes were drawn to the food , the ache in my stomach worsening at the sight . my stomach growled , a low and ominous sound , breaking the silence . newline newline the figure laughed . what did he find so funny about my pain anyway ? i glared at the man , daring him to speak . newline newline  well are nt you just a treat ?  he grinned , and placed a cloth to my face  unfortunately for you , your time is far more valuable than your reward ,  newline newline   please be kind , this is the first fiction i ve created in 4 years . it s been a while !   newline   somehow this ended up on a different prompt . please be on the time is money prompt now  they called themselves humans  . they have been here far longer than any of our kind , but do nt let their presence fool you , they are not nearly as dangerous as you would like to think . they are half our size , and not nearly as strong . they wield these little weapons that bounce small balls off of us . they are not a threat . newline newline regardless of their imputence at assaulting us , our kind is known for our war tactics . it s clear that we are far more intelligent than they , since in their fear of us , they tried to strike us down with a higher grade of technology that manipulated atoms . newline newline it was mere hours before we sought revenge . there are no humans left unfortunately . their assault on us was a sign of fear and distrust , as we prosper on their planet and encourage the advancement of clean energies and repair the damage they ve dealt , the planet might never recover . in 1 solar cycle we are travelling to the next galaxy after harvesting enough raw materials and energy to seek the next home for our people . the next planet is called earth  and there are signs that humans are living in the same filthy conditions as here .the clock ticked past 12 . three days now we d been locked in this lab . newline newline our research into reanimation had been funded by oliver white , a texan billionaire . his only child had abandoned the family business for a foreign lover , and he had come to the conclusion that for his name to live forever , he would have to remain attached to it . for 2 years he d supplied us with a research facility , materials and a steady supply of corpses , all accompanied with a detailed death report  . it was an awful way to make a living , but i was morbidly curious , and the pay was obscenely high . it had become my obsession . newline newline within 8 months we had discovered that a watered down cocktail of sodium thiopental and potassium chloride , with a healthy measure of glucose , could stimulate electrical impulses in the brain and heart . from then on , it was a case of finding the right dosage . most of the bodies twitched for couple of minutes , before resting once more . a couple had bolted upright , and locked eyes with me , before the drugs which had given them another life swiftly took it back . newline newline after 18 months , we could maintain life for around 5 minutes . entering uncharted waters as we were , we found an unexpected quirk to our work . we were always curious to know how much of their deaths our subjects remembered , and using the reports , we realised that it was directly related to the trauma of their demise . those who had slipped away suddenly simply resurfaced on our cold steel operating table . almost all thought that they were dreaming . some unfortunate souls reentered the world at the moment they had left  gasping for air , begging for mercy , or clawing frantically at an intangible assailant . andrews , my partner , suffered a nasty flesh wound from a foolishly close test tube , inflicted by a hulk of a man who tore the leather restraints like tissue paper . it was the only time our emergency firearm was needed . newline newline after two years , we had finally drained our benefactor s vast resources . the government had been tolerating our research purely on the understanding that white kept the donations flowing , and as they dried up , the feds swooped in . all of our notes were confiscated . two men , in matching black suits , told us through the door that we would die with our twisted games , as they locked us in the facility and cut the power . we were utterly cut off from the world . a younger me would have found the irony of dying in a death research lab hilarious . newline newline there was only one body left .  835 . a 24year old . he was last seen falling from the golden gate bridge . he had screamed before he hit the water . we were nt looking forward to this one . for the 835th time , i prepared the solution . i was alone this time . andrews sat on the other side of the room . he had nt talked to me in almost exactly 27 hours . as i slid the needle into the boy s skinny arm , my mind was numb . newline newline i stared at  835 s face for two minutes . two minutes more . i turned to check the needle , before he awoke , eyes and mouth wide , gasping for the air he had given up on . i scanned his eyes , trying to take an early evaluation of his condition . i realised he had calmed down quickly , and was taking similar mental notes of me . he took one more slow breath . newline newline  is this ... is this what s next ?  newline newline i d given up trying to answer that question at around  200 . i ignored him for now , and kept watching his eyes . blue and bloodshot , they watched me back . newline newline  what is this ? did you save me ?  newline newline  yes . i suppose so . stay still for me .  newline newline his cheeks had flushed pink , and his breathing seemed normal . my ears strained for the nowabsent tone of the heart rate monitor which they d disconnected .  835 lunged for me . newline newline i was not shocked . of course he was pissed . he had tried to take his own miserable life , and i was the bastard who d stopped him . i reached to the shelf on my right for the emergency firearm . newline newline which the feds had taken . newline newline as i paused to realise this , his arms were around my neck . i did nt have the strength to fight him off . newline newline  thank you .  newline newline newline newline newline newlineevery morning , i look into a mirror . the one on my dresser , table , floor , hallway . newline newline every night , i look into the mirror hanging above my bed , gaining conciousness just as the heavy fog of sleep cascades over my body . i take control only to dream and wake up . if i try to leave the room , i ll look into a mirror . newline newline that is what my sister does to me . she has always been the colder one . newline newline i do nt know how she makes it out of this room without waking me . all i know is that one day , i woke up here , and now i watch my body grow older in the flicker of surprise every morning before my world fades out . newline newline she leaves knives on the floor , bricks scattered haphazardly over the room . i ve given her many a bloody foot getting myself out of this prison . newline newline people used to tell me that they thought my moods were odd . that they liked this me better , not the other me . newline newline if i asked them to describe her , they d tell me to seek psychiatric help . did nt i know how alien i was ? that me , i was told , could watch a child get run over by a truck and laugh . she schemed for everything . newline newline i ve never dated . i ve always been afraid of revealing people i love to her . she d use them against me , leave them tied up by their feet with the only pair of scissors in a box made entirely of mirrors . she d never let them go . i tried to think like her , back when we thought to unify , but feeling so much hate in my heart made me sick to the bone . newline newline like she plans on never letting me go . i do nt know what the world outside is like anymore . how would people react if they saw my face ? newline newline i ve been thinking , the past few months . about the purpose of my existance . newline newline keeping my eyes closed , i stand up on the cool glass floor . newline newline i do nt want to live like this . newline newline i kneel on my hands and knees , hands searching for something sharp . questing fingers grab a hilt . newline newline aiming for the wrist , i stab downwards newline newline   newline i ve found myself looking at one of the inner perimeter mirrors again , a rubber knife leaving a trail against my skin . newline newline that useless , suicidal fuck . newline newline closing my eyes , i say ,  the ghost has vacated the premises .  newline newline a siren sings , and the floor decends under my feet . newline newline footsteps walk toward me , masterfully avoiding the scattered garbage on the floor .  hi honey ,  a voice smiles somewhere above . i m led off of the floor and another alarm trills , quietly this time , as the mirror is suctioned back into its orginal position . newline newline i open my eyes to see those of my darling husband staring at me . she , i think , missed out . she d never wanted to date . she was too busy hating ourself .  how was it this time ?  newline newline his voice is warm . he has a little makeup mirror tucked into the pocket of his plaid shirt . my ghost thinks the world revolves around making everyone happy . me , i think it s only worth it for the people who make you happy in return . newline newline  she s going for the suicide method again , as i predicted . we ll have to move the nighttable mirror next time .  remember me ?  newline he spun around , startled , his hair in disarray . newline newline  how  newline  it was nt difficult ,  i said , cutting him off ,  your security is a joke .  newline he put down the hairbrush he had been holding . newline  i wanted to feel it one more time , the rush , being on stage .  newline i waited , the pistol in my hand heavier then it had any right to be after so many years . newline  do it ,  he said ,  do nt leave me in suspense like this .  newline newline i put the pistol down and picked up his guitar . newline  i play the guitar you know .  newline newline he looked at me , baffled . newline newline  i have been in the shadows my entire life , new names , new faces , i want to be on stage for once .  newline newline he laughed , as if what i had said was a joke , pathetic somehow . newline newline  shut up ,  i told him . newline newline his expression went somber and thoughtful . newline  then come on stage with me ,  he said .  play , and i ll shoot .  newline  shoot who ?  i asked him , newline newline  myself .  he said . newline newlinetanner stared at a faded picture which hung slightly askew on peeling floral wallpaper . the slight tilt of the picture frame only annoyed him at first , but after countless years it had driven him to the edge of sanity . he had come to realize he had cycles of hate for the dusty frame  sometimes he would only be annoyed , at other times he would clench his fists and gnash his teeth . at this point of his cycle , he was merely indifferent to the tilt , and tried to ignore it . newline newline when he thought about it , he realized how silly it was , to be angry at a picture frame , but as a ghost , there really wasn  t too much else he could do . sure he could roam the small cabin , inspecting all the minute details of his past life . looking at all the knickknacks sarah had stored along the mantle above the fireplace , or her artwork which adorned the walls , just everyday kind of stuff . newline newline sometimes he would stare at the door of his bedroom . he knew it was his bedroom , but he couldn  t open the door , due to being a ghost and all . he couldn  t just phase through the door , or any of the walls of the cabin for that matter . he always found it strange , his arms and hands would phase through objects , but when he tried to move through them , he would just bounce back . so he just stared at the bedroom door and wondered what was behind it , his memories of the room had been a blank spot in his mind ever since he had woke up . he wished the door was open . newline newline the picture was his favorite though , and something that he stared at all the time being just slightly off kilter ended up driving him up the wall . newline newline when he finally could look past the frame , he saw the picture of him and sarah . every time he looked at it , he was pulled back to that beautiful autumn day , both of them bundled up in jackets , the spectrum of fall leaves falling around them . sometimes he could hear the wind , at others he could feel the sharp bite of autumn in his fingertips . he would sigh and feel the joy of that day tugging at something within his chest . and then he  d see that damn picture frame , and it would pull him out of his memories , his only escape from the drab and dark cabin . newline newline it wasn  t easy being a ghost . for one thing , your memory sucks . that was the real reason why tanner loved the picture so much . when you weren  t looking at anything , everything began to slip away . the memories would fade , the feelings , any feelings , happiness , sadness , anger , would eventually just fade into nothingness and he  d find himself staring at an empty spot of the floral wallpaper . newline newline sometimes he fell into that doldrum and he would  wake up  sometime later , not knowing how much time had passed . hours ? days ? months ? he didn  t know , his only clue being the changes in the weather outside . he hated it , and it scared him , as he figured one day he would completely fade away , never to awaken again . newline newline today was a pretty normal day , he wandered around the cabin , looking at the knickknacks , remembering each one he had gifted her , and smiling at each . of course he wound his way back to the picture , and he lost himself inside that cold autumn day once again . newline newline   newline newline a sound pulled him out of his dreaming , and instantly he eyed the picture frame in suspicion . he stared in hot anger for a few moments before realizing how silly he was being . picture frames don  t make noises . well , if one were to , it would probably be that bastard . he shook his head and moved away from the picture and towards the living room . newline newline sometimes animals would explore the outside of the house , knocking things around , or just peer in through the window . perhaps it was a curious squirrel , or a deer nibbling at the ivy hanging from the eaves . newline newline as tanner walked into the living room , the front door suddenly swung open . yellow tape fluttering outside and into the wind . he stood in amazement . nobody had been to the cabin in years , and now somebody was suddenly barging in . fear and excitement ran through his body , each swirling around each other , trying to find which would be the victor and control his emotions . newline newline two people entered , each wrapped in winter clothing , and also wrapped in each other  s arms . the shorter one was in pink , the other in navy blue . a flash of blonde hair poked out from under the girl  s cap , and tanner  s breath caught in his throat . memories of sarah flooded his mind , and excitement fluttered in his chest . he peered closely and looked at the girl  s face , and his excitement dropped . it wasn  t sarah . newline newline the pair came into the room , closing the door shut behind them . newline newline  yeah , i saw this place when joe and i went hiking last year , tucked it away in the back of my head to check out one day.  the taller one said . newline newline  but tim , what about that yellow tape ? what is that all about ? i don  t like it !  the shorter one said , holding onto the taller one . newline newline  ah , don  t worry about that , babe.  tim said ,  i think this place was condemned a few years back , just trying to keep the kids out.  newline newline tanner moved slowly towards them . he hadn  t seen anyone else since he woke up lying on the floor of the kitchen a few years ago . for some reason , he knew they wouldn  t be able to see him , just some feeling told him so . he reached out a hand and touched the girl  s face . newline newline just like everything else in the cabin , he phased right through it , and the girl gave no notice . tanner sighed and stepped away from them . newline newline  ok , ok ,  the girl said ,  its just spooky !  she shivered and gripped the boy  s arm tighter .  its dark tim , can you please turn on the lantern already ?  newline newline the boy complied and lifted an electric lantern to his face in the dull light of the cabin . after he fiddled with it for a few moments , the room was bathed in the sterile tones of a fluorescent bulb . newline newline tanner stood in the corner , watching the two teenagers as they explored around the living room . he thought he would be angry as the girl picked up a knickknack and commented to the boy about how dusty everything was . he wasn  t angry though  the feeling just never surfaced inside his body . newline newline he did feel a twinge of excitement though as they came across the cupboard that stood upon the desk in the corner . he couldn  t remember what was in the cupboard , and with his incorporeal hands , he had never been able to explore inside of it . he peered over their shoulders as they reached forward and opened it with a slow creak . newline newline as his eyes played across the contents of cupboard he was pulled back into his memories . a cold night spent inside the warm cabin . warm lights . music playing from the old radio on the shelf . sarah and him dancing around the room . laughing . drinking . making love on the sofa . newline newline tanner opened his eyes , and he was filled to bursting with the memories and emotions of that night . he was a slave to his emotions , he spun in the dark cabin , his arms outstretched , only illuminated by the light from the boy  s lantern . it was pure bliss , something tanner had never felt before . he realized he was laughing as he spun about the room . newline newline as the memories and emotions faded , he came to a stop , and realized the pair were looking at him . newline newline  what was that ?  the girl asked , her voice shaky . newline newline  uh  the boy stammered . newline newline  i heard laughing ?  the girl said , unsure of herself ,  and did you feel that breeze ? where did that come from ?  newline newline  i don  t think it was laughing ,  the boy said ,  probably just a coyote or something out in the woods.  newline newline the girl eyed the boy suspiciously , and he laughed .  oh come on rachel , i know it  s spooky , but it  s just an old cabin in the woods.  newline newline tanner was in shock , as the two turned back around and busied themselves with the cupboard . had they heard him ? felt his spinning around the room ? the emotions were so intense , he hadn  t even realized he had done so . newline newline he watched them closely as they pulled the bottles from the cupboard . newline newline  oh yeah ! jackpot !  the boy had said , pulling out the bottles of whiskey and vodka that had been kept in the cupboard . newline newline they both made their way back to the couch and dusted it off . soon , and after some encouragement from the boy , the pair began drinking . they began laughing up a storm and enjoying the privacy of a cabin in the woods . newline newline tanner watched indifferently . the memory had faded . it was his booze , but he didn  t care , he had no use for it anymore . soon the pair began to do what teenagers always do when they  re alone and alcohol is involved . tanner wasn  t interested in watching , and he began to turn away , when the boy suddenly stood up and took the girl by the hand . newline newline  ccome on rachel , let  s see if there is any more interesting we can  drink  at.  newline newline the girl giggled and resisted for a moment before letting herself be dragged up . they stumbled down the hallway and towards the bedroom . newline newline the bedroom ! why hadn  t tanner thought of it before ? if they were to explore the bedroom , he could finally get in ! after years and years of staring at the door , he was finally going to see inside ! he followed closely at their heels . they stopped in the hall to make out against the wall for a few minutes . tanner waited impatiently , tapping his foot against the floor . eventually they continued their journey . newline newline finally they came upon the door , and without celebration , without any build up , the boy turned the knob and pushed into the room . newline newline hey steve !  newline newline  yeah ?  newline newline  cmere ... i think ... i think i want you to try something .  newline newline newline steve , my roommate , was a slob . empty tubes of ezpastee and boxes of krunchit ! seemed to follow him around like a crowd of imprinted ducklings . newline newline ever since i was young , i hated the stuff . i remember licking the wallpaper of my nan s bathroom wondering why something so bright and colorful could be just as boring to taste as breakfast . newline newline you see , i thought it all started with ezpastee . tubes of the stuff , in different colors and styles . one kind for breakfast . one kind for dessert . one kind for midnight snacks . each one was its own special hue of technicolor , in some sort of morbid attempt to brighten up our dreary days . newline newline i yanked off my grey pullover and used a sleeve to mop my brow . i was sweating everywhere , both from the effort , and from the shock . i heard steve pad in from the living room , some reality trashvert about pregnant transexuals with learning disabilities blaring behind him . he was wearing a matching version of my same governmentissued leisure outfit , with a few additions of some foodstains the laundromatic could nt seem to remove . newline newline he surveyed my workspace . the soft greys of the cabinets , the hydration station , and the food storagebox all happened to have somehow been smeared with equal parts of most of our food allotment for the month . the effect of the colorsongrey almost hurt the eyes . newline newline  what ... what the smeg are you doing ?  newline newline i smiled broadly as i flourished my hands towards the only clean plate on the eating table . newline newline  what is that ?  he stared , eyes agog , at my masterpiece . the pinnacle of my efforts . my life , given meaning . newline newline  it s dinner . it s something i made . i want you to try some .  newline newline he stared at the plate , confused . newline newline i sorted , scavenged , and traded with my friends at the workamp . i tested dozens upon dozens of all the various types and flavors of every foodstuff i could find . festival kraklsnaps . breakfast dusteez . sunday bruncheon flipwiffz . i was a man possesed . newline newline each one ? the same . grind it up , dry it out  if wet  , and you ended up with a powder that although looked a different color from the others , but when blindfolded ? nobody could tell them apart . all was ezpastee . ezpastee was all . newline newline they thought i was crazy . i probably was . best not let the docs at workamp find out . newline newline  okay ... i get it . it s food . but ... what s ... what s wrong with it ?  he sounded incredulous . possibly frightened . i hoped not frightened . newline newline newline  well , it s simple , you see . i figured it out . i figured out what s missing .  newline newline he absentmindedly plucked a halfeaten bag of nibznbitz from his pocket , upending it into his mouth , and then tossing the empty bag behind him , his eyes never leaving my dish . i frowned , but continued . newline newline  this ? this is the future . this is exactly what i ve been talking about .  newline newline he walked towards the table , and leaned down towards my creation . he sniffed . newline newline  it smells ... weird . like ... real weird .  newline newline  i know , right ? that s part of the amazingness of it all .  i found myself giddy with excitement .  this is something different . this is something new . i ve looked up things on the infonet . nobody has ever thought of or heard of such a thing . i m some sort of scientist ... inventor !  newline newline i stared at him as he stared at the food . i found that by simply adding a few household items here and there , i could change the consistency of the powder . adding water or drying it changed the texture . doing both ? the sky was the limit . plus , of course , a special addition i found one day walking home from the workamp when i was late and missed the hovershuttle . ah yes , my muse , so to speak . newline newline newline he sniffed it again , less politely .  what s wrong with it ?  newline newline i glared .  nothing is wrong with it . everything is right with it .  newline newline he sat , sliding the dish towards himself . newline newline  i think it s wrong . i think it s poison . is it poison ? is this because of the mess ? i told you i d clean it up after my show ...  he trailed off , and suddenly clapped his hands to his mouth . newline newline my smile returned , brighter and bigger than before . this is when i knew it worked . newline newline  ert erz purzurhn ! ! !  newline newline i cocked an eyebrow . newline newline he got the point and loosened the grip on his mouth . newline newline  i said , it is poison ! my mouth is getting all ... wrong !  newline newline i nodded profusely . newline newline  what did you do to me ?  newline newline i shook my head .  i did nt do anything . it did it . the food did . is your mouth all full of slobber now ?  newline newline he nodded , eyes looking slightly horrified . newline newline  perfect ! perfect !  i rubbed my hands together with glee .  now to see if step two occurs !  newline newline  stehp terr ?  he readjusted his hands again .  step two ? what is step two ?  newline newline and as if on cue , despite both of us having had our full ration at darktime  and him ? then some , the gluttonous slob !  , a noise was heard . as if someone fell into a threemeter deep vat of ezpastee . newline newline his eyes nearly blew out of their sockets as he clutched his stomach .  what is going on ?  he yelped . newline newline i leaned in close .  you , my poor slobby roommate ? you sir , are hungry . hungry for this .  and slid the plate closer . newline newline i learned much from the infonet , and my own experimentation . whatever it truly was they made food out of , i had no clue . but what i did know is that with those right additions , it was infinitely malleable . aerate it and dry it ? crunchy and light . leave it in a mold and dry it ? crunchy and dense . add water to the powder , and it became pasty , gooey , or runny , or even the same kind of liquid in the suksnak packages for when you were away from a hydration station and needed to quench your thirst . emergency candles helped me warm and harden my experiments quickly , imparting its own strange flavor and mouthfeel . adding just a bit of water , aerating , and putting that into a mold ? gave me a strange sort of textured light slab that seemed to go well with my extra ingredients . once i figured it all out , it was all a matter of getting everythign down to the right consistencies in the right shapes and using the flames of the candles to do the hard part . newline newline and the best thing ? no the worst thing ? newline newline my extra ingredients did nt come from a tube , or a box , or a bag . i just found them ! newline newline i watched him as he almost visibly weighed his options . newline newline  so ,  i began ,  would you like to try ?  newline newline he looked at the dish , the food on it , at me , and back again . newline newline i stood there a while . eventually , he came to a decision , and nodded slowly . newline newline he picked up my experiment , something i decided to call on the spot a handheld  . it made sense at the time . i quickly showed him how to pick it up , and hold it in his hands , and how to convey it to his mouth . i reflected back to the scene i came across on that fateful day last week as i showed him how it worked . the darker mudcolored slabs worked well to keep ones fingers clean . some seeds i had scavenged from a plant added some sort of strange yet delightful mouth feeling to them . their aeration also acted as a sponge of sorts , which was useful , as i had coated the center with a concoction consisting of most of the rest of the plant . individually , they caused the mouth to nearly sing with delight , but together ? oh they were simply joyous !  newline newline  what ... what do i do ? like ... like this ?  he made a horrible attempt at first , almost ruining my design . the mouth is horizontal ! the food must be held as such ! you do nt need a squeeze tube or a cellopak to eat this ! eat it like a real human , with your hands and mouth ! newline newline  no no , just like this .  i pantomimed the motion , hoping he would nt spill it , or worse , try to eat each individual bit of this stack separately . why ... why ... that would destroy the point ! newline newline he figured out eventually what i meant and was poised to devour the foodstack ... no , my handheld . they might think i was crazy , what with the mixing of outside elements into the food . i know , i know ... i hear all the stories about the phages and the rads and the microbes , but the proof is right there ! it works , and it is amazing ! newline newline he paused .  are you sure it s not poison ?  newline newline  promise . already had three in the last few days getting the proportions down right . still having bms like normal , and i feel healthy as ever !  newline newline that seemed to allay all his fears and suspicions . a bit of confusion flittered across his face as he grew accustomed to eating it , but i could tell from his first full bite , and then the chewing afterward that he was in his own private ecstasy . newline newline  ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhrrrrrrrrrmmmmmmmmmm  newline newline i gasped .  oh drells ... are you okay , steve ?  newline newline his eyes stayed closed as he chewed slowly , continuing to make the noise . newline newline  steve ? ? ?  newline newline his eyes slowly opened .  this ... this is so , so , so very smegging good .  newline newline i could nt help but clap my hands in happiness . he devoured the rest of the handheld , and to my dismay , was licking the remnants off his filthy fingers . newline newline  more . i need more , man . we need more .  newline newline i stopped . this was the moment of truth . the point where men were separated from the sheep . newline newline  i ll need your help for that , steve .  newline newline  okay , just tell me what was in it ? i ve never tasted anything like that before in my entire life . you ... you could be rich , like ultraluxe rich !  newline newline i nodded , and knew it was time . everything was falling into place . i picked up a small bag and removed the contents and placed them on the table . newline newline his eyes glanced at each item in turn . items i stole from or created and smuggled out of the workamp . hammer . chisel . saw . two extremely large knives . newline newline  what you ate ? lucy , from block 38 . she committed suicide right in front of me . could nt stop it . but , she s gone now , and what i was able to take from her you ate the last of . now , do you want to help me get more , or do you want that to be the last time your mouth will ever be happy for the rest of your smegging life ?  newline newline he looked pained . frightened . awed . shaken . he stared at me , at the clean parts of his recently licked hands , the plate , and then me again . newline newline his looked turned to hunger , and he nodded . i smiled in turn , packed the tools up , shook his hand , and began to explain my plan . newline newlinemy dearest marie , newline newline i hope you and karl are well . it is hard to find time to write you both when we are on the move , but today we settled in new trenches . men all around me write furiously . we have waited long for this opportunity , i think , when we can all remember what we fight for after many dark days . newline newline we have all made many sacrifices . i count myself among the fortunate so far , to have made it so long . so many new , young faces now , faces i do not recognize . i wonder how an old man like has traveled where others my age have not . has karl kept me in his prayers at night ? perhaps he is to blame then , for my constant and inexplicable safety . you must thank him for me . newline newline karl is brave . a big man . if i die , i trust him to continue strength of house . to both of you i send much love , for you are full of wonder . hard things happen here , and when they happen it is people like you who see us all through . give us hope where none should be . newline newline hope , i am thinking , is stronger feeling then sorrow . newline newline i love you , newline newline emil newline newlinethe air was cold , the sky was dark . i can hear my own footsteps increasing in frequency . a deep breath escapes my mouth , instantly turning to fog in the autumn air . i dare not to look back , i know he is there . but why ? ever since i saw him in that bar , it seems that he has decided that i was going to be his target . i tensed up at the thought . i have tried to talk to him , screamed at him , threatened him , but he never responds , not even so much as flinches . slowly but surely , i turn my head . he is there , as i expected . his sunglasses obscuring his emotions , his mouth unmoving as if they were sealed shut , his jacket , without a single wrinkle or crease , and his skin ... pale as the winter snow . his movements were limited to the back and fourth motion of his legs , the rest of his body ... motionless . newline newline after what seemed like eons , i finally arrive at my house . i breath a deep sigh of relief as i saw that the living room light was on , indicating that my room mate was home . i walked toward the house , and he stopped just beyond my yard . as i cautiously unlocked the door , i turned my head one last time to look at him , he s there , waiting motionless . newline newline as i walk in , i call for my room mate :  cordelia , there is someone following me , we need to call the police !  newline newline a worried look spreads across her face , as she tiptoes to the door . i look from behind her , he had not moved from where he stood . newline newline  i ... i do nt see anyone .  my room mate said , bewildered . you , you want me to what ?  i stuttered , certain that i probably looked like my eyes were about to bulge out of my head from disbelief as i stared at the man across from me . newline newline newline  i just need you to be my guard , it  ll only be for a little while . you won  t have to worry about your food , armor or weapons , i  ll provide you with everything . i  ll pay you well , money won  t be an issue , i  m good for it.  newline newline newline obviously it wouldn  t be , the man was hayden the hero of hammerfell . a gladiator that had risen among the many due to his cunning and strength . he  d made his fortune in the arena and was victorious on any battlefield he was pointed towards . the muscles on his forearms were larger than my head and there didn  t seem to be an inch of his body that didn  t represent the pinnacle of physical perfection . if he wakes up looking this perfect , i  m going to be sick ...  newline newline newline he couldn  t be seriously asking me , a local barmaid to be his bodyguard . newline newline newline  but i  m not a fighter . i  m not built like ... well..  i gestured to him , trying to make it as apparent as i could without outright stating the differences between us . newline newline newline he paused and looked at me with some odd form of puzzlement in his eyes . newline newline newline  oh.  he seemed to shift from acting unsettled to simply uncomfortable . newline newline  it doesn  t matter that you  re not..erm..like me . people will make assumptions , you just have to look the part . they  ll fill out the rest with their imagination and fuel it with rumours . they  ll more than likely assume that you  re an assassin.  newline newline newline  so ... why not just hire an assassin ?  newline newline newline  and risk them killing me ? at least i know you wont.  newline newline newline  you mean ca nt ...  i corrected him .  but if someone attacks , i  ll be useless.  newline newline newline  you  ll be enough of a distraction that i  ll be able to get the upper hand , just try not to get hurt.  newline newline newline  ah , i see . should i shout taunts while i  m at it ? bang some pots and pans and hope i get their attention ?  i couldn  t keep the bitterness out of my tone at the thought of being no better than bait . newline newline newline  don  t take it that way ...  for a moment he looked like he was honestly concerned that he d hurt my feelings . newline newline  you could hire anyone to do this . why me ?  newline newline  you could use the money and i just need a little bit of time to find who  s trying to have me killed . besides , i  m not going to lie , you bake a pretty great pie.  newlinei can hear the music from the parking lot . smokers are outside chit chatting and taking their drags . the walk to the door is long , even if it s no more than 20 feet . i timidly wave and they head nod back . some pat my shoulder or hug me as i go in . newline newline today has been long . from the caterers to the band something had to go  wrong  with each of them . i want to be in bed . the scent of sleep around my head but no . i had to be invited to this party . i had to organize this party .  one last time ,  he said .  it ll be fun ,  he said . he forgot to mention i would be doing most of the work . newline newline the faux candle lights hurt my eyes . he designed it , i executed it . it s loud and garish and some have let loose . i ca nt let loose . my little black dress , flecked with gold ,  his favorite  hugs my curves as i walk through the ballroom to the bar . i am greeted along the way . people thank me and tell me how beautiful and exceptional everything is . not everyone is dancing , even though it s a party . but everyone is brought together and that was the goal . newline newline i make my order and thank the gods for open bar . i look to my right and survey the room again . i look to my left and i see him . he s smiling , his eyes shining , and his suit is impeccable . i remember when the photo was taken . he thought he looked cheesy i told him he was handsome . it takes all i have not to gulp the drink down and smash my glass against it . newline newline and before i lose it , i hear the strains of music come on over the speakers . the dj calls out my name and tells me it s from you . i take a step and my friends are with me , supporting me , and embracing me because they know i may crumble . newline newline i laid you to rest today and you want me to celebrate my life . well , i have no life without you ! but , thank you inviting me to the party .it started out as a joke . later people blamed apathy , the lowering of the voting age , and the corruption scandal . schools and scholars would debate the real cause . but it started out because some people thought it would be funny . newline newline after ed miliband and the labour party won the narrowest election in modern history , parliament for the first time in living memory had not two , not three or four or five , but six large parties all vying for control . labour was forced into a shaky alliance with the greens , the snp and the lib dems , while the conservatives lost many top mps to the ukip . newline newline gridlock dominated parliament . absolutely nothing got done , as labour was often at loggerheads with its allies  . the tories , who would have capitalised in an instant , were instead focused on turning up their antiimmigrant bashing to appease their ukip supporters . about the only law that was passed was lowering the voting age to 16 , as all the parties thought it would nab them more votes . newline newline perhaps inevitably , it was russell brand who started the ball rolling . on his popular youtube show the trews , he blasted the nation s politicians after the year long investigation into alleged child abuse scandals covered up by previous governments yielded absolutely nothing . in a broadside that recorded 98 million views on its first day , he ranted on about the utter failure of the political class to serve the people , the complete detachment of the politicians from society . newline newline  what s it all fucking for , when you get down to it ?  asks russell . he sits on his sofa , bottle of vodka in one hand , not looking at the camera but staring off into space .  the wheels keep spinning but nothing ever changes . things just get worse and fucking worse . i keep saying do nt vote and you stupid wankers went ahead and did it any way and look at what you done . all those families , who will never receive justice . fuck you all up the wrong un . i m away to watch the simpsons .  newline newline the first time someone wrote homer simpson  on the ballot , it made the bbc headlines . there was a byelection somewhere , and no one really cared . some wag in a university crossed out all the other candidates and wrote in homer simpson , and got his friends to do the same . their votes were disqualified , but what eventually caught the media s attention was that the final vote count was 220 to 193 . out of a district of 25 000 . newline newline it caught on like wildfire . people began writing in homer simpson  on their ballots , no matter who the candidate was . while the officials disqualified all their votes , mps were being elected on humiliatingly small numbers of votes . it all came to a head when a ukip firebrand was elected to parliament with a total vote of just 36 votes . people were calling it a constitutional crisis . something had to be done . newline newline a new party was formed . with the full support of fox  who welcomed the free advertising  and the simpsons writers  who had never been more relevant in decades  , the homer simpson party was formed . made up of youths and the disenfranchised middle class , the party swelled its ranks , with homer simpson as its nominal supreme master . of course , homer  took direction from the party council of democratically elected representatives . newline newline when the next general election rolled around , it was no surprise when the simpson party won in a landslide . the palace agreed to perform the traditional ceremony in animation . and that was how her majesty the queen asked homer simpson to form a government as the prime minister of the united kingdom . how much did it cost you ?  newline newline max dropped his tattered backpack on to the steps . megan picked at one of the fraying edges . he d had that bag since their first year here , and now it was coming apart , just like she was . newline newline  twentytwo ,  she said . newline newline  thank fuck for that ,  max said , unsuccessfully trying to balance himself on the railings . newline newline  how can you say that ?  megan said , eyes shimmering as she fought back tears .  i m ruined !  newline newline  makes my ninetythree seem better .  newline newline  oh max , i m so sorry , i did nt realise .  newline newline he slipped and nearly broke his tail bone . what was another few thousand credits on fixing his ass when he d spent nearly a hundred on his head . megan found his invoice amongst the junk in his bag , running over the line items . newline newline six years of education . use of facilities . meals . tablets . they d even billed him for that time he blocked up the loos in year two . his total was 117 thousand credits , less 20  for lowincome compassion . it might as well have been a million . newline newline megan hid the slip , but max had already seen . he plopped onto the steps beside her , staring at the school across the fields . most people started their lives with a debt , but he d probably finish his still paying it off . megan leant against his shoulder . newline newline  22,499 credits . nice ,  max said , reading her own invoice . newline newline  what ? how did you ?  newline newline he held the paper in front of her , shrugging awkwardly with her face still pressed against one shoulder . never one to pass up an opportunity he had returned the favour . newline newline  wow , you did good .  newline newline  not good enough .  newline newline  eighteen as and nothing below a b . no wonder they gave you such a big discount .  newline newline  if i work at an axis subsidiary .  newline newline  that does nt rule out much . at least you re not joining the corps .  newline newline  oh max , no , you ca nt . the interest repayments alone are ...  newline newline  better than working in the poorhouse .  newline newline megan leant in closer , hugging max tightly . they were inseparable . like brother and sister , from the moment max had protected megan from bullies and she in turn had helped him learn calculus . and now they would end up worlds apart . newline newline  max , i ...  newline newline  hey , have you guys heard ?  newline newline if max was her brother , james would have been his annoying younger sibling . he had a perpetual knack for arriving at the most inopportune times . newline newline  what is it jim ?  max said , extricating himself from megan . newline newline  we all got a refund .  newline newline megan stifled a giggle and max punched her playfully in the arm . james was nt the brightest , so max sometimes had to protect him . that s why he was joining the marines , to look after people . given his test results , it was the only thing he was capable of . newline newline  that s not how it works james ,  megan said .  we get a discount , depending on how well we did . you still have to pay .  newline newline  no , really ,  james said , pulling out his own invoice . in big red letters , void was stamped in the top corner . megan pulled it out of his hands , as if she could check the authenticity with her own eyeballs . newline newline  and ...  newline newline james brandished a chit card , the official currency of the axis educational facilities and associated companies . he thumbed the readout and beamed . newline newline  no way ,  max said . now it was his turn to grab something .  a quarter mil . they gave you a quarter mil ?  newline newline  nope . they ve given everyone 250,000 . estimated cost of reeducation along with loss of earnings for time spent .  newline newline  i do nt get it ,  megan said . newline newline james squeezed himself before max and megan , kicking max s bag to the step below . he flung arms around both of them , waving at the school . newline newline  this whole place , the staff , the programs . all unaccredited .  newline newline  but ...  newline newline  how ...  newline newline  the district report came in and found out axis had forgotten to renew their licence ten years ago . they could either cough up the fines for the decade or pay every student reparations .  newline newline  so i do nt owe ninetythree thousand credits ?  newline newline  bro ,  james said , flicking his chit in between his fingers ,  we re gon na do just fine .  master ?  , teenager asked , while tidying up the desk after practice .  may i ask you something ?  newline newline  yes  , old man replied .  we will overlook that accident involving those sentient noodles . i thought we already told you .  newline newline teenager smiled .  that s not exactly but i had on my mind , but it s still good to hear . what i wanted to ask is , if there are demonsummoning rituals , why are there no rituals that summon angels ?  newline newline  truthfully , theodorus , i m kind of surprised . and disappointed . i thought you d ask something like that sooner .  newline newline  well , i ve been wondering that for a while now , sir , if that makes you feel better .  newline newline master waved it off .  it matters not , i guess .  he reached for a book on a shelf and put it onto the table , opening it on a certain chapter . theodorus managed to read the book s title just in time . it was en la militoj en mito kaj historio .  i assume you heard about the red drow s war ?  newline newline  yes  , theodorus replied .  it s a mythical war that was triggered when irio le liricus , the titular red drow , tried to use heavenly help to help get rid of wild gesethar that were plaguing his community s undergardens for several months .  newline newline  that is correct  , his master replied , nodding .  you asked why are there no angelsummoning rituals . such rituals do exist , it s just that they do nt function anymore . it was a part of the peace treaty , you see . angels felt like they were spending too much of their time and effort in mortal realms and decided to do something about it . in the peace treaty agreement , they included a clause that dictated the addition of extra word into the pillars of the world , word that would prevent the magic that s used to summon angels specifically from functioning properly .  newline newline  wait a moment . the rituals no longer work because ... the angels do nt want to be bothered anymore ?  newline newline  i would nt exactly put it that way , but yes . of course , the angels can still come into our world if they want so , and they most certainly do , considering we still cohort with demons and all that other stuff . still need to occasionally check on those pesky intelligent races from time to time , right ?  newline newline  hm , yes . i think i see . thank you for your time , master  , theodorus bowed before leaving the room .  i ll be seeing you tommorrow , the regular time . have a nice evening , sir .  newline newline  you too , youngling . do nt forget it s your turn to take on cleaning those noodles from the kitchen floor , after irena .  newline newline  of course not , sir . goodbye , sir .  so tell me jack , what would you say is the worst fate imaginable ?  newline newline he considered the question . there were plenty of awful fates , getting skinned alive , having your organs removed , getting buried underground . newline newline  is this within the realm of feasible possibility ? are we allowed to make people immor ... .um sorry , i just lost my train of thought there . i m feeling kind of distracted right now .  newline newline he felt like there was something he was forgetting . something important . newline newline  that s perfectly alright . in answer to your question you can make them immortal but it would nt matter , the answer s the same regardless .  newline newline he considered that . newline newline  i m gon na say death then .  newline newline  interesting . why ?  newline newline  well when you re dead , there s no consciousness . whatever life you lived , however you died , it does nt matter . it s a concept that s impossible for living minds to fathom , so we do nt think about it .  newline newline  you re on the right track . however it could be argued that life has some inherent value , even if it does nt if it s gone . as it happens i know a worse fate . let me ask you something . do you know where you are right now ?  newline newline  what do you mean .  newline newline  as in , where we are standing , having this conversation .  newline newline he did nt understand . newline newline  i do nt ... know .  newline newline  exactly  newline newline then it dawned on him . the thing that had been bothering him . and then he knew the answer . newline newline  we are nt real .  newline newline  indeed . the writer did nt give us a location  he thought it would be a better reveal that way .  newline newline jack might have been scared , but he was nt , because some part of him had known all along what this had been about . because that was how he d been designed . newline newline what had the prompt been again ?  scare the reader without scaring of harming the characters  ? nice loophole writer . i wonder if this will count ? newline newline i guess we ll let the browsers of writing prompts decide that for themselves . newline newlinei never had much luck at bars . even with beer goggles on , most men tend to be terrified by pitch black eyes . i m a pretty gal , and smart to boot , but my eyes are certainly off putting to most . no blue eyed beaus ever tried to mesmerize me with flashy pyrokinetic tricks . no brown eyed bros ever try to stun me with psionic skills like levitation or constructs . no green eyes try to impress me with their incredible durability or obscene strength . but its not like it ever bothered me . newline newline never in recorded history has there been a person with black eyes . all other colors are well known and researched . all of the variations of all of the known colors have been throughly documented , but to everyone i remain a mystery . it s benefitted me well . ever since the korium radiation altered the dna of homo sapiens we ve become imbued with natural powers . newline newline the dreams of comic reading children is a reality now . conventional military structures have changed , geopolitics operate differently , but war never changes . thats where i come in . my job is to be a force divider . the famed green berets of old were famed for their covert training of native groups into friendly forces , hence their nickname of force multipliers . i however take enemy combatants and reduce that number without killing anyone , let alone shedding any blood . i am the one who is deployed to enemy territories and assigned groups to neutralize . once i get to where i need to be its as simple as activating my power . newline newline black , is defined as the absence of light or color . like my eyes , my power works similarly . i have an innate connection to the same korium radiation that provided alterations to humanity s dna . i have the ability to channel all surrounding korium radiation and use it to further alter the dna of surrounding people . anyone within a half mile radius is saturated with enough radiation to further alter any dna . my victims remain alive , but powerless , characterized by their clear eyes . newline newline i do nt mind not getting attention at the bars . i do nt mind that i m used by my government to gain strategic advances in war . at the end of the day i just get that much closer to living in a powerless world . soon enough i ll turn on my allies and give them the same treatment i give my enemies . then when there are no supers who can stand up to me , i ll reveal my real power and the world will never by the same . julio loved the radio star  newline newline he heard you on his wireless back in 52 newline stayin  awake intent on tuning in on you newline if he was young it did nt stop him lovin  you newline ohaoh newline newline he gave you credit for all of your symphonies newline repeated day by day  record technology newline and then he always knew the place where you would be newline newline ohaoh newline he sees your children newline ohaoh newline why did he need them ? newline newline julio loves the radio star newline julio loves the radio star newline newline outta town and in his car , newline we ca nt find them , they ve gone too far newline whoa ! newline ohaohohohoh newline ohaohohohoh newline newline then he phones you from an abandoned studio newline they sound so sad now  their smiles so long ago newline and you remember their giggles used to go , newline newline hahaha newline they were nt his first ones newline hahaha newline they were nt his last ones newline newline julio loved the radio star newline julio loved the radio star newline newline what s in his mind ? who s in his car ? newline it s who you love , i m sorry star newline  too far !  newline newline ohaohohohoh newline ohaohohohoh newline newline alright newline newline julio loved the radio star newline julio loved the radio star newline we ve caught him , he s in my car , newline we ca nt rewind , he s gone too far newline newline pictures took that broke your heart , newline publicity has left you scarred newline newline you poor ... radio star  2x  newline newline julio loved the radio star  7x  newline newline julio loved that radio star , yes , he did .something i wrote a while back . not sure how well it fits the prompt but we ll see newline newline i didn  t mean to do it . i really didn  t . it isn  t my fault . i mean , come on , how was i supposed to know the stupid building would blow up ? it was supposed to be a joke , that  s it a joke ! newline and it  s not like it was even a mean joke . i disable electronics , sneak in , take the boss  favorite pen , and get out . i meant no harm . i had no idea that the emp even had a setting for  explode  , so how would i intentionally set it off ? newline honestly , some people overreact . you know , this probably could have been avoided if they would have just given me my promotion . i mean , here i am , the most intelligent , most handsome guy at the agency and they give the promotion to that parker kidthat isn  t my fault either . and yeah i was mad but i wasn  t going to go blow up the entire place . i mean , i kinda work there , so wouldn  t me blowing it up suck for me too ? seriously people , think for a sec . newline and now here i am , on the run . wanted for blowing up my own job by accident . well i mean yeah i  ve done some other stuff since then , but they were mostly accidents too newline ok , i will admit , the train was not an accident . i didn  t hurt anybody , i just took some money to feed my poor starving self since my job blew up , and then everybody started accusing me of being some mass murderer . i didn  t kill anyone ! i just took money . no one got hurt . why can  t anybody see that ? newline now here i am , curled up in some random cave that nobody cares about , wondering if i  ll ever eat again . these idiots keep tracking me , putting some cash up for my capture  or death but that  s a bit morbid for my tastes  when i didn  t even do anything . if they should be hunting anyone , it should be parker . that kid really makes me was to punch something . that  s why punching that cop a couple weeks back wasn  t my fault . it was that idiot parker . newline you know how much they are offering for my capture ? twenty thousand dollars . twenty . thousand . dollars . if i turned myself in , i could eat for a year or more ! but then they  d lock me up , or worse , and that just wouldn  t be fair since i did nothing ! newline you know , i sure did have a lot going for me . i was smart , my parents were rich , i was well smart . i was raised in the best academies , the best colleges , the best everything . i was also top in my class . well , except for that parker kid . that parker kid was the one person who ever beat me and he beat me in everything ! newline if you look at all my school transcripts from the sixteen or so years i went to various top notch schools , you will see that i am number two while parker is number one everywhere ! every time i  d leave a school , he  d follow me ! he was always there , like a shadow , never leaving my side and always pointing out my failures . newline but here is the real kicker . it wasn  t just academics . he didn  t only beat me in math , science and literature . he won in everything . i get a friend ? meet parker , the super genius with charisma . i start dating someone ? oh hey , another really smart guy who is inherently better . i lost everything to him . and he just went about his day , acting like he was actually doing me a service by pointing out my errors  which were extremely rare and would have been nonexistent if it wasn  t for him  newline but alas , i put it behind me . i decided that i would get past my awful childhood and make the best out of my future . i am a genius after all . so i apply at one of the top agencies in the world , and i get the job . just to learn that hey look , it  s parker ! we are both at the same agency . i tell myself to be professional , that we are not kids anymore . and it works . we both climb the ranks of society and become quite respectable . the smartest guy in the nation and his number two . newline and then , the greatest promotion of all comes along . the real kicker about this one is that i am more qualified than he . it is one of those rare chances i get to shine brighter than my childhood foe . so i start putting in more work , overtime galore , while he sits around doing absolutely nothing . as i count down the days to the promotion , excited for my new career that will be the reward for my lifetime of patience , i do more and more for my boss . and then the day of fate comes . newline i figured i  d show them why i was more qualified than that other moron they had picked for the job . emp their stuff , sneak in , take pen , sneak out , come back next day with pen . it was a genius idea . it would have worked . if only the stupid emp hadn  t blown up , i might be back where i should be . on the top . but now here i am , in a cave in who knows where , waiting for the posse , and i can  t do a dang thing . never mind the fact that i robbed a couple things , maybe accidentally hurt a couple people . they were all accident . newline oh , and another bit of irony . the guy they put in charge of catching me ? parker . yup , that  s right . he is leading the posse hunting me . that  s why i never turned myself in . it has turned into a bit of a game . how long can i elude capture . i will finally show parker that i am better than he . after all these years of the grades and people going to him over me , its my turn . i  ve shown him that he can  t catch me , now i  ll show him that he can  t beat me . newline he didn  t corner me in this cave . no . i got here . i told him . i laid down the rules . i bet him that i could get here before he could catch me . i was right . i won . now to beat him once and for all . if he can find me . he sure is taking a while . newline i hear footsteps . i peek over a rock , and behold , there he is . my greatest enemy , on the horizon . he has men with him , but he leaves them behind . he is coming . he is approaching my cave . he is ready to fight . so am i . newline i guess this ends my story . if i lose , which i won  t , i obviously can  t continue . when i win , i will never mention his name again . i will be back on top . all those accidents will be excused and i will resume the life i should have had . newline newline newline edit : formattingthe corrs had come to the solar system as invaders . they established colonies on the moons , planets , and asteroids , grabbing the whole solar system , and negotiating for more and more land on earth in exchange for some minor technological boosts , until starting to feel confident enough to play hard ball with humanity . newline newline unlike humans , the corrs were singlecellular , much smaller , and had a much smaller life span  enabling a group of a few hundred stellar travelers to multiply into the billions within a few decades . newline newline humanity fought back , managed to gain a lot of technology from the aliens in the process , and reconquered the whole system after a few more decades of intense fighting . newline newline the fight had alerted other alien species , some of whom were enemies of the corrs , and helped humanity with weapons and technology . those , too , were all singlecelled , mostly smallish , and fastlived . newline newline when the war was won , a select group of humans were chosen to attend a university of their new alliance . it had members of most known intelligent species  and taught about some more , probably all that existed in the universe . and all except humanity were singlecelled , and fastlived . newline newline the humans found themselves to be center of attention by their peers , and even the profs . they willingly gave blood samples , which were grown into small embryos , and then abandoned after a few human weeks or months , because the profs starting the project eventually retired . newline newline the humans were quite proud of their longevity and the special status of their cell structure . but they found out that the general consensus was to find it disadvantageous . the other species found it more practical to quickly be able to exploit resources and energy , to not have to deal with parasites hiding between cells , and so on . humans were no more than a curiosity , considered slow in thinking and acting , but good at using long term experience to deal with much faster opponents . newline newline one day , one of the human students asked one of their alien peers why they would nt try to increase their life expectancy . the alien was at first dumbfounded by the question , then told the humans that they had actually increased their life spans quite a bit , especially in earlier times of their technological  waking up  as a species , but then gone for what they perceived to be the optimum between collecting experience and starting a new generation with improved capabilities . also , considering that they were much faster , they actually collected as much knowledge in a year , as humans did in 100 years . they shook their heads at our attempts to prolong our lives , when , in their opinion , we should concentrate on making our bodies  and minds  work faster , as this was a much more urgent problem , according to them . newline newlinethe flickering flourecent light painted the porcelain tile in a muted green hue . he let out a ragged breath as he reached for the sink and turned on the faucet . the water sputtered before giving way , alternating between brown and clear . turning his face up from the sink he glared into the cracked mirror in front of him . the blood had nt even dried yet , beads running down his face like crimson rain . newline newline how did you let them find you again , he thought to himself . he had been so careful this time , only using cash , moving from one small town to the next . he d given up on trying to get lost in cities , even in places that big it seemed impossible to make himself small . newline newline a groan from the other room brought him back to the present . he splashed the water on his face and ran it through is hair . turning the faucet off he made his way back to the bedroom of his motel room . there are the ground lay the source of the tortured sounds . the man was dressed in a nondescript way , just jeans and tshirt and a jacket . all of which it seemed had nt seen the inside of a wash machine for a good while . it was hard to remember what he had once looked like , the left side of his face caved in , his nose flattened and broken . most disconcerting was his jaw , obviously broken gave the impression of a snake s unhinged maw ready to devour its prey . newline newline the dying man tried to form some intelligible words that only resulted in mewling and a coughing fit that caused more blood to flow from his lips . his assailant reached down to quiet him . newline newline  there is no need to speak , we both know why you came here but only god knows how you expected it to play out in any way other than this .  newline newline the man on the ground managed to give him a hard look through his one blood shot eye . newline newline  the shape you re in you wo nt make for a good messenger . but perhaps you can be a message of sorts ...  newline newline the victims eye went wide as he saw his attacker s hand move to the nightstand where it withdrew a tactical knife , matte black but gleaming nonetheless .in the time since the joining , human progress has been growing at unprecedented rates . the galactic republic was eons ahead of our race interms of science and technology . they offered us a chance to be lifted , to enter into galactic society . newline the price ? to abandon our music , our culture and in many ways to abandon our very souls . we never realized the consequences , we never knew what we as humans would face in this new universe that has opened its doors wide . newline newline they helped us expand , they helped us survive our initial days . they were our guides , our teachers , our protectors , our saviors . newline newline they then proceeded to enforced their own rule , for our safety . newline food , lodging , employment , entertainment , everything was under their control . nothing would pass without their sanction , the human race was peacefully enslaved . newline riot guards and drones with the ability to mute or silence vast areas were a standard means of policing us humans . compliance with the rules was non negotiable and the breaking of the rules was dealt with most mercilessly without exception . newline newline the lies knew no end . newline newline they curtailed our freedom , our imagination , our humanity and they expected us to sit quietly and take it . newline newline but they were afraid , afraid of humans . they were afraid of our music . newline newline 50 years of oppression , 50 years of silence . the great taming of the human race was thought to have been accomplished , or so they thought . they never did know what it is to be human . newline newline that night was deathly silent and not a soul stirred in horizon prime . newline that night a single figure shrouded in darkness escapes the notice of the guards . they are lax in their duty pathetic vermin the lot . newline that night the figure scaled the outer wall of the administrative wing and found his way to the control room . he found his way without the slightest hitch . newline newline click newline newline the pa system crackles to life . newline newline the sound of beethoven s fifth resonates through the settlement . newline it is a cry for freedom . newline newline the monsters that would govern us , were stunned unable to understand , unable to think , they were vulnerable like a new born babe . newline the music changed to death metal of yesteryear , a near forgotten genre . newline it wiped their minds leaving an empty shell . it left them soulless . newline humanity had won it s first victory . newline humanity was ready to step forth , with its music as the greatest weapon imaginable . only conquest remains . newline newline long live the human empire ! so i m sitting here listening to andrew talk about how awesome ashley barnes is for the thirteenth time . i keep staring at my food bowl hoping andrew gets the hint . the boy is dense i tell you . also a terrible specimen of humanity . one i would of rolled that tom boy by now and mounted ashley s shell . i get no turtle love in my glass box . finally andrew says  hey , buddy are you hungry ?  yes , you soft skinned shell less human , yes ! andrew leaves and produces some lettuce for my bowl . newline newline afterwards andrew taunts me again with my freedom . he attaches a cord to me and takes me outside . i of course know the game well . if i run he stops me and if i chew the cord he stops me . so i take a piss , one of the last things i have control over . the sad truth is i do nt know if i could make it in the wild . i was born in a glass box , i live in a glass box , and will die in a glass box . newline newline andrew keeps going on and on about a special surprise . last time he droned on like this i got a fake rock .  buddy you need to be real nice okay.  said andrew . i have nt attacked you in your sleep have i ? andrew reaches into a cardboard box and pulls out another turtle . her lines are exquisite and her shell healthy and robust .  buddy , meet ashley.  i cringe . really human that shit is weird .  ashley  is a bit frigid at first mostly because i hog the heat lamp . she finally came around . when we make turtle love i do it for me and andrew , because he is hopeless .... the lights turned on . newline newline  well at least something worked ,  james said , relieved . his wife , jenna , smiled sourly , and set the soaked travel bag onto the hardwood floor . the kitchen was spacious , filled with counters and cupboards , opening up near the back to a dining room and a series of windowpanes , against which branches lashed and whipped as the storm raged on outside . newline newline  can you get the rest of the stuff ? and check that nothing else broke with the car ?  she asked , reaching out a hand in preemptive apology . he looked at her for a moment , brushing his wet hair from his eyes , then took her hand and replied ,  of course . you start getting stuff out , ok ?  newline newline  yeah , as soon as i take this aspirin . storms always  newline newline  give you headaches . i know , honey .  james stroked her neck before making his way out . she looked at his departing figure , then after a moment took her backpack off and began rummaging for pills . kindles , wallets , some real estate papers , laminated  oh , the photos ! jenna happily took them out . his purple suit did go well with the blue dress : guess art school was good for something ! no , she should nt be mean , she would nt have bought this house on her own . carefully placing the photos on the ground , she resumed her search . newline newline as she gulped down the pills , holding her nose more out of habit than necessity , the door creaked open and james walked through .  decided to just get the paper towels and our necessities . we ll get the rest of the stuff tomorrow .  newline newline  thanks ! i ll be honest , i really did nt want to deal with this right now .  newline newline  yeah , same . you go ahead and go to bed , i ll clean up and catch up to you .  smiling , she wrapped her arms around james , gratefully kissing him . newline newline shift newline newline ... nothing happened . newline newline  oh come on !  the young irritably cried ,  and we do nt have any power ? ! really ?  newline newline rolling her eyes , jenna threw the soaked bag down , then yelled ,  fuck ! it fell onto the carpet !  scrambling desperately , she was unable to prevent water from seeping into the previously freshsmelling carpet . newline newline  come on , really ? do we have any paper towels ?  newline newline she thought for a moment , then replied ,  they re still in the car . could you ...  newline newline  get them ? no , you made the mess , you clean it up ! i ll try to figure out what the hell is wrong with these lights !  newline newline  but ... it s still pouring outside ...  newline newline  well that s your fault too ! if you thought to check the weather forecast , or at least buy an umbrella , then we would nt have this problem , but nooo , we have to move in right after we re married , it s so romaaantic , ooh what a great  newline newline  ok , ok , i m going ! why do you always take it out on me when you re mad ?  she walked toward the front door , ignoring james s demands to repeat the second mumbled sentence , but stumbled , swaying as if she were seasick . newline newline  oh , let me guess . your headache is making you nauseous so you have to lie down in bed and i get to do all the work , right ?  newline newline  no ! why do nt we do this tomorrow when it s hopefully sunny outside ?  newline newline  yeah , ok , great plan . let s just go to sleep in our wet clothes and take a shower without a soap and not brush our teeth and not clean up the mess that you ve made and you know what i ll get myself .  he strode forward angrily , snatching the keys out of her hand and slamming the door behind him . my pokemon are eating each other ,  the young male trainer says . newline newline  whwhat ?  i ask . newline newline  it started with raichu eating bulbasaur , when we ran out of food ,  the trainer on the other end explains .  where does pokemon food come from ?  newline newline  umm ,  i say ,  it s a soy product , of course .  newline newline long silence . newline newline then :  i do nt believe that ,  he says . newline newline  why would nt you ?  i ask .  it s what pokecorp says , is nt it ? it must be true .  newline newline  pokecorp uses children to enslave pokemon ,  the trainer says .  and we must do battle with one another , pitting boy against boy and even boys against girls , while harming what we love .  newline newline  they re not pets , young trainer ,  i try to tell him .  they re pokemon .  newline newline  exactly .  newline newline  say again ?  newline newline  they re gladiators ...  he says . newline newline  listen ,  i tell him .  i do nt even know your name .  newline newline  it does nt matter .  newline newline  then , where are you calling from ?  i ask . newline newline  i do nt know .  newline newline  is this a cell phone ?  i inquire . newline newline  there is no phone ,  he answers . newline newline  then how   newline newline  do you know that tower where dead pokemon spirits reside ?  he asks . newline newline  oh no ,  i breathe .  listen , do nt touch anyth   newline newline  i ca nt ,  the trainer says . he sounds so calm . newline newline  yes , you can ,  i tell him .  you obviously have a phone .  newline newline  i m dead .  newline newline now the long silence is mine . newline newline  this is a really bad prank ,  i tell the young trainer .  go to the local police station or find a nurse joy , and   newline newline  i m dead ,  he says .  they ca nt bring me back .  newline newline  i ...  i swallow .  did you die in the tower ? pokemon do nt hurt human beings .  newline newline  raichu did ,  he tells me .  when he got real hungry .  newline newline shoot ... newline newline  where is raichu now ?  i ask him . newline newline  he s dead , too ,  the trainer replies . newline newline  young man , did you ... ?  newline newline  he tried to kill me ,  the trainer explains .  so i killed him first . i strangled raichu with mom s rubber cleaning mitts . the ones she gave me , because i could nt afford real mittens .  newline newline another long silence on my part . newline newline then :  you re not pranking me , are you ?  newline newline  no ,  he replies . newline newline  please , young man , if there s   newline newline  will you catch me ?  he asks . newline newline  what ?  newline newline  will you come catch me with a pokeball ?  newline newline  you re not a pokemon ,  i tell him . newline newline  you can catch spirits of pokemon with pokeballs ,  he tells me .  you can come catch a human spirit , too . after all , i m no longer human .  newline newline  i do nt ...  newline newline  come catch me ... and bring me back to my mom ...  newline newline  i ...  i look around for my supervisor , but i m too afraid to ask .  are you in the tower now ?  newline newline  yes ,  he replies . newline newline  i m bringing an onyx .  newline newline  for raichu ?  he asks . newline newline  yes .  newline newline  that s smart ,  he tells me .  you d make a good trainer .  newline newline  just hang in there , all right ,  i tell him .  will you let me catch you , and not resist ?  newline newline  yes .  newline newline  then i ll bring the best pokeball i can find .  newline newline  thank you , miss .  newline newline  yeah , sure ...  i say , then hang up . newline newline i find pokeballs and my supervisor .  i ve got ta go ,  i tell him .  there s a trainer having a serious problem being ... he s having capture issues , and he s really sad and alone .  newline newline he looks down at my pokeballs .  you re going to help him catch ?  he asks . newline newline  ... yes .  newline newline he smiles then .  you re such a wonderful assistant , miss winters .  newline newline i swallow .  i ...  i shake my head .  i got ta go ! he needs me soon .  newline newline  go , then ,  my supervisor tells me .  and show that trainer a thing or two about capture .  newline newline  yeah ...  newline newline i set out with onyx in tow . i do nt know why i believe the trainer s story , but i just know , you know . newline newline the tower looms overhead , and inside is a dead trainer s spirit and a rabid raichu spirit that eats other pokemon . newline newline i m scared , but that trainer needs me !in a hole in the ground no really lived at all . it was a nasty , dirty , wet hole , filled with the ends of people worms  and an oozy smell . it was also a dry , bare and sandy hole if that was what you were in to : it was the hobbitshole , and that means comfort . what ever comfort you desired you could be satisfied in the hobbitshole . newline newline it had nice round door , painted red , with a shiny yellow knob right in the middle . the door opened to red staircase leading downward . at the end of the staircase a waiting room . an oppressive room , with smoke paneled walls , and shaggy brown carpets . provided with unpolished chairs , and not a single peg for hats and coats . the hobbit s hole was fond of visitors  but only after a few coins are exchanged . the tunnels inside the hobbit s hole wound on and on , going every which way , but almost never straight , underneath the hill  the hill as all the people for many miles round called it  and many little round doors opened within it . the proprietors of the hobbitshole made sure it was very difficult to find anything unless you know where it already was : bathrooms , offices , waiting areas , bedrooms  lots of these  , dressing rooms  they had whole rooms devoted to special clothes  , dungeons , and diningrooms , all very close yet very far for anyone who did not need to know where they were . the best rooms were found by following the lefthand side  going in  , then the right , then the left again . for these were the ones hardest to get to , and there for the hardest to find or get out of if things go awry . newline newline this establishment was very welltodo establishment , and it was a brothel . this brothel had been in the neighborhood of the hill for time out of mind , and people considered it very well established , and respectable , not only because of services render , but because such services never hid anything unexpected , you can tell the hobbitshole exactly what you wanted and you would receive , to the point the telling was almost unnecessary . newline this is a story about how the hobbitshole had an adventure , found itself doing , and spraying things altogether unexpected . it may have lost the neighborhoods respect , but it gained ... .well , you will see whether it gained anything that it will ever be able to get rid off .while playing pokemon red or yellow , save your game just before the battle against giovanni . after saving , shut down your gameboy or playing device and do not turn it on again for 15 years . rediscover the device in your parent s attic and pack it into your moving bag . after another year , power on the device , be surprised that the old dog still works , and resume your game . find that the your character has starved to death and that giovanni , now the leader of the largest military power in the world , has enslaved mankind . credits roll as you are left starring at the graves of each and every pokemon you have ever captured .they came in the spring of the year . landed their spaceship right on the white house lawn . people watched their televisions in horror and fascination as a giant green skinned woman emerged from the ship and waved at the assembled solders . they watched in confusion as the solders dropped their weapons and surrounded the busty creature in a massive group hug . a short time later the president appeared live from the oval office . he welcomed the new visitors and encouraged the world to welcome them as well . he had a hungry gleam in his eye and everyone at home could see he was sweating . newline newline within hours the ritual was replicated around the world . a ship lands in the capital . beautiful alien appears and is instantly welcomed by all who see her . newline newline those watching at home knew something was wrong . the alien was beautiful by any standard . everyone could see that . but the way they were instantly swooned over was just plain wrong . it set off your alarm bells . newline newline the war began within days . those leaders and generals who had avoided direct contact raised the call to arms , spreading their message on the internet . they warned that to be in proximity to an alien was to instantly fall madly in love with them . they thought it had something to do with pheromones and our brain  s internal chemicals . they informed the world that the aliens had already begun , with the cooperation of many world leaders , to ship the earth  s precious natural resources off planet . they encouraged every human who heard their message to form militias and take up arms . they told us to shoot on sight and not trust anyone . they asked us to fight and to pray . newline newline this is my journal . my neighbors and i have barricaded the neighborhood and are waiting , hunting rifles ready . newline newline our greatest strength has become our ultimate weakness . day by day the aliens spread their influence . moving ever closer to our position . newline newline i have hardened my heart . newline newline no matter what , i intend to shoot . newline newline edit : editingyou guys heard of somniarevita  tm  ? newline newline i know it s been in the papers alot lately . teenagers abusing it , mixing it with other less legal drugs and  waking up different people  . newline lies , of course , but it sells papers . newline newline somniarevita  tm  gives you 8 hours of continuous rem sleep but activating the parts of your brain that make things make sense and follow real life rules . basically gives you vivid dreams that seem to last a lifetime . but like all dreams you forget them after you wake up . newline newline used correctly you feel a sense of meaning but no clear memories , it changes peoples lives about as much as most peoples dreams do . there are a few people who motivate themselves based on their experience but physiologists determined that they likely would have done that anyway if they found another excuse . newline newline point is : it s safe , it helps people . newline newline i worked for riche pharma , back during the drug trials stage , and for insomnia , it is safe . i d stake my career on that . it is safe . for approved uses . newline newline we investigated other uses though . we ... looked into treatments for muscle atrophy diseases , maybe training muscles to move correctly again in sleep  inconclusive   we tried treating parkinsons patients , maybe moving easily in dreams would ease the shaking in waking life  patients reported improved quality of life , but double blind trials showed nothing measurable  and god help us we gave some to alzheimer patients ... newline newline i was working the ward , every morning i d see 12 men and 7 women wake up , say good morning , ask about their families , ask how they got to hospital  or how they suddenly got better  and minute by minute , we d watch them fade . they d slur , they d forget words in sentences , they d get quiet or suddenly lash out in anger , that we were impostors , false . newline newline once we let a family member be present when a patient woke up . we needed to know , were these moments of lucidity ? if so , maybe we could isolate the compond in the brain and extend these moments . generate a viable treatment , it felt like standing on the edge of the future , you know ? like we were going to slay one of humanity s great monsters . newline newline they were dreams inhabiting an empty body . there was nothing of the person who went to sleep in those who woke up . newline newline we , the team , were devastated . not only was it useless , it was harmful to the patient and their families . newline newline i quit the day riche sold the research to the cia . newline newline newline newline it started when i was six . at least , that  s when i first noticed it . you get this feeling , as it  s happening , you see . that  s how i always knew it was still , how i was still . . . me . that feeling never changed , it never has.  newline newline  so you were six years old . what happened that first time ?  newline newline  i was with my sister , playing on the side of the street near our house . there was this great big dip in the road , you know , from all the winters and cars and things , so when it rained , it would puddle into this little pond . we used to take little boats and toys , my sister and i , and we would float them in the pond and pretend it was the ocean and we were giant sea monsters . she was eight at the time . i used to like to sit with my back towards the road so i could see the house while we played . my mother used to always come bring us hot chocolate when it was cold , so i would face the house so i could see when she was coming . that day was different . when we ran outside to play , i got this weird feeling . it felt weird at the time , but i think it was just because i didn  t really know what it was , you see . really it  s the only thing that feels comfortable to me now.  newline newline  so what did you do ?  newline newline  nothing really , i just kind of shook it off  figured it was the cold or something . i continued over to the puddle , but this time i sat on the sidewalk instead , facing the street . i didn  t really think about it at all , it just happened . it had rained particularly hard the day before so the puddle was especially large , and my sister took my spot at the far end in the street . the roads were pretty slick , and i think by the time he saw her it was just too late . it  s a little fuzzy after that , but i remember the screeching . it was so loud and i just remember that weird feeling , in my gut . it was so strong that first time , it felt so warm . i remember my mother running out of the house screaming , and i was sad because she dropped the hot chocolate.  newline newline  i  m sorry . that must have been really hard for you.  newline newline  it should have been.  newline newline  what do you mean ?  newline newline  i used to think that the reason i didn  t feel anything after was because of some repressed memories or psychiatric , emotional bullshit  but i know better now . you feed off of it . the feeling , the warm sensation . it  s like nothing you  ll ever feel . like no sensation you  ll ever experience.  newline newline  the  weird  feeling you mean ? in your gut ?  newline newline  the more it happened , the more i liked it . it became less weird and more seductive . i started to realize that i would always get it before something bad would happen . it didn  t have to be severe or anything , you know . someone trips on a crack , gets mud splashed on them by a car , that kind of thing . but the big ones , those were when you could really feel it . feel it like a rush through you , and all your blood gets warm , and you can kind of feel the things around you . i knew a few people at my company , superiors and bosses and such , who got cancer , but that was less exhilarating . the best times were when it was sudden , and everything would change in a matter of seconds , you know ?  newline newline  so this feeling , you felt it with everything from tragedies to spilled coffee ?  newline newline  that  s what i thought at first . i thought there was something inside of me that could just sense others  misfortunes . but that  s not how it works . it  s not about them . it  s about me . it  s always been about me.  newline newline  wha  what do you mean ?  newline newline  the heart attack was my favorite . the ceo just dropped dead on the table in the middle of a presentation . i could see it in his face right before it happened . i felt it . and now i have his job . if it wasn  t such a tragedy for the company , they would have said i was the luckiest person alive . everyone would have been sending me congratulation cards . i sent myself one . i deserved it.  newline newline  you ? you did all that ?  newline newline  no , no . it wasn  t me . they all just happened . but eventually , the thrill became greater than the results . i would gamble billions against others , risk entire bankruptcy just to see competitors fail and my company rise . i seek it out , you see . i  m not doing anything , i  m just lucky . and the luckier i get , the more . . . unlucky others get . luck is like money . it  s finite . you can  t have too much or it depreciates . it  s traded back and forth , exchanged for cars and mansions and pretty wives . and i have it all . i have all the money and all the luck . it  s mine . it  s mine by birthright.  newline newline  mr . lucy , this has been a fascinating interview but i really must go now.  newline newline  oh , so soon ? i haven  t even told you about the earthquake that got me on the board of directors.  newline newline she quickly gathered her things and began to leave .  i must inform you that this was all on the record mr. lucy ,  she said darkly . newline newline  actually , as a matter of fact ,  he said ,  i  m getting that feeling right now.  newline newline as she rushed out of the room with her recorder , the man smiled coyly and said  don  t trip on your way down the stairs . it  s an awfully long fall.  newlinei begin to encroach on a small family farm in search of a plentiful bounty for my empty stomach . i am optimistic this would be the place in which i find relief . i come closer to the low dimmed setting to find a family surrounding the warmth of a fire . the livestock begin to stir in discomfort at the signs of an unwelcome visitor . i continue past in assurance that a meal lye in wait . before i am able to survey the surrounding area i feel an intense pressure followed by severe pain on my spine . i swing around to see who or what was spearheading an assault on me . i connect eyes with a man , one of the same seeking warmth around the fire . in a disoriented shock , i turn around attempting to escape the mistake i made by coming here . another eternal second passed and yet again another blow hits me just behind the head rendering me virtually useless . as i lay limp i feel my body being pulled closer to the glow of the fire . in a desperate attempt to flee , i struggle to escape the family members grasps . nothing helps . the man hurls my lifeless body towards the fire . unable to comprehend what was happening to me , the flames begin to sizzle my skin . my last cognitive effort to preserve my own life was granted through instinct . i thrash and overturn my beaten , bloody body to once again escape the pain . as i make the last dash towards salvation my body could handle , i am lifted into the air . unable to make sense of how or why this was happening to me , i am hurled into a cascade of rushing water . the current is incredibly powerful . not allowing me to return to the surface for the air i require . i wish i was able to swim for my life . a rattle snakes capabilities are more lavishly displayed on land unfortunately . as i think about the events leading up to my own demise , i realize that i would have done the same to the man if he was strolling around my residence . no hard feelings i suppose . just as soon the thought entered my mind , it was then gone . i still do nt think this is a good idea ...  steve said to no one in particular as he worked on his laptop . general walker gave him a cold stare from across the room . newline newline newline  dr. hayes , we ve explained this countless times to you . we are in the middle of an energy crisis and hell is a renewable source !  newline newline steve closed the lid of his laptop and looked at the general through thickrimmed glasses .  now i m not a religious man , walker , but i do believe hell exists . i also believe it would be a very bad idea to rip a big hole in dimensional spacetime to go charging in . i mean , for all we know our weapons will do nothing against the armies of the damned .  newline newline newline a door at the far end of the room opened and a young scientist poked his head in . newline  er , general , doctor , we re ready to start .  newline newline newline general walker grinned and picked up his planner . steve sighed and carried his laptop out the door . it was a short walk through the confined tunnels of the bunker to the portal room . this portal to hell was nt particularly dramatic or fancy  just a huge ring of magnets at the end of an underground 30 mile loop . steve sat down at the centre control panel and plugged his laptop in . he was flanked by other scientist and military manning other consoles . general walker gave orders to officer present , who either left the room or relayed the orders to ncos . newline newline newline  we re ready to go , dr hayes . press enter and let s get started .  newline newline newline  it s not that  oh hell there s no point in explaining ,  steve typed some commands into the console and the emergency lights came on .  ten seconds and we ll open a portal to hell , general , i hope you re happy .  he sat back and cross his arms . newline newline newline moments later , soldiers wheeled in a large crate and placed it in front of the portal . steve sat bolt upright then turned to general walker  what the hell is that , walker ? ,  the general chuckled . newline newline newline  your worry about our weapons being ineffective is nt totally unfounded , dr. hayes . but i doubt even the damned can withstand the destructive force of a nuclear bomb .  newline newline newline the portal formed with a bright flash , a rippling black screen now filled the ring of magnets . the soldiers pushed the bomb through the portal before retreating behind blast shields . moments later , the portal bulged out and there was an audible thud .the alarm went off at 4:50 am , as it had everyday for the past 43 years of his life . before that , a trained rooster had croaked for 15 years . working on the farm was simply a way of life . get up , feed the animals , milk the cows , collect the eggs , and go inside to eat breakfast . ever since the marriage of his wife 39 years ago , he d eaten the same thing everyday : 3 eggs , 2 pieces of toast , and 5 pieces of bacon . newline  so honey what s on the calendar for today ?  he asked his wife , hoping she would finally get around to doing some laundry . newline  i need to go to costco and get some flour .  she responded sighing at how boring her life was .  i think they might be having a sale on bulk pitchforks if you need some .  newline macdonald looked up , a mild sign of interest in this monotonous unimportant small talk conversation  how many , and for how much ?  newline she handed him the flier .  well tickle my pickle , theyre only  3 ! how on earth can they even profit from that ?  he said . standing up . newline becky laughed .  read the small print .  newline  what . i have to buy 400 at once ? well i want some goddamn eggs benedict if i m spending  1200 on pitchforks !  newline newline http : www.reddit.comrnewscomments2i7p0qmarriottfined600000forjammingguestswificl00825 ? context1 you bastard , i saw you with that woman , i know you do nt love me anymore . i hate you !  newline newline  wait , honey , of course i love you .  newline newline  do nt fucking touch me , get out ! what does that slut have that i do nt ?  newline newline  nothing , i swear , there s just this one need i have that you always reject  i looked at her for a moment because some primal , thirsty part of my mind thought she could satisfy it . i m sorry baby .  newline newline  you still love me ?  newline newline  always .  newline newline  am i pretty ?  newline newline  anna , you are the most beautiful , ravishing creature i have ever met . you are as close to perfection as any man could get . i would die if i could never kiss your full lips , hold your hand , hear your crystalline voice . you are the world to me .  newline newline  really ?  newline newline  really .  newline newline  i m sorry i yelled at you . i know i m not perfect , but i m willing to work on it for a great boyfriend like you . what is it that you desire ? my body is yours .  newline newline  well ... i m a little embarrassed by it , but i need about tree fiddy  newline newline she stumbled backward in terror as she watched her boyfriend become a beastly aberration , barely human , 500 feet tall and from the paleolithic era . newline newline i m so sorry . newline    prologue newline  nbsp  newline newline  nbsp   nbsp  damn , this chick is tight ,  thought steve , as he relentlessly pounded away at her backside . i  m well rid of that bitch , raven or whatever . it was like throwing a sausage down a hallway with that one . don  t know what i saw in her .  newline newline  nbsp   nbsp  aloud he exclaimed ,  yeah , take it ! you like that dick you skanky ho ! unh.  the girl he was fucking was moaning loudly facedown into a pillow . abruptly , she rolled her head aside and squealed . here it comes !  steve thrust it in , deep , crushing her ass tightly to his groin . he was , perhaps , justifiably surprised by the heel to the thigh . he took another one to the sack as she kicked him away , cursing . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   what the fuck , you bitch ? !  he yelled , in a pitch he almost didn  t recognize as coming from his own mouth . the girl was crouched at the far end of the bed , nursing her own hurt . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   i  m sorry !  she said ,  it just hurt all of a sudden . i think you  re jjust too big . ow , goddammit that stings.  before he could say anything , she was off the bed and into the bathroom . he heard the lock click , and was alone with his raging boner . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp  frowning and muttering under his breath about crazy bitches , he finished himself off and cleaned up with the nearest thing to hand  her dress , it felt like . then he put his clothes back on and left without another word . newline newline  newline  nbsp   nbsp  steve hunched surly over the bar , nursing a bud . whatsherface , it turned out , was only the beginning of his problems . of the last five girls he had picked up , two of them had taken a look at his dick and flat refused , sending him off without even a handjob . another two had offered head . the last had given it the old college try  heh !   but could no more go through with it than the one bitch . it  s like she cursed me or something . never thought i  d hit a stretch of pussy so tight i couldn  t even get it in properly .  steve  s equipment was only average in length and girth , but he  d been so ragingly horny lately it felt like he was busting at the seams . most guys  d kill to have this problem .  he took another swig . newline newline  newline  nbsp   nbsp  there was a whistle and a couple loud yeahs . steve turned to see what the commotion was . a woman was dancing on the floor , drawing appreciative stares in part for her moves  but more likely because she was obviously very drunk and her top had rode up a little far  . never one to play coy , steve drained his pint and stood up . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   hey , baby , they call me stevie suve  newline newline  nbsp   nbsp  strike six . newline newline  newline  nbsp   nbsp   as far as i can tell , you  re only about average in size ,  said the doc .  you shouldn  t be having any trouble.  newline newline  nbsp   nbsp  i  ve got half an inch on the average you dickhead , steve thought but didn  t say . what he said was ,  so you  re telling me that i just happened to line up six of the tightest chicks in town , all in a row , just like that  that i just got unlucky ?  newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   that about sums it up , yes . unless   the doc cleared his throat   you  ve been picking up women a little young for your age.  there was a slight but not unobvious emphasis on the word  woman ,  and the doc fixed him with a cold look that settled like spears over the rims of his glasses . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   fuck you . i ain  t no kiddy diddler ,  steve said angrily . he tugged his pants back on in a huff and stormed out of the room . fucking doctors .  newline newline  newline  nbsp   nbsp  the next evening steve visited a new place . word had gotten around , it seemed , and his luck had run cool at the usual dive . he was in a bad mood and set to with a will . the place was dense with the noise of a death metal band churning out something that sounded like badly oiled industrial machinery , but the music suited his temperament just fine . halfshouting and more than halfdrunk , he related his woes  in the proper context  to the bartender between drinks . for his part , the bartender nodded sympathetically as appropriate and occasionally asked ,  another ?  newline newline  nbsp   nbsp  the band had apparently finished their set , and during the respite a man a couple seats down spoke up .  you know , some girls like  em big enough to hurt ,  the man said with a lewd grin .  take miss agony there ,  and he pointed with his chin to a dim corner where a couple guys and a girl , all tattoos and studs and rings and chains , were lounging .  she  s mostly dom , but she mixes it up sometimes for the right girl . or guy , as the case may be.  he winked . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp  steve looked where the man had indicated .  not really my type . but shit man , at this point i  d try anything with two legs ,  he said . the man laughed loudly and raised his cup :  hear , hear !  newline newline  nbsp   nbsp  steve raised his own , and with a  bottoms up !  drained it in one long swallow , banging the empty glass down on the bar top with a satisfied  ahhhh  newline newline  newline  nbsp   nbsp  mistress agony was skeptical . skeptical but intrigued . men were always boasting about how big they were , but this one seemed to really be desperate . he was far from unattractive , if you were into the whole  bro  type , but marking them up was part of the fun for her . she agreed to a liaison on the condition that he serve her for a week after . he didn  t seem too thrilled , but men are driven by lust , not logic , and so it didn  t take much convincing for him to agree . newline newline  newline  nbsp   nbsp  steve was ready to rut . he hadn  t been properly laid in  what  a week and a half ? he halfled , halfdragged the goth chick back into the men  s room and locked the door , where they went at it like starved animals . it was hot and urgent and a little bloody , and it was a good thing the next band started playing because she had started to scream . loud . newline newline  newline  nbsp   nbsp  the next day , steve was regretting his agreement . he didn  t particularly want to be this woman  s bitchboy , but she was the first woman in a week and a half who  d let him finish inside , and that counted for something . besides , it was clear that she loved the d  she wouldn  t be able to stay away ! newline newline  nbsp   nbsp  he was halfright . newline newline  newline  nbsp   nbsp  a week in the hands of mistress agony taught steve a lot about himself . he learned , for example , that he preferred flogging to nipple clamps . he learned that he was surprisingly more flexible than he had known , when put to the test . and then he learned that 10 feet of chain isn  t quite enough to reach the basement door . he was downright miserable , to be honest , and she hadn  t even let him hit that once ! not that he wanted to anymore . the shit this chick came up with was downright sick . he couldn  t see how anybody could get their rocks off on this sort of thing . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp  the worst was the teasing . she  d get him hard but never could he find release . sometimes she drew it out for hours before leaving him hanging , unable even to just rub one out . he had the worst goddamn case of blue balls you  ve ever seen . indigo balls . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp  and yet , the more abuse he took , the harder he seemed to get . by the end of the week , his cock felt 12 inches long in about 6 inches of skin . the veins bulged angrily as she coaxed him to life , and he cursed loudly and fluently as his body betrayed his intent . he  d lost track of the days somewhat , so he was a bit confused when she finally placed the key in his hand . he didn  t waste any time , however , fumbling at the locks , angry , ashamed , just wanting to get out of this place . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp  as he did this , miss agony calmly removed her clothes , walked over to a device , and strapped herself in , spreadeagled and bent at the waist . she wrapped her hands into two leather loops affixed to the wall and lay there , head turned to one side , watching to see what he would do . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp  steve wasn  t paying attention to any of this , but when he was free he looked around . for clothes , perhaps , or to make sure she wasn  t playing some prank . either way , he saw her . he wanted to leave , but she was inviting him . all the anger and confusion and lust he  d built up came seething to the surface , and he stalked over and gave her the grudgefuck of a lifetime . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp  when he was finished , he searched around and found his clothes . everything but the underwear , which had been substituted for a pair of panties . twisted fuck , he thought , and went commando . miss agony was still lying in her device , sweating and panting , as he turned to leave . as he mounted the stairs , he heard her voice from behind , calling raggedly ,  y  all come back now , you hear ?  followed by laughter , then coughing . newline newline  newline  nbsp   nbsp  fucking crazy bitch , what the fuck was i thinking . i  m going to call the police , that can  t be legal . fuck .  newline newline  nbsp   nbsp  steve didn  t call the police . but he didn  t visit mistress agony again . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp  for at least a week . newline newline  nbsp  newline  newline    epilogue newline  nbsp  newline newline  nbsp   nbsp  he followed the mistress to her bedroom . this was a rare treat ! soft down and silk sheets , not the usual at all . her touch was surprisingly gentle  she lazily caressed his chest , tugged at the nipple rings . there was a soft clinking of metal as she kissed him deeply . her nails traced the dark lines in the skin , her mark , and goosebumps rose on his flesh . she stripped him of his pants , teasing here , then there , with her tongue and lips . took him into her mouth , slowly , sensually . coaxed and pleaded with her hands , her hair , her breath . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp  it was no use . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   ii  m sorry , mistress !  steve stammered ,  i just don  t understand !  newline newline  nbsp   nbsp  quicksilver fury , her temper arose .  useless !  she spat .  to think you are the same man who once filled me to bursting with this same , sad strip of flesh . where is that man , now ? do you not desire me ? have i not treated you well ?  newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   no ! mistress is all that matters to me ! i am yours to do with as you please  body , heart , and soul  newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   body , indeed . hmph . i should cut it off and replace it with something more suitable.  newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   if it please mistress  newlinethe stork steadily made his way north as he d done every spring for nearly thirty years . updrafts buffeted him as he passed over mountains , swamps provided food and a secure place to sleep , and now he was moving steadily downstream over the large familiar river . only it was less familiar now  many of the cities straddling it were burning or destroyed , and the first and only intact bridge he d seen so far was an hour behind him . worse still , there were large numbers of the buzzing ... insects ? birds ? ... that had become so numerous over his lifetime . although usually far above him the noisy things sometimes streaked down trailing debris and fire . he flew more warily , but the approaching mass of metal was far too quick to dodge and shattered him . newline newline even a bird as big as the stork should nt have affected the rocket , but it had been built of scrounged materials and frantically readied and launched on orders from berlin . the impact had bent a steering vane on one of the tailfins , causing the rocket to veer ever further from the course it would have followed otherwise . newline newline the mass of american troops , armor , and engineers at the south end of the ludendorff bridge had less warning than the stork before the v2 struck in their midst , while the men on the north side of the rhine could only watch helplessly as the bridge collapsed . the men in the bridgehead  a weak brigade  fought desperately against the german offensive but with mounting casualties and resupply and reinforcements impossible were forced to surrender . the survivors  the aryans , anyway  spent the rest of the war in a pow camp outside of cologne until their liberation by zhukov s troops in october . newline newline in 2005 the remaining us veterans of the battle of remagen met for the first time at the battle site , expressly invited by the new regime in berlin . in their eighties now they wander about haltingly , taking in the ruins of the town , the wreckage of the bridge , still visible through the waters of the rhine , and the v2 crater , now a pretty treelined pond popular with birders because of the migrating storks that visit it .the sword rattles in my hand , yanking itself free from my untrained grasp . i strain for it even as my wrist aches , hoping to catch it before it hits the ground . there  s a flash of silver and a spray of red , coming from my hands . the pain doesn  t hit , my mind not contemplating the loss of a hand quite yet . newline newline i can see my wife . she  s crying . cradling our dead child and crying . screaming in anger does no good , screaming for the death of those who killed my child does no good . weeks later , i was in the same position , cradling her and crying . she had claimed there was nothing to live for . as long as we live , there is revenge to be taken . newline newline i  m still reaching for the sword . with my stump and with my empty other hand . it  s the only thing that can save me . it  s too close to the ground for comfort . the pain of my lost hand hits me at that moment , all my nerves screaming in agony that my hand is gone . another portion reports that there  s something in my chest , in my heart . newline newline i taste blood . i remember tasting it that day too , when he struck me with the pommel of his blade . claimed a few teeth were  lucky  compared to being dead , that i was destined to kowtow and so were my children and those after them . i don  t blame peter for swinging at him . i blame the asshole for coming back later just to murder him . newline newline the sword pulls out of my chest and there  s a pain across my neck , reaching me quicker . i gasp in a breath . it doesn  t feel like it reaches anything . everything goes black as the sword clatters across the ground as i seem to chase it .our anniversary , the best night of the year . forget new years , you can keep valentine s day and christmas , this is the one night of the year that is my all time favorite . tonight we are celebrating ten glorious years of marriage , so i put on my best suit , picked up the reddest roses i have ever seen and took her to the best restaurant in town . it s going to be a night to remember ! newline newline the hostess seats us and i start going on about how beautiful she looks . the waiter comes and takes our order , she gets the escargot , i order the oyster platter and a very nice bottle of wine . the wine arrives first . newline newline i pour two glasses and start to gush about how lovely it is to be out with her , how happy i am , how much i ve loved out time together , and everything great that s happened in the last ten years . newline newline it s just then that she breaks down into tears . she starts talking about how she ca nt do this anymore , she s going through the motions , she s not really happy , and she s met someone . i m stunned . the last one hits me like a ton of bricks .  well , are you going to say anything ?  newline newline  our anniversary . our ten year anniversary . you could nt have done this last night , you could nt have done this years ago . you had to do this tonight . here .  newline newline  is that all you care about ?  newline newline  of course not ! i love you , everything about you . i love the way we can do anything and have it be fun , i love your sense of adventure , i love your humor and smile , i love the way you look and they way you feel in my arms . i love the woman infront of me . but she found someone else . what do you say to that ? what can anyone say ?  i m starting to get a little loud and the tables nearest us are increasingly aware of the situation . newline newline  i m sorry . i never meant to hurt you .  the words , hollow , fall on deaf ears . i m fuming inside , but i m numb to the world around me , only moderatly aware of my surroundings . my glass of wine vanishes in a single gulp , the young couple to my right is trying very hard not to look like they re glued to the conversation , and failing . the waiter comes out of the kitchen , the molluscs are coming .ok , tom . got some good news and i got some bad news .  newline newline lay it on me , dr stephenson . newline newline the good news is that exactly 30 years ago , we in science did something amazing , and something we have kept hidden from the world for all this time . and we re going to go public today and we need your help . because exactly thirty years ago , we cured death . children born on that day were among the first to receive the immunity .  newline newline wow , i m gon na live forever ? newline newline no . see , i said  among  the first . we got going on it as soon as possible but of course , we had to make sure all the proper paperwork was signed and whatnot . you missed it by about six seconds . in fact , you popped out and the un envoy with the dose was like so close !  newline newline so ... everybody else born after me ... ? newline newline oh , do nt worry about them . they re gon na live forever . it s you who wo nt .  newline newline but ... why ? why me ? newline newline it had to be someone . like when they cutoff happy hour at a bar . someone has to be the first to order after it s over . but i guess it s kind of the reverse now , because everybody who showed up after you is gon na have an eternal happy hour .  newline newline fuck . so why do you need me ? newline newline the guinness book people need your picture and info for the record book . congratulations ! you re the answer to a trivia question ! just like hitler or sir isaac newton . or the first person who got the immunity serum newline newline who was that ? newline newline a really lucky baby , i ll tell you that much .  laughs long and hard  i do nt know , some asshole . it should have been you , kid . hang in there  playfully slugs shoulder   newline newline i hate my life . newline newline at least it will be over eventually .  newline newline yeah . newline newline   fade to black   newline newlineat the centre for magical intelligence , the american president of magical congress strode purposely towards the emergency briefing his head of intelligence had called . storming into the meeting room with his staff in tow , the first words out the presidents mouth where  what the hell are the cousin fuckers doing now ?  newline newline the head of magical intelligence rose a  mr president , they sacked dumbledore from the iwc  newline newline the president swore , and then asked the room to be seated . newline newline dumbledore  s appointment to the head of the iwc was mostly political in nature  truly there was no better man for the job , but the appointment was a signal from the international community to the british ministry that they were ready to resume relations  a signal which was ignored . newline newline at a time when the rest of the world was coming together , great britain seemed determined to isolate itself and progressives like dumbledore were few and far between . newline newline  is he still running things at that school of theirs ?  newline newline  fortunately yes , but we expect if he keeps speaking up about voldemort they  ll sack him from there too.  newline newline  goddamn voldemort ...  newline newline  what a voldemort ?  said a newly appointed junior presidential aide , who clearly hadn  t read a memo lately or been around in the 80s . the president cringed , truly education in america was lacking , but congress damn near useless and obstructed his attempts to improve education at every turn  the little shit was only here because of who his uncle was . newline newline with a baleful stare , the head of magical intelligence addressed the whelp ,  not what , who  he  s a second rate grindelwald , powerful on his own but also got their  pure bloods  riled up . he started a war in the 70s , before going underground in 1981 after he tried and failed to murder a child  we have confirmed reports that he split his soul up using horcruxs , at least five in total , however to date one has been destroyed.  newline newline the president was silent for a moment , and then spoke . newline newline  gentlemen , i don  t need to tell you that boots on the ground is not an option  we ill afford another chernobyl.  newline newline there were nods of agreement around the room , and the president continued , newline newline  do we have any idea what his next move is ?  newline newline  he  ll likely take the ministry.  newline newline  is intervening possible ?  newline newline  yes , however that would drive him underground again.  newline newline the room was silent . newline newline   are you seriously suggesting we let him topple the british ministry of magic ?  newline newline the head of magical intelligence drew a deep breath . newline newline  if he does take the ministry , casualties wise we  re expecting dozens of dead wizards and witches , along with hundreds of nomajs . if we intervene , we  ll likely be locked into a guerrilla war  hundreds of magical deaths including our own soldiers , tens of thousands of nomaj casualties at best , and the risk of exposure increases exponentially.  newline newline  the best course of action i can recommend is to draw him out , find and destroy his horcruxes , then destroy him and restore the ministry  preferably with somebody as minister not inclined towards isolationism.  newline newline the president was silent for a full minuet . nobody spoke . newline newline  this is not a decision we can take lightly , and not without input from the rest of the international community . i want a full report with all possible solutions this agency can come up with , and a list of all assets in britain and who we can mobilse for this who knows ,   he said jokingly ,  with any luck that kid will sort it out for us again .  i ca nt believe it , of all the people to get stuck here with , it has to be you !  newline newline  oh do nt say that buddy , smore ?  newline newline  oh for fucks sake , we re trapped underneath who knows how many metric fuck tonnes of snow , in the middle of nowhere . and you want smores and rainbows and butterflies and friendship ?  newline newline  just calm down will you take a seat , and just wait it out .  newline newline  just fuck you .  newline newline  you do nt mean that buddy .  newline newline  i swear if you call me that again ...  newline newline  you ll what ? hit me ? kill me ? i can defend myself remember ?  newline newline  then why do nt you do something to get us out of here ! ?  newline newline  and why ca nt you just relax and trust in the force that we ll get out of when we do ?  newline newline  not this shit again . hey , here s an idea , you re the fucking chosen one right ? meant to be the most powerful force wielding being ? get us fucking out of here !  newline newline  it s not that simple..  newline newline  fuck you anakin .  newline newline  smore ? the experts of the scientific community were in awe at the simplistic design . two toasters crudely nailed together , one on top of the other sat in a glass box which was reinforced with a steel frame . a short man in a sweaty tshirt and overalls rubbed his sunscorched neck and smeared sweat along it . newline newline  i m tellin  you , sully ... it happened .   newline newline a tall man with long , dark brown hair adjusted his sweater vest and stood up behind his podium .  you keep saying that , but this is two toasters . this could not be what think it is .  newline newline the short man lifted his brows , showing a slightly maddening look in his eyes . eyes that could drive you insane , yet they still show slight intelligence and reason .  it s two toasters , i know . but it is also a solution to every problem that we will deal with in the next thousand years .  newline newline  i assure you that you ca nt take two kitchen appliances and make a machine that breaks the laws of energy conservation .  newline newline the other experts adjusted their heads and looked with cutting eyes at the man held between two heavily armed guards . they all slowly nodded . the guards pushed the stout man forward abruptly .  show us how it works ,  said the sweatervested scientist . newline newline the man slowly approached the box , stepping towards it as if it were a dangerous animal . he put his hands upon it and slowly felt across its transparent surface . his fingers slowly dragged across the surface until they reached a little brass knob screwed onto a locked hatch . newline newline the box was made of bulletproof glass , tough enough to be stepped on by an elephant and still be ready for more . the scientists suggested that if the device was what the man says it was , it could be dangerous to not be at least partially covered . newline newline his hand reached around into the box , past the small hatch and laid his sweatcovered fingers on the springy bit on the far side of the bottom toaster . the fingers bent as they slowly pushed the black bar lower and lower , until it came to a stop . the man quickly withdrew his hand and backed away from the box . he made a few meters away from the box until the but of an assault rifle smashed into his sunscorched face , causing a surge of blood to spill from his nose . newline newline the guards brought the man to his feet and the men held him up by the collar of his bloody tshirt .  there s no need to run . there s certainly nothing that could hurt you here .   newline newline the toaster slowly did its work . the heat within the box distorted its surroundings , giving the toasters a halo of hot air . the scientists looked unamused .  at this point , we have fallen to watching this great machine  make hot air . impressive .   newline newline nobody was looking at the bloodied man , but he was crying . crying tears of fear ? sadness ? pain ? insanity ? no one knew and no one cared . he lifted his hand and smeared fresh blood across his lips in a faulty attempt to rub it off . he gave a sniffle , staring at the box , expectantly . newline newline the black bar sprang up , slapping its own frame with a light ting .   you ve gone mad , wilfred . this doubletoaster ca nt even cook twice the toast , because you have one on top the oth  newline newline before he could finish , the toaster rumbled and holes formed in shell of the toasters . rays of intense light protruded through them , which were actually unbelievably hot flames . the scientists withdrew in fear . the lights in the great room flickered out , and the toasters  flames grew immense to where it illuminated the whole room . newline newline  you idiots ! how much energy did you feed the device !  ferociously yelled wilfred . nobody responded to the question as the rays of light pierced its hardy container by melting through . the beams shot out at all angles which blazed through the room s wooden furniture and seared through the flesh of a few unfortunate scientists . the sound of screaming and the smell of burning wood and flesh filled the room . newline newline the box was no more , as the toasters rose into a ball of fire , melting and shattering all of it . the room then filled with a smoke so think that you could nt see the hands in front of your face . the room went eventually went quiet , except for wheezing and the sound of the burning wood giving occasional pops . newline newline hours passed . newline newline dr. sullivan lifted his face off the hot tile floor and adjusted his weight onto his wobbly knees . he glared at the black soot that covered every surface of the room , then he noticed that he was covered in it too , obviously . he looked around the room . no toasters , none of his comrades , no guards , and lastly ... no wilfred . newline newline he stepped outside the rooms large glass doors and made it out into the clean lobby , the hub of the many labs that he worked in .  anybody ? anyone there ?  newline newline he always knew that wilfred was a major cause of the labs  success , but he was also a major cause of illegitimacy . his old age slowly made him create more useless objects than actual inventions , and those two toasters were the meeting point of both . simple looking , but what did it do ? newline newline he continued yelling into many halls and looked into many rooms , searching for someone , but all the rooms looked as if they were plucked clean of personnel and equipment . he began to panic , knowing that he might be stuck there alone . he reached into his pocket to grab his phone , but his fingers only grasped at the inside of an empty pocket . he ran madly , knowing that he might not have a chance to escape if the labs were evacuated hours ago . he opened the door to the winding staircase that went to the surface . quickly stepping up each step took a few good minutes , but he reached the top . he tapped upon the keypad to open the large , metal door to the outside . newline newline it opened . the doors opened to a hellish landscape with strong winds and liquid fire and lightning spilling from a pair of giant toasters with bat wings . newline newline  you should be afraid ! we are the scourge of all small appliances and the boogeymen that keeps lesser toasters awake at night !  seriously ? !  i choke on my cinnamon toast crunch . newline newline  hey trouble , it s nice to see you too .  he s standing there the way he s always stood in our living room . like he belongs there , like it s home . newline newline  what are you doing here ? you should nt be here , you should have moved on !  newline newline  someone has to make sure you do nt eat yourself to death by way of sugary breakfast cereals .  he smiles that big playful grin i ve always loved . newline newline  i m fucking grieving , because you know the whole you being dead thing .  i shove another large spoonful into my mouth . it s been a rough day . newline newline the smile disappears from his face as his eyes avert mine . newline newline  it s not your fault you know . there s nothing you , me , or anyone else could have done to prevent it brandon . you ve been scheduled to die that day from the moment you were born .  why am i talking like this ? i m usually more gentle in my approach . newline newline he looks at me again ,  so how long have you had this ... ummmm ... what do you call it ? a gift ? talent ? quirk ?  newline newline  remember during our freshmen year of high school when i went away for a little while ? no one knew where i was and then someone found out i was in a psych ward , and preceded to tell the entire school ? then when i came back everyone kept calling me girl , interrupted ?  newline newline  yes .  newline newline  since then .  newline newline  wait let me get this straight ... you see dead people ? walking around like ordinary people ? do some not even know they are dead ?  he laughs . i m glad he s taking it so well . newline newline  yes and no . i see spirits who are still here . they have nt gone to a better or worse place . they are just here ... in limbo .  i wait for that to settle in . newline newline  i m in limbo ? spending eternity with you sounds like my version of heaven .  he moves in for a hug . i want to warn him not to , but i know the only way he will understand is if it happens . he wraps his arms around me and they go through my body . it s not cold despite what hollywood tells you . spirits transfer emotions when they touch you , and i can feel his warmth and longing . it makes me miss him more . i look into his eyes , they are filled with so much pain . he can not speak and can not let go . newline newline  look at me brandon .  i say calmly ,  i know it hurts , and you feel like you ca nt let go . move slowly and deliberately . tell yourself you are letting go . sometimes it helps to imagine dropping a bowling ball  i can feel strength of contact weaken ,  that s right , you re doing great ... almost there .  newline newline he let s go and gasps for air . newline newline  i promise it gets easier .  newline newline  so i m a ghost ?  he asks , defeated . newline newline  yes ... well i like to refer to you and others like you as a spirit .  newline newline  and what are you then , like some real life psychic or something ?  newline newline  or something ... i m ... well i m what they officially call the keeper of limbo .  newline newline he stares at me .          dropcap  newline newline m  ajor rebecca hammond grimaced .    sc  newline newline she d only been the meu  1  s6  2  for a week , since major simms had been selected for lt colonel and received orders to school . now this ...  newline newline general hess , stood over his desk looking more than perturbed . next to him the xo  3  , colonel revel looked just as annoyed . god , nothing changes . it s like being a lieutenant all over again .  newline newline  cut to the chase , major . why are we dark ?  newline newline  it s unprecedented , sir . the iridiums , the satcom , vhf , hf  4  are all down . well , not completely down , sir . i ve been working with the other local units , even 15th meu agreed to unpack their gear and do some tests . we can communicate locally , but everything external to the base is dead . commercial , military  it does nt matter . we ca nt even reach back to the lhd  5  , sir . there s no sign of it .  newline newline general hess nodded ,  fair enough . take a seat . everyone , here s the problem and it does nt leave this tent . it s beyond ts  6  . major hernandez ?  newline newline the bald , oliveskinned marine stepped forward , he was the meu intelligence officer  the s2 .  yes , sir .  newline newline it was then that rebecca noticed that general schafer , the 15th meu commander , and colonel black , the camp commandant were both sitting in the back of the room . ok , this is worse than a comm blackout .  in fact a number of people , not from her unit were scattered around the room . she d been too focused on her report to do a full inventory when she had first entered the command building . newline newline major jose hernandez continued ,  both 15th and ourselves launched whatever ravens and scaneagles  7  we had functional at 0630 .  a number of stills and video feeds were projected against the wall .  the aircraft all returned some rather confusing imagery . terrain , topography ... nothing matches what should be the local area . the water there ,  he pointed up to a feed .  does nt match the gulf . closest my guys can analyze , is it resembles the red sea .  newline newline colonel chase , the operations officer , cut in ,  something feels off , jose . those boats ... there all reeds and twine . hell , i have nt seen anything more advanced than a camel . even the poorest rags have trucks all over the place .  newline newline  yes , sir . we noticed as well . our gps are down . no connection to the satellites . that was our first qualm . then all comms are down . our power hardline is cut . all we have are the generators . corporal bien , a budding astronomer was doing some stargazing this morning before dawn . she noticed a shift in the constellations before we were cut off . in her words , the stars are all wrong , sir .   newline newline he continued his presentation , cycling through a number of stills until he came to a sprawling , ancient city in its prime .  gents and ladies , this is nt from a history book . this is a shot from two hours ago , biggest bastion of civilization we could find . and this ,  he advanced to another still of a large army , mounted on horse and foot .  looks like an advancing army .  newline newline  christ ,  it was general schafer .  if this ai nt a bad dream and my history lessons are nt as fuzzy as i think ... no , it ca nt be .  newline newline general hess turned to his peer ,  what is it , tom ?  newline newline  ca nt be a hundred percent , dave . but , judging by the armor and the strength ... coupled with the city  . i ll put even money that , that is mecca and may very well be muhammad and his troops out there .  newline newline the whole room fell silent as the digested the impossibility . newline newline    newline newline 1 . marine expeditionary unit newline 2 . s6 . communications officer newline 3 . executive officer , the commanding officer s assistant . newline 4 . a host of communications options , including very high frequency and high frequency . newline 5 . landing helicopter dock , the  big decks  aka small aircraft carriers that can launch harriers , ch53s , ospreys and other short takeoff craft . newline 6 . top secret newline 7 . smallish drones in use at the meu level . newlineeach time he s a little different  not just how he looks , but what he expects of me . when we found each other in prague at the turn of the twentieth century , he swore he was never one to marry , but that he d love me for eternity . we d already been married three times , though he did nt remember . he never remembers . now , he wants to grow old together and it s the one thing i can not give him , at least not yet . the world s changed since we met so many lifetimes ago and it s getting harder and harder to disappear to just to find him once again . with the technological advances of smartphones , social media , and facial recognition software i m not sure how many more lifetimes i can keep this up , but it does nt matter . i ll always find him . newline newline he lives longer now , but not long enough to figure it out again . the first time we d fallen in love , i was the one that was dying . they had nt had a name for my ailment back then , but i suspect it had been some form of tuberculosis . he promised we d be together and that we d be together forever . he worked tirelessly , trying every combination of every herb and remedy he could find until he d made an elixir that had finally worked a little too well . in his haste to help me , he had nt taken care of himself . i d lost him the first time to the same consumption a few weeks after he d cured me , leaving no more elixir or answers behind . whatever had been in it has kept me alive long enough to see empires rise and fall and to see him die a total of seventeen times now . newline newline he s always brilliant . i know someday , he ll finally remember me and remember how to make the elixir to join me or create another cure to fix me . until then , i ll wait out the rest of his days with him until i must start the search again . shit . shit . shit .  yelled ulexilogical , slamming her foot against the gas pedal as the car door slammed behind ulunalovewell and utrueknot , a crimson hole oozing from the front of trueknot s shirt , the classic sign of a heist gone wrong . behind them the alarms of the bank blared and a few gunshots rang out , cracking the glass of the back window . newline newline  the blood , it s everywhere ! it s everywhere !  screamed upsychoalpaca from the front seat , a half handle of whiskey in his hand , a quarter of it on his shirt from the swerving drive to the bank and another quarter of it in digestion . newline newline  look ,  seethed lexi , turning in her seat ,  you re not even a mod . i m really not sure why you re here , but  newline newline  watch the goddamn road !  screamed psycho , shoving lexi s arm . the car took a sharp turn , narrowly avoiding a  squirrel   https : www.reddit.comrwritingpromptscomments2z5ly5wpyouswervetoavoidasquirrelunknowntoyou  that streaked across the road . in the rear view mirror , psycho could have sworn that the squirrel gave him a small salute as he disappeared into the sunset , but he that could have just been the whiskey talking . newline newline  god , what happened in there ?  asked lexi , taking another sharp turn , and sloshing psycho s whiskey ,  i told you to follow my  advice   https : www.reddit.comrwritingpromptscomments33oar9otasklexi1howtostartwriting  , and this shit would nt happen . ca nt you do anything luna ?  newline newline from beneath her cloak , luna removed a eleven and three quarters inch wand , cored with unicorn hair , and began muttering words coupled with flashes of bright color in the back seat . it was common knowledge that luna was a recent graduate of hogwarts , as this was the only explanation for her  seemingly endless and accurate tales about the school   https : www.reddit.comrlunalovewellcomments2xdhvrhouseambaret  . newline newline  there s nothing i can do . he s too far gone . i do nt know what happened , he just kind of froze up like he was hit by a petrificus totalus !  said luna , sweat on her brow . god ,  she though , write a few stories here and there , and this is what happens . i really did nt know what i got into when i started this business .  newline newline  not another one !  said lexi ,  he s gone inactive !  newline newline  whatever it is , it s beyond my control .  said luna . newline newline  well did we at least get any money ?  newline newline  no money , but we did get these . it s the usual haul .  luna shook out a bag , emptying a mound of assorted sweat shirts , snoo dolls , and gift cards onto the seat . psycho pocketed a few gift cards as lexi made another turn  technically it is nt stealing if you ca nt remember you did it  , and trueknot breathed his last in the back seat . newline newline the middle seat was empty it had once been occupied by urpwrites , who had disappeared for some time , and would one day hopefully be a part of the gang again . newline newline as the car streaked away , the door of the bank opened behind them . a figure stepped out , his silhouette dark , and a hood covering his face . newline newline  finally ,  he whispered ,  it s all according to plan . they ll never know how it happened .  newline newline with a maniacal laugh , umajorparadox removed his hood , and took the vacancy to become the  new   https : www.reddit.comrwritingpromptscomments3p9ysuottherightstuffacallformoderators  writingprompts mod . newline newline  newline newline by leo newlinei m a black man . proud of it . i ai nt one to go round blamin  folks for my lot in life . i know what it is , and by god s eye i accept it . but this time , they wrong .  it s just plain wrong this time . newline newline you can write about meaning , and sing about love and joy till your heart gives out . but to me , to a poor old nigga like me , life ai nt shit , and that s the truth . people.. people die everyday , people die everyday ... people get run over , shot in war , die of overdoses on the street , a stroke in their sleep . life do nt give a damn , she ll take you silent as the night without giving you a second thought . newline newline me ? newline newline i was comin  home from work , just mindin  my bidness . i m not a curious man by nature , but i know wrong when i see it . and i saw it . newline newline old tony lappelton from up george s way was beatin  and havin  his way with one of the alison girls . it was close to dark and i do take a peculiar route home , but i have no doubt it was an alison girl . they all pretty like , with blonde hair and blue eyes . newline newline anyways i got him ... i got him right by the back of the collar and started givin  him a righteous whoopin  , like any godfearing man would if he came across this test . newline newline the alison girl , well , she got up and made a dash for it . i do nt blame her . she s just a child , you see . she was all bloodied and cryin  , it only made me more angry . newline newline anyways , i m givin  ol  tony a working , i was a boxer in my younger days , and this filthy man had it comin  . newline newline right when i was finishing my punishment , these white folks , mean white folks , i know who they are . they re the ones here now tying this rope round my neck . they come running up , half of em in the back of danny johnson s pick up , hollerin  and cussin me like i m some animal . newline newline i know they know i did nt do it . everyone in this town knows tony  lady fingers  lappelton was prone to gettin  handsy after a few handshakes of whiskey . newline newline but ai nt surprised . ai nt scared neither . i knew this shit was happening  ... could happen . to me . and now it is . newline newline that s life , folks . she ai nt loyal to no one . she ll cut you down the moment you stop being ruthless and selfish for your own back . and she ll move on and cut another poor nigga  down without ever givin  you a second thought . newline newline i m lookin  at ol  tony now , big dirty smile on his guilty face . but i ai nt gon na give him the satisfaction of a dirty look . newline newline a poor old miner like me , i ai nt ever takin  a step down with these folk . newline newline ai nt that the truth .he stood staring at the beast at the entrance to the cave . it s chest slowly heaved up and down , it s eyes were closed , the fierceness , the ferociousness that had once occupied it s face were now gone . in fact , the beast s face looked relaxed , almost at piece . newline newline arkhale slowly moved forward . he felt a pang of anger well up from within his chest . how could the beast look so relaxed now . how could he be at peace after all the death , after all the fighting . newline newline  you do not deserve to rest now beast . you do not deserve this peace .  arkhale shouted .  wake now and finish this fight as it was begun . with power , with blood , with sacrifice .  newline newline the beast lay still though . it s breathing slowly becoming more labored . newline newline but the look on it s face . arkhale could not stand the look on it s face . newline newline  ah , i see it now beast . i see what you are doing . this is a trick ! you will wait until i approach and then you ll spit your venom . then your fire will rage .  newline newline arkhale reached to unsheath his sword . his fingers bloody from the beast s razor sharp scales , his arms weary from what seemed like years of battling this wretched beast . he raised his sword . newline newline  arkhale ,  the beast spoke at just a whisper ,  i am through arkhale , my purpose is filled .  newline newline  your purpose ?  arkhale questioned .  what purpose was that ? to destroy me . to kill my father , to take my family , to destroy my home , to lead me here to this godforsaken cave . i can promise you one thing . if your family is in that cave , if a beast like you even has a family , i will shortly slaughter them all .  newline newline  ah , arkhale , you never let me down .  the beast exhaled in relief . newline newline arkhale s anger raged . what game is this ? what was the beast getting at . he stared into it s eyes and slowly saw the beasts mouth turn to a gentle smile . newline newline  father ?  newline newline arkhale s heart stopped . a figure , a boy , stood at the entrance to the cave . newline newline  father ! you are finally here . the beast has finally brought you to us as he promised .  newline newline arkhale fell to his knees . his eyes welling up with tears .  what trick is this beast ? what poison have you scratched me with ? this is too much too bear .  newline newline two more figures appeared behind the boy and approached arkhale . newline newline  no trick arkhale . my purpose was to protect you and your family , to bring them here , to bring you here . you must guard the entrance to this cave after me . you must never let anyone else in . look now arkhale , look to the east .  newline newline before he even turned he heard it . he watched as the great city was destroyed . newline newline  now arkhale , you must go into the cave , it s the only way you and your family will survive .  newline newline  you ca nt leave the beast here to die daddy , you ca nt !  cried the boy . maga , grabbed the boy and girl and led them back into the cave . newline newline  you must go arkhale . you must go with your family now before it s too late . the destruction will cover all of these lands .  newline newline arkhale knelt beside the beast .  i do nt understand any of this beast . after all the fighting and destruction , i stand at the mouth of this cave with my family . it seems impossible .  newline newline  it was my purpose arkhale . i would have fought you for a thousand years to bring you here . now you must fulfill your purpose . go into the cave .  newline newline shouts came from behind arkhale as prince basidian and his men climbed over the final cliff . newline newline  go !  roared the dragon .  go now .  newline newline arkhale grabbed his family and pulled them inside . a strange sensation came over him as he stepped past the translucent black orb that stood at it s entrance . he turned for one final look at the beast . newline newline the beast gathered it s last bit of strength and spread it s mighty wings across the entrance of the cave . newline newline  step aside now beast or we will go through you .  shouted the prince .  step aside !  newline newline but it was too late , the last thing arkhale saw before being consumed by the cave was the white hot light of destruction pass over the prince and his army and the dragon s peaceful face as he turned to arkhale and nodded . newlineand so the man doth sayeth ,  you boys like mexico ?  newline newline  and the boys did not reply in their terror .  the crowd murmered in a unison . newline newline john was stuck in the fourth row to the back , by the guitar section , and the man wearing a bearfucker suit . he never went to these things , but recently he had been feeling a bit down , and decided it might be good for him . newline newline  oh look a bar of soap .  the man in the front of the congregation proclaimed , flourishing his arms in an exaggerated motion . newline newline  ho ho ho , i got you good you fucker !  the lead male in the choir shouted out , above the rest who quietly hummed . newline newline that was it , he was done . newline newline getting up , he waded through the isle , ignoring many grunts and irritated sighs , and slipped out the back door to head to his car . he honestly could nt stand another minute in that building . newline newline all around the lot , the cars had their traditional ursula blowup dolls and lights rigged up , and flapping in the wind . on closer inspection , many had their ceremonial johnny chimpo pendants hanging from their rearviews . newline newline as john sat down in his car and keyed the ignition , he watched silently as a man wrestled a large hog in front of the winnebago parked across the street . newline newline  i fucking hate the holidays . the new recruit paul came in carrying a thin blue book on his back . newline newline  what s that , see spot run ?  called carmen . carmen has the biggest and heaviest book of all of us because she reads the fastest , or so they say . the pages of her book cover her like a blanket . they are indistinguishable from her rolls of fat . carmen s been a sitter since i arrived . newline newline it became evident that paul would be a pacer , especially with a book that light . he opened it up . the first page was marked  0 .  curious , he flipped to the last page . it said  1 .  there were clearly pages in between . it looked like the previous owner had spilled coffee around the onefourth  ?  page . newline newline he flipped to the exact middle : a page marked  12 .  with his naive excitement , he removed his bookmark and started pacing around more while reading page pi4 . we were in awe watching him . he probably did nt notice it but he was slowly decelerating  the book must have been good for him to forget how to move . his eyes were fixed lingering on the last line . newline newline  so what happens next , big boy ?  carmen yelled over from her corner . newline newline the fresh blood looked frightened , and for the first time the smirk vanished from his face .  i do nt know ... .  he muttered . newline newline  well , just turn the damn page .  she demonstrated mockingly with one of her sheets . newline newline  i ca nt .  from where i was sitting , it looked like there were pages glued to the back of the pi4 page . newline newline he did nt like to linger on his embarrassment and instead haphazardly flipped to a page near the beginning .  this one s better anyway .  after a while :  what ! ! not the life support !  but when he reached the end of that page he looked just as dejected . he discreetly  discretely  tried to get closer and closer to the back of the page he was reading . but it was not long before he became a sitter just like the rest of us . newline newline carmen returned to reading after a while , she d been reading about queen elizabeth for the past couple hundred years . i m not sure what drove paul to go crazy . maybe it was carmen and her frequent page turns , maybe it was never getting to find out what happened next , but he eventually shut up . welcome to hell , paul . welcome . you re a mutha fucka .  newline newline mittens was sitting at the foot of my bed . in my blurred morning vision i made out the clock to read 5:00 am . newline newline  mittens , later . i need to sleep a little more ,  i pulled the blankets over my head . newline newline  ah hell nah !  his tiny paws bounced all over my legs . he caught the blankets in his jaw and shook them off of the bed .  for reals man ? mutha fucka cut my balls off ? are you serious right now ?  newline newline  that was like eight months ago ,  i groaned .  every dog gets neutered . you kept grinding on the lady dogs at the park , it was awkward for everybody involved .  newline newline  you gine ass bitch ,  his black beady eyes looked right into my soul .  nahhh man i m just playing with you .  newline newline mittens  tail wagged and he jumped off the bed , sprinting into the other room . down the hall i heard him shouting ,  we have so much to do today . the park . the car . the store . the park . the pool ?  newline newline i walked into the kitchen and opened the costco bag of kibble . the kibble pellets clinged and clanged as they filled the silver bowl . mittens sat there patiently and watched . newline newline  what do you think you re doing ?  his little neck craned to look up to me . newline newline  i m giving you breakfast ,  i gestured to the bowl . newline newline  ryan ,  he sighed .  today is the only day that i do nt have to eat this shit . have you ever tasted this stuff ? taste it right now . it s shit . over glorified shit with a picture of a smiling golden retriever on the bag , but i ll tell you : ai nt nobody smiling after tasting this shit .  newline newline  well , then , what do you want ?  newline newline  ham . all of the ham .  newline newline  we do nt have any ham .  newline newline  get you sorry ass shoes on , we re going to the store .  newline newline mittens  gray butt wriggled towards the door . we did end up going to the store to buy ham . in fact , we spent  45 on ham that day . it was better than last year when we communicated to me that he would only eat fresh alaskan salmon . newline newline on the way home we passed a mexican grill and the smell of steaming carne asada followed the car . newline newline  forget the ham  mittens announced with his nose hanging outside of the window .  forget . the . ham .  newline newline  they wo nt let dogs in there ,  i continued driving . newline newline  ryan , you sorry ass bitch . do you even comprehend the scarcity of life ? the harmony in which all living things share , singing together with the same fire burning in their hearts . a fire burning for nothing other than that fresh mutha fucking asada . do you understand ? i look into your sorry ass grey eyes and i do nt think you understand .  newline newline  i ll do through the drive through i guess .  newline newline when we finally reached the window to alberto de supreme i looked to mittens who had been patiently sitting , nose high in the air , like he had won some great argument . newline newline  what do you want ,  i looked to him . newline newline he sat silently for a moment , turned his entire body towards me , and looked me in the eyes .  ham ,  he whispered .my eyes open . i stand near a river bank . i don  t know whats going on , but i hear shouting . i turn toward the noise and see something i can  t quite make out . i run towards the commotion . when i get close enough i see that there is someone with a sword fighting two of my own people . one of them tries to move towards the swordsman , but his attempt leads him into the sharp end of the blade . he sinks to the ground as soon as the man pulls back his sword . i am enraged . every fiber within my being tells me to join the fight , to try to help them . i dash toward the swordsman , intending to grab his sword , but he dodges and my fingers glance off his shield instead . he stumbles backward before swinging his heavy sword toward me . i consider running away , but i would live in endless shame if i were to retreat from a fight . i take a few steps back . the swordsman uses the opportunity to swing his blade into my other comrade . the blow is more than he can handle . my brother falls to the ground and takes his final breath . i am the last standing in opposition to this horrid swordsman . he moves towards me and lifts his sword . i close my eyes and bolt towards him . i feel something heavy hit me right above my hip . sharp pain follows and blinds me momentarily . my eyes open . i stand near a river bank . i do nt know whats going on , but i hear shouting .she had returned from her latest deployment . the military had changed recently . soldiers were recycled out and placed into non combat positions as a precaution . however the legends still stalked the battle fields , those who were out there before the terrible revelation was finally accepted . newline newline she would be an alien , if pain staking effort was given to wipe away her identity and give a new one . super human  all the comic book milestones . war was waged much differently now . the very act excites an immediate arms race ascribing near god like powers to anyone lucky enough , brutal enough or well trained enough to kill . newline newline the new cold war raged quietly , as each nation assembled a pantheon of super soldiers . newline newline she had returned home to her family . her secret quiet and her mission to hide her awesome power . if she were to slip , he entire life would come crashing down  but what of her husband and 6 year old daughter ? she did this for them . she did this keep them out of a world where murder awards obscene power . newline newline out there , on the battlefied , she was unstoppable . simply wearing her mask and walking into the field of open artillery fire was enough to silence both sides . they ve seen her regenerate limbs before their eyes , they ve seen her crush men and armor with a psychic grasp , they ve seen her inspire men into berzerker demons . newline newline however here at home , she went grocer shopping and did laundry . such as today , as dinner simmered and her daughter played outside . newline  sweetie , dinner s on the table ! come in !  newline newline ignoring her summons , the daughter continued to stomp around in the yard and play . how funny , she thought , that the world bends on my call but i cant get a six year old girl to come inside for macncheese . newline newline  now sweetie , this is the last call or else no dessert  , she warned as she walked barefoot into the yard toward her daughter . newline newline  no ! no no no no ! ,  and a sudden crash of twisting metal , a snap of thunder and lingering gnarled cacophony of destruction erupted as her daughter tantrumed in the yard . newline newline  oh god ,  what she had thought was a car accident was instead something much more terrible . her daughter had spent the day  and untold others  squishing , burning , drowning and otherwise murdering a colony of ants . newline newline picking her daughter up , she thought of how to explain this to her superiors  they cant know of her daughter s power . newline newline newline  sweetie how about some ice cream instead ?  newline what are you , chicken ?  one taunted . newline newline  yeah ! chicken !  another jeered . newline newline  cluck cluck cluck !   said one more . newline newline  fine , i ll go ,  i said . newline newline  yeeehaaw !  they shouted . newline newline we were at the gate . numerous craters , since regrown with grass over the years , dotted the open expanse between us and the fort . newline newline i warmed up , determined to make it through . i got into a runner s stance like those really old posters showed . 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... newline newline i m off ! newline newline zap !  newline  newline where timmy was just standing one second before there was now only a fried ashen stump , burnt extra crispy , sizzling in the air . newline newline  huh ! i guess they do nt call it fort knocks for nuthin  !  newline newline  hahahahaha  newlineloralei wanted to speak with me after class . she said that it was regarding the essay she turned in to the writing prompt  what is love ? there was a look of deep concern on her face , so we sat down right after i announced to the last group of people about the change of my office hours and they left the lecture hall . newline newline i assumed that she wanted to speak with me because she turned an essay she previously turned in three weeks ago . newline newline instead , she laid her books down and told me that she did nt quite understand the last prompt . her voice cracked and her eyes welled up . she told me that she had asked her boyfriend to help with the assignment . they contemplated the meaning together  then realized that they had a lot of different values and could nt compromise to an agreement . they had broken up . i felt horrible . she insisted that she tell me what i was expecting from the assignment . so i gave her an answer : newline newline  oh , sweetie . love  newline newline love can be a lot of things . newline newline a beautiful unity between people where happiness blooms every second . whether it s to one person or to 50 , well , that s up to you . newline newline a tragedy that will absolutely ruin you and possibly another person s life . it can eat away at your mind , your heart , your soul . sometimes love can be like that . newline newline or it can be a melancholy bitterness . perhaps a moment where you realize that you care so much for another person , but you do nt fit into their lives so you know you have to leave them to be . or even a moment where you re sitting with someone you believe that you love and you think  i could do so much better  . newline newline an eternal chase , maybe ? where the human quest for perfection can never be realized because there s always more that can be improved on . or maybe even worse , an eternal chase for love that can never be quenched because of jealousy or hatred . but hopefully an eternal chase for love because you simply want to share yourself with many . newline newline it can be none of these . or it can be all of these . or bits and pieces that you believe you want or need . newline newline love can be whatever you want , sweetie . but whatever you make it out to be , just remember that it s up to you and no one else . it will always be your choice , no matter how hard someone tries to change that .  newline newline she stared at me blankly and sniffled , her cheeks red from rubbing away tears . she said she still did nt understand , but that it helped her feel better to hear someone else s answer . then she was gone . newline newline dammit , that was nt the point at all . thinking that , though , i feel like a hypocrite .bob attempted to wiggle his fins , but found he was so stiff he could not move . why was he so sore ? every muscle in his small body ached , his scales hard and immobile . newline newline preoccupied by his aching body , he failed to notice the once , glistening blue water that he had called home seemed less vibrant now  grey and smudged , like the reflection of a japanese fishing boat on the surface . newline newline he struggled for what seemed like hours , his mind writhing around in the prison that was his immobile body . why he whispered to himself . he struggled to remember what had gotten him here , how he could have gotten here . newline newline paralyzed , he let his mind wander through his last memories . he was traveling on an adventure through the seas ! with his cousin and his best friend the mermaid  what was her name ? alana ? ariana ? arie newline newline copyright newline newline large ominous letters cut off his train of thought , floating in front of his eyes . gazing at them , he noticed how grey the water had becoming , adding to his growing panic . newline newline  what  what  what are you ?  he asked the bizarrely floating shapes . he had no idea what they were and yet  he could understand them . but he could not decipher their meaning . he continued to ask if questions , begging for some answer to which it did not reply . newline newline bob attempted to scream , but could not move his lips . he was merely a flounder , a simple sea fish . he had no claim to fame , he was not a character but rather a living being , just trying to get the most out of his 5 years of life . what was this grey sea he sat in , what was this  copyright  ? what was his life ? newline newline was this his story , to die here ? newline newline and then , staring at the shapes floating in the water , unable to move he realized  this was his story . he was a story . he was a figment of imagination for some 7 year old girl , a token character placed in a story that was not the author s own . he had been born into a universe that was not his . newline newline while his cousin and his cousin s mermaid friend had gone onto live their tale in an brighter , cleaner ocean far away  he was here . in a sea of paper , surrounded by ideas that were owned by another  and so fiercely protected that this  copyright  seemed to prevent them from being mentioned , even in the deepest corners of his mind . newline newline what was his life now ? was he doomed to float here immobile , waiting for his young god to come back to the page ? why had she done this ? was his story so foul that she had forgotten about him ? would he float here forever until eventually the graphite melted together , leaving him as little more than a smudge . newline newline if he could have shed a tear , he would have . for now , he had nothing else to do but sit here , and pray that one day , someway somehow , that little girl would return .the devil slowly strode around the empty fire pits and lovingly brushed his hand along the polished brass safety rail . once these had all been full of screaming souls , but it had been a long time since they d been busy enough that they had needed indiscriminate punishment , recently it had all been bespoke . newline newline back in the day it had been thick crowds of people , hoarded through the doors and then stacked in huge suffocating piles , until they could be spiked and thrown into a fire pit , or a cauldron of oil or any one of the millions of the mass punishments they operated . newline newline that was in the past now , for a long time it had been down to less than one soul a month and in the last year no one at all had pushed through the gates , trembling with terror as the huge gouts of flame roared to the ceiling . a few weeks ago he d had one of his lesser demons actually switch off the main furnace for a few days , there just did nt seem to be much point in keeping it on . newline newline he wandered on and spent several hours slowly moving through the rack room , lovingly inspecting each rack , but knowing it would be in perfect order . in their prime there had been fields of humans screaming for mercy , but now they all sat empty . it just did nt feel right to be here without the wailing , he missed the wailing . newline newline there had been so much time for maintenance in the last few centuries , everything was repaired , cleaned and more often the smell of brimstone was overpowered by lemon pledge . he d have preferred to leave it grimy but with so many demons he had to keep them busy . the repairs had kept them going for a few millennia , but even that work had been completed and with so few coming through the door and their punishments being able to be so precise , there just was nt the need for mass punishments any more . newline newline with a final shake of his head , the devil extended huge , leathery , red wings from his back and took off , flapping up and towards his castle , feeling the strain of flight without the thermals from all the flames , that used to aid his flying . newline newline he reached the huge doors of his throne room , folded back his wings and pushed them open  they did nt even creak any more . the vast room was large enough to accommodate thousands , it used to be too small , but now the only demon in there was azroz , his valet , who waited for him by his throne . newline newline slumping down he summoned azroz to him .  what s the news ?  he tried to keep his voice hopeful , but it was a lost battle . newline newline  uh ... i m afraid there has been no change , i have read the runes and the balance on earth is still currently overwhelmingly balanced towards ... erm ... upstairs .  the little demon shuffled nervously .  my lord , we ve laid off so many demons lately , but there are still a few who remain and it seems pointless to keep them on any more . they suffer from great boredom .  newline newline the devil looked at azroz sadly .  you re right , who do we have left ?  newline newline azroz consulted his list .  well , nzerachron the despoiler is still here .  newline newline the devil clicked his fingers .  gone  newline newline azroz cleared his throat and crossed off a name .  mrrrrkrum the bloody .  newline newline the devil hesitated  boy , mrrrrkrum was something in his prime , i ve never seen a human skinned so fast .  he sighed and shaking his head , clicked his fingers . newline newline azroz hesitated .  well , that s the last of the demon princes my lord , that just leaves the service imps , you and ... er ... me .  newline newline the devil nodded , distractedly .  i just did nt see it coming azroz , really , i was so blind to it .  newline newline the little demon moved from foot to foot nervously .  my lord ?  newline newline  those religious nut jobs with their fancy new religion . i kind of ignored them , not seeing that they did nt care so much about the story , but the were making people be better . i thought it would go the way of all religions  war , suffering , hypocrisy and more work for us . by the time i spotted that the crowds in the entrance halls were getting smaller , they d managed to erect that antidemon barrier and after that we were just fucked .  newline newline azroz reached up and bravely patted the devil s leg .  maybe we should have never let the souls go after they had served their time ?  newline newline the devil shook his head .  no , we had to obey the rules , they served their time and needed to be released . the game was played out and it looks like we lost , no point putting it off .  he clicked his fingers and azroz suddenly seemed to stretch and bend , compressing and elongating with a meaty crunching noise as his body was liquidated and then disappeared with a faint pop . the devil shook his head again .  goodbye old friend .  newline newline it did nt take long to scratch out a message , just in case anyone in the future happened to wander by hell and he hung it on the gate  hell abandoned , due to lack of work . if you have been bad then please damn yourself .   newline newline he took took last look around and smiled . it had been a good run , he d served his purpose and now it was time to end . he raised his claws and prepared for one final click , when from somewhere behind him a faint thump caught his attention . newline newline curious , he turned and found a naked man sprawled on the ground . after a moment the man slowly moved and looked up to see the devil standing over him , tall , red and terrifying . he scrambled away , looking around in a panic .  where am i ? oh no , is this hell ?  newline newline the devil paused , considering .  well , yes ...  newline newline the man broke into tears .  no !  i tried so hard but they ve made the rules impossible to follow since the changes !  he collapsed into a sobbing heap . newline newline the devil moved forward and crouched by the man , letting him get it out . he tried to make his voice kindly .  tell me , what rules did they change ?  newline newline the man looked up .  you do nt know ? the reformation rules just went into effect today  i was reading them and then walked outside and got hit by a car and now i m ... i m ... here !  newline newline the devil stood , stroking his beard , curious .  reformation ? interesting .  newline newline  yeah .  the man snivelled  loads of things that were fine before are now mortal sins .  newline newline in the corner of his eye , the devil saw a small puff of dust as another person plummeted and then impacted in the reception area . he stood and slowly backed up , surreptitiously pulling the sign from the gate .  well there you go , a reformation ! humans always manage to find a way to keep things interesting .  newline newline now the sound of more bodies landing could be heard , like a gentle rain and somewhere wailing had begun . already a dozen or so people were shuffling forwards , towards the devil , their fear clear and eyes wide . a smile crept back onto his face and he turned pushing the gates open  it seemed he was back in business . newlinetyrell stood at the foot of tearpoint tower , better known as the citadel of misery , lair of the single most powerful man on earth . once celebrated as the founder of selfreplicating nanorobotics , which he termed the golden robots for a golden age , now edward kingston was living proof that in every person is a tyrant held back not by morality but lack of opportunity . his reign of terror began a mere six weeks after the creation of these robots when he destroyed the entire city of beijing , once the most populous city on earth , by detonating a multitude of hydrogen bombs right in the city centre . people claimed the mushroom cloud could be seen from tokyo . since that fateful day he had quickly taken control of the globe , opressing and exterminating until every man woman and child were under his rule . it was a harsh rule at that , monthly culling of the elderly had become just a matter of life now while every country was forced into abject poverty , all to continue building this monstrosity : the citadel of misery . newline newline no one was safe , not when the air you breathe could be tainted with tiny machines , not when your every move was under constant observation . no one ... except tyrell , the proud owner of the only portable emp generator on earth . now here he stood , in front of the largest man made structure in history . the complex itself spanned over almost 10 thousand square kilometres , tapering into a peak that , at 3 kilometres in height , was easily the tallest man made structure in history . such a massive building yet only one inhabitant . well , it was time for that to change . luckily tyrell knew exactly where edward would be , a megalomaniac like that could nt stand to be anywhere but the very top . newline newline  newline newline it was a much more bedraggled tyrell that approached the door to the overlords room . strangely it was not at the top of the spire but the base he had squatted which confused tyrell , what then was the point of the spire ? swinging the massive oaken doors revealed a spacious , comfortably furnished room of natural woods and soft colours . an immense window showed the amazing contrast with the concrete and faded metal of the spire . dozing in a leather armchair was a slightly bedraggled man with a shock of unkempt blonde hair drifting over his eyes . here was the overlord of earth , destroyer of nations , lord of mankind , the man who had extinguished over six billion souls . he did nt exactly look the part . newline newline as tyrell approached the man , drawing the gun he had taken from his dying mothers hands , the overlord snuffled then woke . shaking hair free from his face he rubbed bleary eyes , squinting at this intruder . spotting the gun the man let out a sigh . newline newline  put that away will you ?  newline newline tyrell was not to be dissuaded . he knew what he must say . newline newline  i have come to end your tyranny over the people of earth . for too long innocent lives have been cut short by your reign of terror . prepare to meet   newline newline  oh shut up .  the overlord waved a hand lazily in tyrell s direction . before he could blink restraints emerged from the floor , snapping around his ankles as the gun was ripped from his fingers by some invisible force .  i am so tired of those theatrics .  newline newline tyrell struggled valiantly , he was the last hope for freedom , he could not fail . his limbs remained unresponsive but his voice was still  you will never get away with this ! the people of earth will make you answer for your crimes against humanity .  newline newline another lazy gesture and some invisible force seemed to strike tyrell in the chest , driving the air from his lungs . newline newline  please do shut up . i hardly ever get sleep these days and you have given me a headache .  newline newline tyrell spluttered for a while before he was able to speak again .  of course ,  cough cough  your dark deeds weigh upon you ,  cough  there is no escaping the evil of your crimes  . newline newline  well of course there is nt . but it was all nescessary do nt you see ? after beijing   newline newline  the first innocent victims to your tyranny .  newline newline sighing , the overlord shuffled over to a computer on the wall , speaking over his shoulder as he did . newline newline  innocent victims yes , but not of me i am afraid . oh yes everything afterwards was me , but not that .  a sad smile tweaked across his face for a moment .  what happened to them began this whole affair .  newline newline tyrell was silent . what game was this man , this demon in human skin , trying to play ?  you deny destroying beijing ?  newline newline  yes . yes i do . in fact , the true end of beijing came at the hands of a colleague of mine , ye wenjie , when she overloaded her prototype fusion reactor .  newline newline  you lie ! no reactor could have created an explosion that size ! it was visible from tokyo !  newline newline the overlord typed for a few seconds before responding .  it was nt just the reactor . ye was lucky enough to cause an ignition , but even that was nt entirely enough to completely destroy it .  newline newline  destroy what ?  newline newline  this .  with a flourish the overlord swept his hand , a section of the wall opening to reveal ... a faintly purple gas , hanging in a tank . newline newline end of part 1after defeating a camp of native savages and telling the love of his life that he would one day return , the cowboy  let s call him bill  rode off into the sunset . newline newline the fiery sun beamed down on our hero s eartoear grin . for the first time in his life , he felt fulfilled . he was a hero . a hundred years from now men would be writing books about his glorious adventures . he was confident about this . newline newline but a thought interrupted these fantasies . an unwelcome thought . and his grin turned to a grimace . what if he was nt the hero ? newline newline of course he was . he had helped clear out a camp of savages to make room for more civilized folk . bill had taken that land for god s people , and god thanked him . these reassurances brought that grin back into goodolebill s face . newline newline newline and the sack of indian heads that thumped around on the horse s back would fetch good money from the government back in california .belchin magwa  silver arms   newline newline my men looked upon me as a madman , yet they still took my orders . they would nt of understood even if i explained . they were ignorant like that . but still my faithful soldiers . newline newline iron jacket and little fish took the lead into each hall , they both had an eye for the enemy . we approached the final door , the one . i felt the power from behind rip into my mind like a piece of paper . it was magical . it was prodding my memories , my thoughts and the information i had . it found nothing threatening about me . i was nt scared of it , i was fascinated . newline newline the door opened just as it let go of my mind . some of the soldiers took a few steps back , the ones who did nt know much about grell technology . that s when the gunfire started . i turned to find my butchered . they were in pieces . chunks , the more i thought about it . he was standing there . the demon . his long arm hit me through the door . i embraced it . it fed on me . i became apart of it . i am it . newline newline chyu  the red arm demon   newline newline it was sickening . but it had to be done . i had a job to do , well , i should count it as leisure . slicing those pretentious , stuck up , assholes gave me great pleasure . and this was my chance to do it again . newline newline i caught the sense again . hand moisturizer . is it really him ?  i thought to myself . the swordsmen ?  the idea of fighting and killing the best weapon the white dragons had was an exhilarating feeling . though as i got closer my feeling was changing . it was nt my doing , i had my heart set , it was something else . newline newline stop it said . newline newline i had an urgent temptation to stop in my tracks . very tempting . i kept going though , the urge to wipe the smug smile off the white dragons was enough . newline newline i said stop !  it screeched . i fell to knees . my screams echoed the entire hall . i would nt be surprised if the white dragons heard me . my vision was turning dark , the hall was turning dimmer . but it was nt just my vision , it felt as though my conscious was being trapped . cutting off any access to my limbs . the blackness was still pushing inwards even after it got control . newline newline an unknown time later i felt its hold weaken . i took this opportunity to push back . i used all my will to get this black sludge off my mind . going so far as to use the memories that give me anger and regret as leverage . it was gone . my vision had returned . and all i saw was red chunks and ... ... him . sliver hands . it was instantaneous , i could nt let see the opportunity go to waste . i curled my mutant heritage and swung at him just as he turned around . i sent him hurtling through the door into darkness . newline newline charles brand  y148  newline newline they were funny . newline newline the little ones i meant . newline newline not the big ones , they always scared me . even before the  thing  happened . newline newline there were a couple of different pieces on the chess board that day . usually there would of been a couple of brown markers running about . i was nt aloud to play with a lot of them , only a few smaller markers . the big ones controlled the rest . but that day there were about twenty little white soldier pieces running in formations ... apart from one . newline newline there was a weird gray and white one . it looked like a knight piece , apart form the helmet , which looked severed off . then another was approaching them . it looked like a fragile glass ball wrapped in a violent , jagged , red tentacle . newline newline the gray and white one seemed interested in talking to me . the big ones would nt of liked it , but i opened it up . it cared for the other white pieces deeply . the glass ball was getting closer to the white pieces . the glass ball began to flare with fire , shaking and scratching the board . i decided to open it up and ... .. it was a mess . many of its strings contradicted each other . it wanted equality and yet felt nothing but prejudice towards the white pieces . and it seemed excited about hurting the gray piece . i tried to stop it . but it shut suddenly and ran in the direction of the other pieces . no matter how much i shut out its thoughts , its body kept going . newline newline it used its hatred and anger to burn me off . right after breaking all the white pieces . the glass ball knocked the gray piece through my board . newline newline i have nt played with it since .sir richard clamoured out of the bentley with laboured breath . he was sweating heavily down his back and around his neck , but the rain provided welcome relief  now he was uncomfortable all over . newline newline hurst hill hall stood ominous ahead . in the lower classes such a structure would have an effect ranging from slight unease to nervousness , but sir richard doubled over in dread . newline newline he could not bear to open his eyes . newline newline hands pulled at his arms , breaking them away from his chest , and hoisting him into a functional posture . from their strength and quiet breath sir richard knew them as the guards . newline newline  thank you .  he squeaked . he felt a headache coming on from lack of oxygen . newline newline  you re okay my lord , just a tad further and we ll be at the door .  one of them cooed . although they were required to do so under their employment contract , sir richard liked to think they at least looked at him with pity , if not a swelling compassion , and that their assurances were genuine . such emotions were luxuries the rich had no time to enjoy . newline newline a few steps further and the guard spoke again . newline newline  we re going to knock on the front door now , my lord .  newline newline sir richard nodded his head violently , eyes scrunched up . he felt the guards tender hands cover his ears , and press tight , creating a suction of pressure . they were so close that he inhaled her perfume . hibiscus , he guessed . newline newline  is he ready ?  the other guard questioned . he could hear the dull and uncaring tone in her voice . newline newline  ready .  newline newline the stern guard grabbed the large brass knocker and rammed it once against the door . a staggered noise of terror escaped sir richard . the scented guard held tight as he pulled her down into a squat . he could hear his heart pump like one of those antiquated steamboats paddling at full power . he could here hers too , imploring him to set his beat by her own . he heard the ripping of velcro , and sure enough a brown paper bag crinkled against his mouth . newline newline  breath , my lord .  newline newline  oh , for heaven s sak  newline newline the main door creaked open . newline newline  ah , sir rrich ... ard ! wwwonder ... ful .  newline newline a reed of a man in the same state of finery as sir richard cowered in the doorway . his peppered moustache pointed true east to west , eyes unfortunately recessed for his status , so much so that he made a point of widening them to the brink of tears for the scrutiny of his colleagues . newline newline the scented guard pulled sir richard to his feet . newline newline  peter ! i trust you are well ?  a sentiment that made the stern guard hide a smirk . newline  yyes , of ccourse.  newline  and you  sir richard gulped ,  inspected the body ?  newline newline peter couldn  t reply . the stern guard lay her hand gently but firmly on his shoulder . he jumped slightly . she gave him an encouraging look . he cleared his throat . newline newline  mmarina will ttake you to seehim.  newline newline  newline newline marina the scented guard led him up to the tower . her arm curled around his , offering support and calm . she hummed in a low and lulling key , and smiled warmly when he took glances at her . he would need her skills if he was to survive his ordeal of inheritance . newline newline his great uncle had been the wealthiest man in all great britain . his shrieks were heard across the moors and farmlands on the darkest nights , raising the fortunes of all it reached , for no one could ever shake the dread it carried . it was a deciding factor in sir richard  s own principle source of status  ligyrophobia . newline newline marina leaned into him as she opened the creaking door . sir richard focused on her scent and hum . he thought about planting a hibiscus garden for his next estate renovation . newline newline  his heart rate is stable .  marina relayed through her walkie talkie . she had been taking his pulse from the moment they had started the climb . the voice of the stern guard crackled back . newline newline  video feeds are up , we re going live in two minutes .  newline newline sir richard s focus broke as his gaze drifted naturally to the tarpaulin . it was the most offending and out of place object of fear in the room , the thought of it s crunch making him squirm . marina led him to it . newline newline it . that is what his great uncle now was . as often as he could in childhood , usually from the silence of an intensive care ward after a particularly gruelling conditioning , he had wondered about the order of things . those kindly nurses and their songs were always hurried away before he could feel too calm . they always came back around though , sneaking him smiles and chocolates . newline newline  my lord ?  newline newline he and marina were knelt beside ... it . the blinking red light of the camera surveyed him  his peers and their proxies ready to pass judgement . he looked at marina , and though she was not permitted to look at him now , her head was bowed low enough that the camera could not notice her eyes straining sideways to meet his . newline newline  my great uncle has done me a service ,  he murmured ,  if i survive this i may never have to scream again .  newline newline  why are you telling me  newline newline  i should very much like to hire you .  sir richard stuttered . newline newline marina smiled sweetly . she pulled back the tarpaulin . newline newline the corpse of sir john dodson was one wasted by the constant adrenaline flushing into his system . a fate he and many like him brought on themselves for the sake of fortune . his sullen face was stuck in permanent terror , shrieking silently into the soul . to say that sir richard s terrified screams before he lost consciousness rivalled that of his uncle s is a gross understatement . newline newline newline a less ridiculous society could not have made a dog two towns over richer than his master . newline newline newline newlinelilly stood outside her car , staring in . she leaned over and checked the back seat . empty . she went around to the back hatch and popped it open . empty . she closed it and turned back to her security monitors on the garage wall . again , the household and all of it s surroundings appeared to be completely desolate . she even had one peering down the streets in both directions , and had essential infrared detection throughout the property . newline newline she tried , she really did , to assume some emotional control this time . it had happened so many times by now that she wondered if she d ever feel safe again . she popped the handle on the door , swung into her seat and started the engine . for a full minute she waited . reluctantly , she backed out of the garage slowly , finally her rear tire reached pavement . and suddenly the world went bright yellow . with a funch , her purse and sunglasses on the passenger seat beside her were crushed by the sudden appearance of a man clad in camouflaged battle gear as he dropped in through the sunroof . his parachute draped over the entire car . quickly he swatted the clips on his shoulders and ripped his face mask off , revealing his stern brow and chiseled features , freshly damaged from intense hand to hand combat . newline newline  pardon maam , special agent hans do  before he could finish his sentence , something along the lines of save the earth , follow this blinking light  she presumed , she had flipped open the security panel she d installed on the dash and slammed down on the bright red button beneath it . immediately 45,000 volts coursed through the frame of the passenger seat . the man s body convulsed and wrenched around chaotically for several seconds as the charge ran its course , she could see his eyelid blinking about 70 times a second . finally the charge dissipated , his twitching stopped . a furl of smoke plumed out of his nostril as he lay collapsed onto the dash , eyes rolled up into his head . with a grunt , she leaned over to the door handle , popped it , and gently pushed the unconscious man out onto the sidewalk . she lamented the sunglasses , momentarily , before backing the rest of the way out of her drive and pulling onto the highway . at least , today , they d had the decency to get it out of the way first thing , almost thoughtful even .knock , knock newline newline those words , usually paired with each other , strange that they re the same . knock here and knock there , you may hear a knock everywhere . even alone bumbs and knocks and raps and taps sound their tolls . its strange these sounds , how familiar they seem , on a chamber door , or chestnut floor , you know the familiar score . newline newline knock knock . newline newline faster now , no space now , its a race now . oh me oh my , you can hear the sound of knocking at the door . but as you hear the sound of here , the whispered nevermore , the smell of pine does tickle your spine . the sound again but more intense , the rap and tap are now a shlump and bump . a scrape and shlump , and a shock and bump as you hear . newline newline knock knock knock newline newline that damned sound again , the knock and scream , but not a source . you chest tightens , your bed lightens , your knuckles whiten . its getting hard to breath . newline newline knock bang newline newline your fist hurts , your knuckles burst , and begin to bleed . and as you lay , down in your grave , in your piney box , some words come to mind . newline newline knock knock .6:00 a.m. newline newline jack bauer pulls at the handle of the ctu office in washington , dc . newline the door does nt open . the man pulls on the handle again , more insistently . the door does nt open . newline newline 6:01 a.m. newline newline rolling his tongue briefly against his inner cheek , the man turned and faced away at the street , as the city began to slowly creep awake from the quiet night . jack opens up his cellphone and checks his calender . newline  shit .  the man cursed under his breath , briefly palming at his mouth as the realization dawned over him .  fucking ... fucking bank holidays .  newline newline 6:30 pm newline newline jack bauer sits alone in his car , then briefly checks at his watch . leaning back into his seat , he exhaled with frustration as the seconds ticked into minutes . opening up his cellphone again , he dialed out . newline newline chloe picked up the phone .  jack .  newline newline  are you sure we re not supposed to be working ? i know it s a bank holiday , but terrorists will be looking at this as an opportunity to strike .  newline newline  we ve been shelved for the day . our international allies will be taking over for the duration of the day . try to relax , jack . you ve earned at least one day off .  newline newline jack fretted .  okay . bye .  newline newline  bye .  newline newline 6:35 newline newline jack bauer drove his car , coming to a red light . a suspicious individual stood at the crosswalk , eyeing jack briefly before taking a bite out of a sandwichpaper wrapped hoagie . jack checked his watch again , then glanced up at the red light . newline newline 6:36 newline newline the light remained red . jack groaned , tapping his hands against the steering wheel .  come on !  he yelled . the sandwich man pressed the crosswalk button and slowly made his way across the crosswalk , taking another bite out of his sandwich . newline newline 6:37 newline newline the light turns green . jack bauer drives away . newline newline 6:40 newline newline jack parks at a drivethrough . he checks his watch and orders a ham croissant . the man parks his car towards the back of the building and eats the croissant . tears begin to well in his eyes . newline newline 6:44 newline newline finished with his croissant and half of his soda , jack slumps against the steering wheel and checks his watch . seconds dramatically turn into minutes . newline newline 7:00 newline newline jack sits on a park bench , throwing bits of seeds at nearby birds . an old woman attempts to show him pictures of her grandniece . jack s face remains resolute , deadpan , lacking emotion in a cold and professional manner . the woman frowns at him and goes back to feeding her birds . newline newline 7:30 newline newline jack stands in the path of a sprinkler , his face distraught . he checks his watch . a frisbee thrown by nearby teenagers hits him in the chest . he glances up and sighs , throwing it back after a few moments of contemplation . newline newline 7:45 newline newline with his military training and honed physique , jack has cornered the game of frisbee toss with brutal and efficient backhand tosses that get ridiculous airtime . the man allows himself a smile , feeling a warmth in his chest that he had nt felt in some time . newline newline 8:00 newline newline jack sits on the hood of his car enjoying the sun . leaning back against the warm hood , he ca nt help but observe the passing white fluffy clouds as they re painted by the glorious sunrise . a smile creeps across the trained killer s face . newline newline 8:30 newline newline jack sits in his apartment reading the fault in our stars . the man wipes at his eyes with a napkin . newline newline 9:00 newline newline jack continues to sit in his apartment , reading the fault in our stars . newline he closes the book and sits , arms folded on top of each other on the end of his kitchen table . he stares off into the distance with a haunted expression . newline newline 9:45 newline newline jack bauer stands and goes to use the restroom . newline newline 10:00 newline newline jack fidgets with the blinds of his apartment window , only to break them and in a frustrated act , pull them down and throw them onto the floor , startling a hawk outside of the window . mesmerized by the hawk , jack fumbles to remove his cellphone to take a picture , but ends up quickdrawing and throwing the phone against and through the glass to the street below , thanks to his strengthened core and arm strength . newline newline the man screams and curses , briefly leaning over the rail to stare at his intact phone in the street as it s scooped up and destroyed by a roadsweeper . the man presses his hands against his temples and lets out a loud , agonized groan . newline newline 11:15 newline newline jack uses his laptop and landline to call a  tt to get through and get a new phone as per his contact . he gets connected to a robot , and after several frustrating minutes , manages to get connected to a customer service agent in a kandahar office . newline newline 11:45 newline newline jack bauer confirms at last his contract information and is promised a new phone . hanging up with a frown , jack answers the ringing phone moments later and is asked to fill out a survey using the touchtone keypad . jack hangs up . newline newline the man slumps onto his laptop , his cheek mushed against the keyboard . the man checks his watch . seconds dramatically transform into minutes . newline newline the man slowly rights himself and connects to hulu via his laptop . newline newline 12:00 newline newline peter griffin throws a right jab , connecting with ernie the giant chicken s beak as the two fight precariously on a suspended section of steel rebar at a skyscraper construction site in providence . the rebar swings wildly , smashing through a neighboring building s window and sending the two men tumbling into a chef s recently prepared wedding cake . newline newline peter and the chicken fight through a horrified wedding reception and into an elevator , where they wait civilly for the elevator to reach the lobby floor , where the fight resumes . newline newline jack exhales air through his nostrils and smirks . newline newline 2:00 newline newline jack wakes up from a nap at his desk and closes his laptop . scratching at his adam s apple , the man rises to his feet and wanders into the kitchen . lunch is a precooked white castle hamburger . the man eats it , staring at his broken window . newline newline 2:05 newline newline jack sits on his apartment sofa , staring at a television that is nt turned on . he checks his watch . newline newline 2:06 newline newline jack turns on the television . steve harvey shakes his head incredulously and wipes his face with a handful of cards . the words butt stuff  is the first listed survey response on the board . the two families are beside themselves , with two old women standing at the podium barely able to stifle their laughter . newline newline 2:15 newline newline jack switches the channel to fox news and leans forward . newline newline it is time , initiate ,  magus artinsan said to me . newline newline i stood up , immediately coming to attention .  initiate ?  i asked . i d had no rank , had been considered , until now apparently , barely more than a tourist come to gawk at the miracles of the mage s tower . i d made it my life s mission to join their ranks , and by artinsan s words it seemed that time was close at hand . newline newline magus artinsan did nt seem happy . he just nodded solemnly .  yes . the archmage has called for you . today is the day of your initiation .  newline newline without further explanation , artinsan left the room . without any real preparation , i followed after him . i did nt want to seem overeager , though i was , it was more that i d never seen the archmage . i did nt even know where in the sprawling impossible tower he  or she , i supposed  resided . artinsan was my only guide , and his mood seemed to only darken as we walked . newline newline as much as i wanted to just leave him alone , lest he change his mind , i had to know what was going on .  where is the archmage ?  i asked , carefully concealing my lack of knowledge regarding who the archmage was . newline newline artinsan made what i thought was a grumbling noise .  i will bring you there . you would be advised not to let your mind wander . you would be advised to remember all that you have learned about your own mind . you would be well advised to remember exactly that .  newline newline his emphasis seemed strange . i was nt sure if he was subtly trying to tell me something : i had nt done much study on the nature of my mind , except for the basic defensive techniques and meditation i d studied . i had nt exactly had teachers , either . i needed to know more . newline newline  what does the initiation ... involve ?  i ventured . newline newline this time artinsan s displeasure was not subtle at all .  i can not tell you ,  he said sharply .  and i do not mean that it is forbidden for me to tell you . an initated magus is not able to communicate what the initiation is . only the archmage can do that , and  he cut himself off abruptly . newline newline  and what ?  i probably should nt have asked , probably should have trusted that artinsan s selfcensorship was done for a reason . newline newline  and not all survive .  he said , and i finally realized that artinsan s attitude was nt one of irritation . he was , rather , deeply worried . newline newline before i could ask more , we arrived at a doorway . i d explored the areas of the tower that i was allowed in extensively , and i d been paying attention even during my conversation with artinsan . we d never left the paths i d followed before , and yet the door was wholly unfamiliar . intricate runes in patterns i d never seen anywhere in my studies lined every inch of it , leaving almost no hint of the stone it seemed to be constructed of . newline newline i turned to ask artinsan more , but he was gone . no , i was gone : no longer was i looking at the door from the outside . i was on the other side of the door , looking at the same patterns i d seen before . had artinsan teleported me here ? i d never seen him use such a power , but the magi as a whole tended to keep the exact extent of their powers a secret . newline newline  krintan .   a voice spoke , and i turned around  or i was turned around , i was nt entirely sure . newline newline a man sat  no , a woman sat  no , a man sat  in the center of the room , legs folded underneath her . her young gaze met mine , and he spoke : newline newline  krintan . atok .   she spoke again , and the words of power washed through my mind . i did nt even know how i knew they were words of power , but the fact of their reality was innate in the words themselves , and could not be denied . newline newline  trintok .   he said , his weary gaze on me , her wrinkled face scrunched in curiosity . a mist began to gather in the room . newline newline  archmage ,  i said , and my voice seemed puny next to his , my body minuscule in light of her massive presence .  my name is  newline newline  railint  he said , and it was my name . not the one my parents had given me : she spoke my true name , the one i did nt even know i d had until now . newline newline hisher body mirrored mine now , even though it looked nothing like me .  sindarnorn .   they said , and the mist gathered : newline newline i welcome you . you are here to become ?  newline newline words , floating in the mist , gone the moment i d read and comprehended them . newline newline  i , um ,  i said , momentarily stunned . this seemed paltry in terms of what a mage was supposed to be capable of , but the raw power of the words the archmage was speaking kept hammering my mind .  to become a magus ?  i managed to ask .  yes . i ve been studying for years .  newline newline his gaze , that of a child , seemed sorrowful beyond its age .  tromorn . nestrok . newline endotar .   newline newline we will journey . you will come to learn language . you will be changed . you may die . you may live . you may become much more than you once were , and you may become much less . only change is guaranteed .  newline newline  and then ...  i trialed off .  i ll be like you ? or like artinsan ?  newline newline  poronotentikokik  she said , her wizened gaze flaring . newline newline i am fluent . your journey will end . mine can not , while i live , and death will not come for me .  newline newline i shivered , but his gaze softened . then , my own gaze greeted me , and the archmage spoke one final word :  ao .  newline newline begin . we lived side by side spending our days joined at the hips so much so people thought we were brothers . my skin was covered in them by the time i was 12 while he hadn  t got a single mark yet , i was slightly envious of his clear skin that impressed people for a boy his age . when i asked him how he did it , he simply shrugged and said anything was possible with a slight grin . his vague reply made me more jealous , sure i lied more than most kids my age but most of the lies were petty and insignificant that i didn  t think twice about . plus , the marks i got didn  t hurt one bit so it just sorta added up after a while . newline newline then childhood ended and i moved away right before i started highschool . we didn  t really keep in contact with each other like how most kids promise but never do . it wasn  t any different with us , by the time my 20s came around he was just a hazy childhood friend i had all but forgotten about . newline newline it was blistering hot that day , too hot to wear anything but short sleeves and pants . i hated wearing those types of clothes , while most people  s scars were skinny and faded into their skin . mine had become more gashed and discolored as i grew older , i was one of the unlucky ones whose skin healed badly to these marks . just genetics they told me . newline newline i was walking back from the bus stop when i saw him in front of me , his clear pale skin devoid of any scars got my attention first before i saw his face . when i looked up at his face that  s when i recognized him , i called out his name and waved slightly at him . his face looked blank for a moment before lighting up in recognition as well . his pasty lips smiled at me and called me over , while we caught up all i could notice was how unblemished his arms and legs looked . scars usually showed up first on your limbs before covering your whole body . newline he must have noticed my gawking and laughed a bit before telling me to not trust your first impressions . i was confused by what he meant , but when i asked he just smiled a bit wider . newline newline  ben , i was actually kind of happy you were jealous of me when we were younger . in a way , i was just lucky they showed up in places where no one noticed.  he said to me , before turning his back and walking away before i could reply . newline newline i noticed a painful red looking scar peeking out from the back of his neck and drops of red starting to stain his white shirt . newline have been following you with great interest . we really do admire the work you  ve done.  newline newline bright light . the man is wearing a white coat and glasses . his smile doesn  t reach his eyes . i can taste metal in my mouth and can not move my limbs or head . newline newline  unfortunately , it  s been decided that the time for talk is over . direct action is needed . and who better to lead the rabble than their very own hero samaritan ?  newline newline i am afraid . newline newline  you are going to make history , my friend . i almost envy you.  he nods to someone , unseen .  hit it.  newline newline pain , and then darkness . newlinehe had nt planned for it to happen this way , but sometimes life had it s happy little accidents . newline newline he had met her at the grocery store and from the moment he laid eyes on her he knew she would be perfect . she was plain , with shoulder length brown hair and a sweater on despite the warm spring air . it did nt take much from him to get her attention . it took even less to keep it . newline newline he told her all the cliches . that she was the most beautiful girl he d ever seen . that he d give her the earth and the stars . that their love would last forever . only one of them was the truth . newline newline the night they went to the hill that the black oak sat on was chilly . she had insisted on wearing a heavy coat . she always seemed to have a chill . he laid out a blanket for them to lay on , with the dagger hidden below it . they laid together as he pointed out all the constellations , careful to show them to her in the right order to get their attention . newline newline the wind blew in suddenly and she sat up , pulling her coat back around her . it must have happened then , a little nick through the blanket . the color drained from her face . he quickly said the words and laid her back down , staring at the stars . newline newline she would hatch soon , reborn to cleanse the world . and he had nt even had to kill her . sometimes everything just works out .these goddamn fish newline newline it was not long ago i was given the orders to traverse the intergalactic perimeters of space in search of a planet of hospitable intelligence . i often feel a like our species is a little greedy , just searching for a place where there is both vegetative and carnivorous food to eat . sure there are vegetarians on planet earth , and they think they are saving the wildlife , saving our time on earth , being humane , because they refuse to eat a living thing . truth is , they ve made my job 1,000 time more difficult because there are vegetables , as far as the eye could see , but because it s not  economically viable  we ca nt transport cattle to these planets . horseshit . newline newline at any rate , i m rambling . for 18 years i ve searched every looming , inhospitable planet from aaalas to planet of the vapes 9 in search of a suitable atmosphere , mesosphere , stratosphere , whateversphere for holding plants . i ve been chased by more mutants than have stepped on my piss trails leading back to the ship . i ve come up empty handed 2,937 times . plants do nt even have faces and yet i want to punch one in it s face . anyway , i finally found a planet . it was a breath of agonizing relief , zeda 9 . newline newline it had the most friendly ecosphere i d ever seen . trees were already in full bloom , waters ran rapid amidst the open land . no threatening source of life i had found when i took a scan of the planet . i scanned it three times in my disbelief . in utter shock , i actually wept at the fact that there was aquatic life already brewing in the shallow waters . i cried and cried aboard my lonely spacecraft , sobbing tears of relief and joy . newline newline i have seen a large plot of these celestial bodies , i have ventured far and wide across this vacant terrain , and i am convinced there is a god , and he is a spiteful being . newline newline these goddamn fish are so fucking stupid . the males will gallop , as if to be triumphant , upon land and gasp their last stupid breaths until they kill themselves off . they do this by the hundreds per day . there are only about 20,000 of them , and yet they insist on flopping their dumb bodies onto the comparatively arid earth and floundering in their misery . if that were nt enough , the females who lay the eggs , immediately turn around and eat the exact fucking eggs they just laid . newline newline the children fish  of what little do survive  , are abandoned by the mother fish and are forced to eat rocks until they are too heavy to swim . they sink to the bottom and starve . newline newline i ve given up my hope of these fish and my search . to whomever finds this note , know that earth will have to put on trial jack fair for treason against the union , and that they should bring a team of psychologists , for i will be filling my gullet , and likely my brain , with these stupid fish . newline newline newlineext . dunder mifflin warehouse entrance newline newline michael has his back to the wall that leads to the open warehouse garage door . he s trying to stand like he s being very stealthy , palms against the wall . newline newline michael : newline i just finished season 1 of  undercover boss  on dvd ... well it was only the first disc of the first season . i was ordering  undercover brother  on netflix because i love eddie murphy , but they must have sent ... the wrong dvd . newline newline michael leans around the corner of the warehouse garage door to make sure that daryl and the warehouse workers do nt know that he s there . only some of them are in view of the camera , but they re gathered and talking , laughing . michael begins to put on a fu manchu mustache . he speaks as he puts on the mustache . newline newline michael : newline so , i thought , what better way to perform my  supervishernal  duties than to perform my own little  undercover boss  . a  clockanddagger manager  , if you will . i will begin by playing a lowly warehouse worker , as many of the episodes begin with the lowest of the low . newline newline michael leans around the corner and sees that a new employee has entered with his back turned . daryl shakes his hand and begins small talk . newline newline michael : newline i will be playing ming , who is my famous character ping s brother . fresh off the boat and ready to see what life is like as a  warehouse man  in the great american northwest . newline newline michael puts in the chinese buck teeth he used during the dundies from season 1 . newline newline michael  now in a chinese accent  : newline sora , let the games begrina . newline newline camera follows michael as he makes his way inside newline newline int . dunder mifflin warehouse newline michael walks further inside , making offthetop kungfu moves as he walks . as he makes his way inside , the camera reveals more and more of the warehouse workers all gathered together . it becomes apparent that this is a small party . newline there handmade signs that say welcome hidetoshi . there s cake and the blow up doll with michael s face with a sign around it s neck that says  meet the boss  . the real michael makes himself known . newline newline michael : newline oh herrrrooooo ferrrooo coworkers ! teachr me ayour wayyyyss . newline newline michael makes a bow with his hands together . the new employee turns around . it s hide on his first day . the camera rotates to see michael s face . he s wideeyed . everyone is silent . after a beat , michael takes out his buck teeth . he s staring directly at hide . newline newline michael : newline are you undercover too ? newline newline cue  the office  themean examination of contemporary chronological interference with personal history and its effects on personal and global timelines : an exploration of the grandfather paradox newline newline mortimer smith , harry herpson high school newline newline submitted : jul 2015 newline newline accepted : dec 2015 newline newline abstract :  time travel has been theorized but has never been conclusively achieved . this study is an examination of both the ability of a person to travel backwards and forwards from their own timereference point and demonstrate the impact such travelling can have on the individual , their immediate associates and the world at large . using a chronology reverser , the subject was transferred from 2015 to 1950 , when the subject  s maternal grandfather was approximately 10 years old . after terminating the grandfather , the subject returned to 2015 and noted that his family were absent as were his belongings , thus proving the possibility of interfering with personal history and yet maintaining a physical presence in the contemporary timeline . newline newline newline introduction :  time travel has long been theorized  1,2,3  . however , it is only by using a richard sanchez chronology reverser  rscr   4  , can safe and applicable travel be conducted . sanchez has published numerous works on the effects of travelling forward in time  514  and has thus proven that future events can be avoided . newline newline however , there exists a gap in the literature regarding travelling back in time . sanchez has cited the prospect as being  close to  burp  impossible , morty   15  and has expressed no desire to actively contribute to the current study . chief among sanchez  s documented concerns was the notion that  you could just fucking write  burp  write yourself out of history , morty   16  . newline newline a paper was recently published by the current author , indicating the theoretical possibility of travelling back in time and that the inherent dangers had been grossly exaggerated by sanchez to prevent other parties from attempting to conduct their own research  17  . this paper was generally well received by the scientific community  18,19  , but was also vocally decried by sanchez as being  stupid , morty , even for you   20  . newline newline at the time of publication of ref 17 , sanchez was the eminent authority on time travel in the world . due to his lack of cooperation , the current author decided to proceed with the proposed experiment and thus demonstrate the effects of travelling back in time . newline newline newline method :  having acquired the rscr , the current author  hereafter known as  the subject   travelled to a remote location . this to mitigate any potential risk of travelling into a foreign object  e.g . car , house , person  . the precise location is shown in figure 1 . newline newline the rscr was set to 1950 . this time was chosen for several reasons : 1  the second world war was over and the country should be less chaotic  2  the subject  s maternal grandfather should be approximately 10 years old and thus pose no risk to the subject in the termination phase of the experiment  3  it  s five years before marty mcfly , which makes it better , okay ? jeez . newline newline the time portal was opened and the subject entered . upon arriving in 1950 , the subject was immediately beset by a shrieking creature with terrifying visage . after an initial miscommunication  wherein the subject was repeatedly kicked  , the creature was correctly identified as being the subject  s maternal grandfather  although , given the complexities of time travel , obviously not in this timereference . because that  d be sick , okay ?  . newline newline a brief struggle ensued , but eventually the subject was able to overpower the onceandfuture grandfather . the grandfather was terminated by repeated blows to the head and ... and ... oh , god , rick ! ... repeated blows to the head and buried within fifteen meters of the time portal . newline newline the subject then returned to 2015 and the time portal closed . upon arriving at the subject  s home , it was immediately discovered that the subject  s family did not live there . after questioning the current occupants of the house , it was determined that no such family had ever lived there . newline the subject went to the library and looked up historical records . the death of richard sanchez was noted in 1950 . no record of the subject  s mother  beth smith  nee . sanchez   or sister  summer smith  could be found . the subject  s father  jerry smith  was noted to be an adult television star on a popular homosexual channel . newline newline discussion :  having terminated the subject  s maternal grandfather in 1950 , the subject did not suffer any unforeseen complications . there were the expected bouts of depression and extreme guilt and regret , but for the purposes of science , the subject was able to cope . newline newline conclusion :  it is possible to travel backwards in time , no matter what rick thinks . you can even kill ... kill ... oh , jeez . you can even kkkill your grandfather when he  s just a little kid and it ... it doesn  t have an effect on the world . it  s like he never existed , but here you are . how does that work ? i mean , come on ... how can i be here if he isn  t ? it doesn  t make sense . none of this makes sense . why did i do it ? oh jeez , rick . i know what i need to do . newline newline future work :  is it possible to go back in time and stop your past self from killing your maternal grandfather as a child ? dear father , please take all i have left .  , sarah declared . an invigilator watched her , looking for any sign that could indicate that her given consent was false .  ms , come this way  , a gentle hand motioned her up the stairs , only to realise she was paralysed neck down . sarah sighed , even at death s door , life disappoints . she found herself questioning everything . newline newline  newline newline sarah did nt anticipate ever ending up here . only misfits and fucked ups ended up here . not someone like sarah . everything was great for here . a loving family , good friends , love , life purpose , everything . but she lost it all in one fatal car crash . newline newline  newline newline as sarah was wheeled through the corridor leading up to the machine , she could not help but notice the beautiful architecture all around her . the walls were plastered with the art of many others who shared their gift of life . she was sure her photo would soon be somewhere here too . for her siblings to find solace in this organised mess . a voice broke her last daydream :  this is your last chance to back out . are you sure about this ?  . sarah could only nod as painful memories flooded back into her head . newline newline  newline newline the accident happened so quickly . she was in the back seat on the way to school , when suddenly the car swiveled out of control and fell off a cliff and it all went blank from her . she woke up with a butterfly knife embedded into her spine , and her father , who was at the front seat , struggling for his life . she watched him in agony . it was 3 hours of living hell . newline newline  newline newline with her body finally propped onto the machine , the machine hummed to life and started it s work . she could instantly feel the her life force fading , her head felt heavy , yet empty ? her last moments were spent looking at the mural on the ceiling : a simple butterfly . her ears perked up for one last time as she tried to discern the sounds :  thank you sarah , the church appreciates your donation ...  newline newline a smirk broke father s solemn expression .i ve been working in crime since i was 16 . i got wrapped up in it how most do  drugs . the lifestyle was appealing . no real responsibilities , no 95 mediocrity . i worked my way up from common delivery boy and ended up as an enforcer for a well known syndicate in atlanta . it s important to have a certain image in this business , and being 65  at 225 lbs with a foot long beard provide me with an intimidation factor that makes it easier for me than most . or , at least it used to . newline since the  criminal persecution act  passed last year , i ve seen the majority of my cohorts maimed or killed . my bosses have gone underground and crime has gotten a lot more dark . no one is willing to take the fall anymore . it used to be a guy could do 30 years and come out with a kush bank account with no worries for the rest of their lives . now the majority were just crack heads looking for their next score that only make it 7 months into their sentence . at least they ve solved overcrowding in prisons , right ? newline now , at 32 , i m considered a  drug kingpin  by the federal government . that s a joke , the worst thing i ve ever done is rough up some drug addicts to pay up . i ve been hiding for 10 months trying to get out of the country , but everywhere else is following suit . newline my only hope is to track down my old bosses and turn them in for some kind of deal . it s a long shot , but i do nt think i have any options left . newlineforenote : i ll try my best , but i feel like this wo nt get me a punch . as usual , criticism is wanted ! newline newline i follow the person home . they know i m there . newline newline  can you please not ? it s really disturbing .  newline newline i walk beside them , behind them , in front of them , sit on top of them , in a piggyback position . newline newline  can you please not ? it s really disturbing .  newline newline i carry their bag , look through their contents , play flappy bird , drink some water , eat some pills , put on some lipstick , apply some mascara , call their boss and say i m not coming back to work , delete everything on their phone . newline newline  can you please not ?  it s really disturbing .  newline newline i rifle through her pockets . her watch , her spare notes , a spare piece of fluff , an id card , a pair of keys , another phone . newline newline  can you please not ?  it s really disturbing .  newline newline i walk quietly behind her . she knows i m there . newline newline  would you please go and find the spelling error in one of the above sentences ? grammar applies , as well as correct capitalisation and tensing .  newlinefor the first time since ancient workers had sealed it , light flowed into the tomb . gold peaked out from under blankets of dust and sand , countless statues of animal headed gods stood at attention , and at the center of the room was a sarcophagus that held a long dead priest . newline newline doctor henry riley , an archaeologist from cambridge , was the first to step into the tomb . childhood wonder filled his eyes and his mouth hung open . he d done it . he d finally done it . newline newline hieroglyphics and pictograms lined every wall just as he had imagined . he had found the clues amongst ancient parchments . a few vague hints that had been over looked by everyone else but him . colleagues and students alike had laughed behind his back when what he was researching spread about the school . newline newline hidden tombs and secret treasure were schoolboy fictions  and those that had been secret were found and raided long before any scholars found them . the real world was not so exciting . newline newline or so they had said . newline newline henry followed the clues to the valley of the kings and into a long since emptied tomb . there he had solved the final riddle and his reward was a revelation . one wall was not a wall . but a door . newline newline he was assured fame and tenure and wealth . he did not care . curiosity was what drove him . newline newline  i ve done it .  newline newline his assistants took photos , set up lights and started an inventory of the items . it was the biggest find in centuries , but it would become known for more than it s gold and the mystery to find it . newline newline a student assistant called melissa welsh had been assigned the responsibility of documenting the hieroglyphs . she would take a photo that would become as recognizable to many as da vinci s universal man . newline newline a pharaoh and a priest faced each other , the shining sun between them . the ancient words told of friendship and betrayal , exaggerated to extremes as seemed normal for ancient egypt . newline newline the story did not mention the qr code that was at the sun s center . newline newline    newline newline reception was poor in the tomb and so the solution was to scan a photo of the qr code from outside the tomb . dr riley allowed his team to leave and watch the momentous moment . he did not think it important . to him , the blocky shape was merely a coincidence , but their excitement afforded him an opportunity to be alone with his discovery  so , as the team fought for a better view outside in the sand , henry placed his hands on the sarcophagus . newline newline it was golden and intricate . he stared at the sculpted face . newline newline a printout of the photo was rushed into the waiting hands of melissa , she lifted her phone to it . newline newline there was something about the face . something off . newline newline she scanned the photo , her phone thought for a moment , then turned off . newline newline the lights in the tomb flickered and went out . the tomb door rolled shut . dr riley screamed . in the last second of outside light , henry had seen the golden face open it s eyes . newline newline any attempts to open the door failed and so , faced with no other option , it was cut out by dr riley s worried team . they found nothing but the rocks and sand into which the outer tomb had been buried . newline this is the p18 !  newline newline  no sir , that s the p18b , what you need is the p18a , if you head to the first window then you someone there will help you . thank you sir .  her pink painted lips barely moved she droned the words . newline newline  i ve just come from the first window !  i pleaded ,  the woman gave me this ! please , this is incredibly important !  newline newline  sir , go back to the first window and get a p18a , then come back here and i can issue it for you . thank you .  she turned her her chair around and benedict threw his arms in the air and marched his way to the back of the first queue . newline newline  forms , fucking bloody forms !  he exhaled to himself . newline newline  jesus , i know right !  a woman in front of him turned round , and met his eyes ,  i mean , they give you one form and tell you it s the wrong one and then make you wait in line after line after line ! i m only trying to murder my bloody husband ! bureaucracy right ?  newline newline  yeah ,  he mumbled as her perfume tangoed it s way up his nostrils to the charming melody of her voice  fucking bureaucracy .  her cheeks formed dimples as she smiled in agreement . newline newline  anyway , what are you here for ? wife messing around ?  newline newline  actually no ,  he responded , looking back at his p18b  i m actually hear for a suicide .  newline newline  oh god !  her red nails reflected the florescent tubes that lit the room and she put her hand to her heart .  you want the p19 ! that s the queue over there ,  she gestured to the other side of the room ,  this is espousal homicide !  newline newline  for fuck sake ! i bloody knew it !  newline newline  bureaucracy .  she shrugged , newline newline  bloody bureaucracy !  benedict threw his form to the floor with a shake of the head and marched over to the opposite queue and waited , his eyes flicking over to the long auburn hair of the woman over the other side of the room and the way she run her fingers through it . two men had joined the queue behind him . newline newline  hey ,  he said to the one directly behind him ,  would you mind holding my place a minute ?  newline newline  fuck off mate .  benedict turned around and faced the front of the queue again as the espousal queue crept forward . newline newline fuck it he marched out of the queue and over to the woman with the red nails and auburn hair . newline newline  excuse me  he started , newline newline  that was quick !  she smiled and her dimples formed again . newline newline  well i have nt yet  i mean , you re going to be single soon i m assuming  and , well , my paperwork probably wo nt go through for another six weeks or so and i was wondering if maybe you would like to , you know , go on a date ?  hey.. paula ? listen , ah.. we need to talk .  i was lying in my bed face down when i heard someone talking to me , so i got up and opened the door . no one was there . newline newline  fuck , tom ! stop bugging me , you re such a pain in the ass !  newline newline  what ? ! i did nt do anything !  yeah , right . my lovely brother had the habit of waking me up , usually to pull some kind of prank at me and then leaving like nothing happened . now he must be hiding in his room , the big boy . newline newline  do nt get him into this , he did nt do anything . besides , if i ever stop working , he may help you .  the voice said . i looked around , and no one was there . newline newline  who s talking ?  i was starting to freak out by now . newline newline  this is your kidney , paula . well , one of them . as i said , we need to talk .  newline newline  you re kidding , right ?  someone had to be messing with me or something . newline newline  no , paula . look . this is about your heart .  newline newline  wh ... what about it ?  newline newline  he s ... sick .  i swallowed hard .  he is in pain , and it s not getting any better . you have to fix this ! even stomach has been feeling quite bad . she puts up really well considering how much you love candy but it s getting harder and harder for her to work . she has become closed and barely speaks to anyone . i can practically see a knot covering her ! your skin is quite tired also . you do nt know how exhausting it can be to keep up with all of those goosebumps ! and do nt even make me talk about your eyes !  newline newline  look , me and the others met and we ve reached a solution . you need to tell him you love him .  i love you ,  al , a usually serious detective , says . newline newline  i know , you  ve told me enough times ,  his wife , sara , replies , who he often calls by the affectionate term  sweetie  for no reason other than the generic way he was raised into a world full of sugar . newline newline  yes , but all the jokes you make , they  re just so funny every time , you kill me , you really do ,  he says , he  s buckling over , trying to compose himself , recovering from a joke his wife just told . newline newline  not yet i don  t ,  she says as if there is no joke , al is too busy to pick up on such nonsense . newline newline  see , there you go again , always with the quick comebacks , you know , i wish there was someone like you on the force , you  d lighten the mood what with all the serial killings going on of late , all in this area too , i hope you changed the locks on the windows like i said , the old ones just weren  t doing us any favours ,  newline newline  i changed the window locks and sharpened the knives  you don  t have to worry ,  she replies , walking over to the window and drawing the blind up that she  d just put down just to prove to him that they had been changed . newline newline  there you go again , i almost can  t breathe , i  m so glad i found someone who can make me laugh as much as you do ,  newline newline  yes , you suffocating , it  s perfect ,  newline newline  i love your sarcasm as well , you know , joe wishes his wife made as many jokes as this ,  newline newline  yes , jokes ,  again , he doesn  t see it and continues to chuckle . newline newline  oh , by the way honey , i  m going to invite joe and his wife round for dinner , can you cook them a steak or something ?  newline newline  i had the knives sharpened , steak should be easy , i  d love to see them again , it feels so long since they popped round ,  newline newline  it is , and joe says he noticed it too , so that  s why i invited him ,  newline newline  joe  s wife , how many children have they had together ?  newline newline  you know their kids , sally and jim , right as rain those two are ,  newline newline  oh , i remember , how could i forget , it  s not enough though , they should have a third , they make great parents ,  sara replied , pulling the covers up over her and turning her head until it rests easy on the pillow . newline newline  they sure do , hey speaking of which , i know you always wanted three children and our two are growing up so much now that you hardly see them anymore , but you  ve forgiven me for having the operation , haven  t you ?  newline newline  how many times do i have to tell you yes ? i  d have preferred if you  d have told me when you first decided because then i  d have been able to tell you that i wanted three kids , but i  m over it now , my impulse has gone now , it  s managed , there  d be too much of a gap between the ages ,  newline newline  yes , i  m so sorry ,  newline newline  stop being sorry about it , it was a year ago today since you told me ,  newline newline  i know ,  he didn  t but also didn  t think to question it . newline newline  newline newline at some time in the middle of the night , al is woken by almost silent movement . however , the racket made follows the clatter of a lamp knocked from its cabinet . newline newline  uh , what  s going on , is that you sweetie ?  newline newline  i  m going out for a bit , i didn  t want to wake you ,  newline newline  so late at night ?  he says , not bothering to check the clock . newline newline  yes , the girls invited me to this vampirethemed walk through the town ,  newline newline  i thought you went to one of those last week ,  newline newline  argh , you  re right , what was it this week ? maybe it  s just drinks ,  newline newline  take care sweetie , there  s a murderer on the loose still remember ,  she says , tension high in her voice but al is still half asleep and doesn  t notice her sweating because of the dark , his eyes close and he falls back to sleep before sara can reply . newline newline  i know , i  ve got my wits about me , you  ve no need to worry , i  m going to take the steak knife with me , drop it at the shop to make sure it  s extra sharp for when our guests come over , go back to sleep ,  she says but she  s glad her husband had gone back to sleep . she really hadn  t meant to disturb him . newline newline  newline newline  you  re back already sweetie ?  newline newline  had to cut evening short , had to slash a lot of what was planned to be honest , missed out on a few drinks , they were out of slices , can you believe it ?  newline newline before al can reply , the phone rings . newline newline  right , sweetie , i  ve just come off the phone , there  s been another murder , it  s mrs morris this time , you know , the one who had the triplets ? oh it feels like it  s getting so close to home ,  newline newline  we  ll be fine sweetie , you  ll solve this , you  ll keep me safe , i changed the window locks ,  newline newline  i know , i just can  t help but worry , mrs morris , she was lovely wasn  t she , do you remember when we went to see her babies just last week in the hospital ? i can  t believe they  ve lost their mother now ,  newline newline  i know , it  s very sad , i remember , mrs morris , three children ,  she says and since al is still only half awake , he doesn  t notice her words trailing . newline newline  i  ll be back as soon as i can sweetie , sleep well ,  newline newline  newline newline a week later , al hangs up from a phone conversation , eager to tell his wife the news . newline newline  i can  t believe it , sweetie , it  s great , joe and his wife are pregnant again , they  re having a third child ,  newline newline  they  re coming over tomorrow right ? we can celebrate  i  ll buy the best steak possible , i  ve got an even better reason to have sharpened the steak knife now ,  newline newline a priest , a rabbi , and a duck walked into a bar . the priest ordered a whiskey , and the rabbi ordered some newish and extremely sweet wine . the duck just quacked . newline newline  look ,  said the priest .  i m telling you , he does nt have viral enteritis .  newline newline  we ve been looking after him for the last seven years ,  replied the rabbi .  it would be horrible to find that there really was something seriously wrong with him .  newline newline the duck quacked again , and then sneezed and pooped simultaneously . newline newline  see , that does nt seem ... right ,  said the rabbi , indicating the newlycreated white spot on the table . newline newline the priest shook his head .  i ve been praying for him .  newline newline  you ca nt pray for animals ,  replied the rabbi .  they do nt have souls . have you tried taking him to the vet ?  newline newline  there are nt many veterinarians who will look at a duck ,  replied the priest .  they re not really common pets .  newline newline the duck coughed again , and then went after the rabbi s wine . newline newline  knock it off , joe ,  said the rabbi , bopping the duck on the side of his head , and he waved for the bartender and ordered a glass of water . newline newline the duck , joseph , quacked again . when the glass of water arrived , he helped himself . newline newline  have you gotten him vaccinated ?  asked the rabbi . newline newline  are you kidding me ?  asked the priest .  those shots cause autism .  newline newline joseph quacked and took another quick drink of water .retirement never really suited me . you spend your days and nights running wild all of the globe , constantly worn thin between a thousand different contracts , and all you can think about is taking a rest . hell , i  ll be the first to tell you that a vacation every now and then is great , i used to love taking a week off in a city i  d already been to countless times and just being a person . do you know the first time i went to the top of the empire state building was the third time i had been in the building ? yeah , no kidding , the first two were for work and i couldn  t just hang around all day waiting to get caught . it was nice to take a little vacation here and there to just be a person . newline newline for the longest time i thought of retirement as just one big long vacation at the end of my job . in a way , i guess it was but let  s be realistic here all good things have a limit . i went from being high strung for months or years on end to just not having to worry about anything at all forever .  newline newline don  t get me wrong , i don  t mean to complain too much , it did get better . at first though it sucked . you see , i promised that i would never take a contract again . i had a lot of money saved up and a lot of free time but nowhere to really go . so at first , i traveled , a lot . i spent a year seeing the world , taking the kind of trip some people take when the graduated high school back in my day  or after college these days , i guess kids wait a little longer  . newline newline i  m droning on , i  m sorry for that , it  s just that i spent so long not being able to tell anyone about anything , now i kind of just start talking and it all gets away from me . the short and long of it is , after more than two years of meandering through life without a job i realized i need to find purpose or i was going to lose my mind . so i stared honing some skills . i trained in martial arts for a while and even took yoga , i already speak three languages but i never could bring myself to lean a new one , it seemed unnecessary and it felt like work  obviously i spent a lot of time  studying  as a hitman and it was far and away the shittiest part of it all  . i know it is too late to make a long story short but let me jump ahead and tell you that i need to be on my feet and working with my hands so i opened a wood shop and make highend  ish  furniture . it started as an experiment , i just wanted to make a nice bedside table with a secret compartment in it . of course i have a lot of time and resources and an addictive personality so i wound up with a garage full of tools and a house full of new  if not nice  furniture . newline newline anyway , one morning i was having my coffee on my porch , like i do on any sunny day , before heading to my shop . i open the paper and what do i see , jimmy canoe comeback tour . newline newline i sat up so fast , i spilled nearly all my coffee on myself . the hot , sticky mess that now stained my previously clean work shirt went unnoticed as my mind went back 20 years . newline newline jimmy called my agency out of the blue and asked for me specifically . i don  t know how much you know about the business but that is not the way things are usually done . either you know a guy , and you deal with him directly , or you get in touch with an agency and they send out a rep who gets all the information and sends out a bid to the whole agency then i and the other hitmen try to get the contract and fill it . obviously , i like the first option better , because when you aren  t racing the completion , you have way more time to set the thing up perfectly . don  t get me wrong , flying by the seat of your pants is part of the job and i enjoyed more that was necessarily healthy , but there is just something about killing a mark the right way that makes the whole experience perfect . having that one job go so well , just nailing it with no flaws , feels like diving for a ball out in right field , snatching it out of the air and beating the home team in the bottom of the ninth . newline newline it was strange that jimmy called the agency , because he did actually know me , we were friends , in so far as people like me could have friends outside the business . hell , we even played together in a garage band growing up . his older brother and i were the same age and we needed a bass player , jimmy had only played trumpet and piano before but he could shred within a month . pretty soon his brother john had to give up the guitar and let jimmy play  all for the good of the band  . i had seen jimmy a few times since high school , but he hadn  t seen me . i caught a few of his shows and i tell you , the kid really had it . newline newline he has me come up to his house for a meeting . house ? what a joke , jimmy lived in a castle . one of those big places , out west on the coast . the property was six acres with a wall around the whole thing . the gate was open when i drove up and a guard waved at me as i drove by . i actually knew the guard , he used to work for the same agency as me until he got picked up by a private security firm , but that is another story . newline newline i didn  t really know what to expect , how many people can a filthy rich rock star want dead ? probably his producer , or his wife . probably something easy and quick but ultimately uninteresting . boy was i wrong . he didn  t want me to kill anyone , at least not yet . i sat down with jimmy by his pool , overlooking the pacific and for a while the meeting was strictly social . i wanted to know what touring was like and believe me when i say this guy could tell you some stories . he wanted to know all about my life , i told him what i could , maybe even a bit more than was wise , because i was less cautious at that time than i was when i started out . newline newline eventually after several bottles of some very nice wine he talked about retirement . this was the last thing on my mind but i could tell the years on the road had worn jimmy . he got really into drugs for a while then cleaned up in the past few years but he made it very clear that he was ready to give it up for good . newline newline  music is the greatest thing in my life ,  jimmy had told me ,  but i have a family and it is time i make them the most important.  newline newline then he pulled out a duffle bag and put it by my chair . newline newline  i  m going to do a farewell tour ,  he said ,  then i am out for good . i want to hire you but that money is yours whether you actually have to do the job or not . my last show is on the fourth of july this year . if i ever go on tour again , i want you to kill me.  newline newline i admit i was shocked , and in those days i prided myself on being the kind of guy who wasn  t surprised by anything .  look man , if you want to quit just quit , this isn  t a game it  s your life.  newline newline  i know . i know what this means and i don  t ever want to go back on this deal , believe me . after this last ride , if i ever get started up again , i  ll know what  s coming.  newline newline i  ll know what  s coming newline newline those words bounced around my head all the rest of that day . on the porch , in the shower , sitting in traffic , even at the shop . i thought a lot about how i gave up the game , how i said i  d never take another contract . i thought about how killing jimmy wasn  t even a new contract . in the end i told toni , one of the girls who owns part of the shop , she would need to run things for a week or two while i went to see my sister . i don  t have a sister . newline newline eighteen hours after i got the news , i was in jimmy  s house . he still lived in the same mansion but his security was reduced to a single rentacop in the gate house , not one of the heavy hitter like before . newline newline  i was hoping you  d come.  newline newline light flooded the room and my old friend sat up in bed . he looked awful . his face once , tan and a little fat , was now pale , and he had lost so much weight that his empty skin sagged off his skull like a melting candle . newline newline jimmy reached pushed a control and the bed began to tilt forward into a sitting position , his arms were thin , like a child  s arms that had been stretched to fit an adult body , i couldn  t see his legs but even under the covers i could tell they were no more than a frail remnant of what they once were . newline newline  as you can see , michael , the years have not be as kind to me as they have been to you.  newline newline  what do you have ?  i asked him . the situation was clear to me now . he wanted a way out and i was going to be it . newline newline  cancer , obviously , a few different varieties i am afraid . some are terminal and even without them certain treatments for the others all react poorly with each other . i have been dying for a year now , they wanted to give me drugs for the pain but i gave that up a long time ago.  newline newline when i started writing this i just let it get away from me . i had no idea there was a character limit so the rest is in a reply to this comment newline newline newline it s been three months since that ... thing has been up in the sky ,  i said as i looked towards it . newline newline  what do you think it is ?  thratxi said to me , clearly unnerved by it . newline newline  i dunno . it has nt bothered us yet , why worry about it ? go back to sleep ,  i said , and both thratxi and i dozed off . newline newline   newline newline  qartleng ! qartleng ! wake up ! it s bothering us !   thratxi shouted , shaking me violently . newline newline  oh , hush ! i ll be up in a minute ! i do nt see how it could be bothering us .  i replied , annoyed by thratxi s antics . newline newline we walked outside of our dugout and looked up . there were now two things in the sky , and it looked like one was descending ... right onto the spot where we were . we immediately scurried to the outside of the crater . newline newline the cube slowly descended into view . it landed crooked at first , with only one leg down , but then something shot out and held it down . i flinched at the loud noise . newline newline  let s go see what it is !  i said to thratxi excitedly . newline newline  oh , i do nt know , qartleng ... it does nt look safe ... at all .  newline newline  who cares ? nobody ever became famous for being safe !  i said , and leapt out to the side of the metal box . newline newline  woah ...  i said with awe . it was simply ... massive . no other way to describe it . newline newline philae  was written on its side . newline newline  hey , thratxi ! whoever sent this developed writing ,  i shouted . newline newline  well , duh ! if they can build this , find us , and send it here , they most certainly would need a form of writing .  he replied . newline newline i wonder who se newline newline   newline newline  geoffry ! stop writing your stupid nasa fan fiction and get back to work !  lamarck smith snapped at the lazy employee . newline newline  yes , boss ...  geoffry said reluctantly . he swithpched windows , and continued typing on his computer . newline newline all of the sudden , a message appeared . newline newline who are you and what is philae  was displayed on the screen . newline newline geoffry , thoroughly horrified , leapt out of his chair and ran out of the room , screaming .there is an annual competition called the bulwarlytton fiction contest that seeks to find  the opening sentence to the worst of all possible novels  . the overall winner for 2013 was this : newline newline  she strutted into my office wearing a dress that clung to her like saran wrap to a sloppily butchered pork knuckle , bone and sinew jutting and lurching asymmetrically beneath its folds , the tightness exaggerating the granularity of the suet and causing what little palatable meat there was to sweat , its transparency the thief of imagination .  chris wieloch , brookfield , wi newline newline  there is a lot more where that came from .   http : www.bulwerlytton.comwinners.html  so how d the band work out ?  newline newline the o.e.o.h.f.p.p.e. , as he insisted on being called , dismissively waved one massive claw .  did some session work in the 60s . eventually we got a gig opening for the stones , but it got canceled after altamont . everything sorta fell apart after that . creative differences  , as they say .  newline newline  stay in touch with them at all ?  newline newline  i like to think i ll always have the band within me .  newline newline i nodded , scribbling . good quote . this was exactly the type of shit  where are they now  assignment young reporters had to prove themselves on , and i meant to make the piece sing .  by the way , p.p .  can i call you p.p. ?  newline newline  no .  newline newline  um . okay . anyway , what s up with the voice ?  newline newline  what do you mean ?  the purple monstrosity asked in his alvinonvalium monotone squeak . newline newline  never mind .  fucking show biz types , i was sick of them already .  so , let s talk about the new project .  newline newline he perked up visibly , his long red tongue snaking out to flick at his single horn in a simultaneously endearing and disconcerting gesture .  it s a onemonster show called the horn monologues . i talk about the prejudice faced by keratinous anthrophages   newline newline  there s more than one of you ?  newline newline  what ? no .  he looked annoyed , and i cursed myself for interrupting his flow .  figure of speech . anyway , it has poetry and stuff .  newline newline  stuff ?  he shrugged . great , now he s sulking .   can i ask   newline newline  say ,  he interrupted ,  if you do nt turn in your interview , will they send someone else ?  newline newline  uh ...  i was nt sure i liked where this was going , but did nt the song say he only ate purple people ? i m more of a light mocha . newline newline  would you describe yourself as tough ?  his prehensile tail had extended out behind him and seemed to be groping for something in the kitchenette of his trailer . newline newline thank god i d done my research .  yes ,  i said firmly .  i m so tough .  newline newline  pity ,  he muttered , tail dropping a bottle of purple food coloring back into its drawer . newline newline  thankyouforyourtime , mr . o.e.o.h.f.p.p.e .  i practically leapt out of the chair . at least i would nt have to shake hands with something that did nt have them .  i ll send you a copy of the article .  that almost certainly is nt going to run anyway .  newline newline  very well .  he yawned hugely and gestured toward the door , which i was already halfway out of . by the time i was back in the city , i d already left my cousin two voicemails about that job at his ad agency . because as bad as the o.e.o.h.f.p.p.e . had been ... what if i ended up having to interview kanye ?my car rolled to a stop as i pulled up to the parking lot . parking next to the sign , i exited my car and read it . i chuckled darkly , i recall . the sign read , roughly ,  your life is a priceless gift from your parents . think about them and about your family ,  before listing a suicide hotline and directing me to a phone . luckily for me , i was nt there for that . i was there to see why so many had chosen this place , this stretch of forest , to end their lives . newline newline slinging the backpack i had retrieved from the trunk of my car roughly onto my back , i carefully began following the trail into the forest . i was nt exactly looking for bodies . more , why they picked the forest itself . the mystery was fascinating . what could make this particular forest the second most popular place to commit suicide in the world ? you could say i was called there . newline newline i walked along the little trail , never looking in one direction for too long . it was nt long before i found the first sign of a suicide . it was nt much . some mostly rotted rope , stress marks on the branch . the authorities had found this one , by the looks of it . not surprising , he had done it on the road . newline newline eventually , i decided i d wander off the beaten path a bit . i tied a bit of string i brought with me to a tree on the path , tied the other end to myself , and began walking through the woods . after another ten minutes of walking , i found a body that had nt been found yet . i knew what i had to do , even before i had pulled out my phone . i discovered , unfortunately , there was no signal . thinking quickly , i untied myself from my chord and began following it back to the trail , while leaving it on the ground . newline newline however , i soon realized that untying myself was a mistake . while it left a direct chord to the victim , it left me helpless if i got lost . which i did . lost from the chord , heading in a direction probably not that of the road , i wandered . still i had no signal . simply put , i was screwed . newline newline i stumbled into a clearing . it was nt a large one , by any means , but it was a clearing . around me , there hung rotted ropes . underneath them , fractured bone , bleached by age . i had been lost for about a day , by this point , i think . finally , i was done . i pulled my pack down to assess my supplies . i had enough food for another day , no water , a tent and the assorted trappings that go with that , and , surprisingly enough , some rope . i looked at this rope , curious . why had i brought this ? i had nt intended to die , had i ? newline newline looking around at this clearing , with the rope in my hands , i realized it was possible i had . for the first time in a while , i felt at home . slowly i made the noose , slowly i climbed the tree , and cautiously , almost reverently , i tied the noose around the tree limb . my pack sitting below me , i slipped the noose around my neck . it was my time . this was the place i was meant to die . suddenly i understood why people chose this forest . it was nt that we chose the forest . it was that the forest chose us . it was almost , i thought as i fell and the rope tightened , that we were called here . newline newline  authors note : this turned out a lot longer than i thought it would . i feel like it turned out weaker than it started , but i m posting it anyway cause i put an hour into it . hope you all like it a classic 8 strokes knock on the door . alex , irritated immensely by the prattle of his landlady just 5 minutes ago uttering his ugh  with a kill me now  , is now certain that his sunday is going to be ruined . newline newline ca nt the man just sit in his underwear , watch some netflix and chill by himself with kleenex not for his tears but other fluid ?  he thought . newline newline he never had any issue being in his underwear answering his landlady because the ugly mug of hers somehow brings a sense of familiarity that is familial , not that his mother was genetically indisposed . in fact , he could not thank his mother enough for blessing him with her beauty in male form . a dashing young man of 25 , fatally endowed with a lack of a sense of humour and shyness that do not seem to fit with his handsome face , slender but fit physical form . newline newline he hates his life so far . his physical attractiveness seemed , and very logically , attracts all the uglies like moths to the proverbial flame . he had some success bringing to bed some attractive women , one night stands but he never seemed to be able to hold them down and steady . episodes of real sex and bouts of depressive solo plays are the norms , something that forms a noticeable pattern , a complacency in inertia . exasperated but he could not admit openly that he craved for nothing in the world but a deeply intimate relationship . what is the worst for him has to be the amount of harassment  by ugly women . he , of course is secretly flattered that he is able to capture their attention without lifting a finger but the sheer number of ugly faces he had to politely shut down is staggering and is starting to get on his nerves . he feels he is cursed with a case of ugliphilis  . the latest one , rebecca , was something of a tipping point . he said the most nasty thing he could have said in his entire life and he felt really bad afterwards . newline newline but his ideal in seeking the elusive rapture of delight in the female form can not be eroded , he determined . newline newline he looks through the keyhole but does not see anyone . newline newline mrs. lambert ? newline newline he opens the door and is stunned , his eyebrows arch almost unnaturally for a brief second before he almost smashed close the door . newline newline  um , sorry miss ! i am undressed . i thought you are my landlady mrs. lambert . so sorry !  newline newline oh my god , what ? that s some hot piece of ass and titties right there .  he thought , his dirty side itching already . newline newline  um , miss ? can i help you ?  newline newline  could you please open the door ?  newline newline  give me a sec .  newline newline  no , do it now .  newline newline  um , okay .  newline newline alex opens the door . a brunette beauty stands in front of him , her silky dark caramel hair swirls down along her oval face , contrasting rather sharply with her almost glowing white skin . a pair of dazzling green eyes fixed upon his , staring into his soul , making him forgetting to blink . newline newline  we have to talk .  the beautiful woman says , raising a hand and pushes her way inside with her index finger on alex s bare chest growing in unwanted fat , slamming the door behind her with her nylon bound curves . newline newline  woah , miss . what s going on ? who are you ?  the strange sensation of coldness originates at the tip of her finger . newline newline the woman draws closer to his face but before she could open her mouth to speak , she suddenly starts a fit of coughing , her hair covers her face . when she again lifts her head , he sees a line of mucous running down her nose and her face looks frigid and sickly . she shivers and draws in a noseful of air with muffled gurgles , sucks the mucous back in . newline newline  you ran out of kleenex , for the devil s rectum s sake ! you horny piece of work !  newline newline the sound of the voice shocked and horrified him . it sounded the same as if someone modulated the voice into a deep bass but off pitched in a cheap audio editing program . newline newline  why do you have to do it ?  the creature continues . newline newline dumbfounded , alex , loosing his balance as he retreats backward , falls to the floor , without a word to say . newline newline  i said , why did you have to say nasty things to that woman ?  newline newline  who ?  newline newline  that ugly chick , that cow , what s her name again ? why did you curse my realm in vain ?  newline newline the woman tosses her head sharply , her silky hair like a tsunami , sweeps back and instantly she transforms into a horned figure of a man with a body who put leonidas i to shame . with a pair of black wings outstretched that quickly wraps his body , shivering , the thing  is covered with layers of ice . with one hand , he  opens a palm and a tiny flame wiggles and burns above it . wrapping the other hand around it , he  tries the blow into it tenderly , fanning it . the black of his eyes reflects nothing but the little sparks of that flame . newline newline newline  damn it !  he blankly whispered before turning his attention to alex . newline newline  i am lucifer , as you can clearly see . puny humans . stupid imbeciles ! one second , i am enjoying myself at the depth of hell , you know , sticking my eternal finger to god . what an abyssal job in creating useless drabs that is humanity . and i am stuck having to beat the living snots out of all you sinnerly souls . and for all the good i do for the world , what do i get ? i even parleyed with god and he said he had nothing to do with it . i mean , if you are god , are nt you supposed to know and do whatever the hell you want ? pun not intended . what does he mean he got nothing to do with it ? honestly , tell me .  lucifer finishes with a sneeze . newline newline  i ... i ...  newline newline  i what ? you still do nt know what happened dumbass ? okay , you , told off a fugly girl named rebecca when she was all smoochy up on your ass at work . ah , i get it . i can empathize that she is so ugly that ugh ,  lucifer flaps his hand ,  and no , that s not a gay gesture , i am not gay , the gays stole my demeanor okay ? ugh , i ca nt . there are so many things i am just flustered with . gays stealing my trademarks ... they all do all that gay thing because they stole from me . you see ,  the obsidian wings spread again ,  see , i have no dick , okay ? that s not gay , god made me that way , i am born this way , okay ? oh my god , lady gaga , i am so gon na let her be my dominatrix when she gets to hell . you humans are nt all useless but most of you are . thanks god , thanks alot .  newline newline lucifer gives another squeeze . newline newline  you said , you will go on a date with that fugly the day hell freezes over . you little bastard . why do you say that ? ! that s so rude ! and you see this ? i am all covered in demon ice  . that started yesterday ! i was too busy but this is just ridiculous . you little twat ! i sent my arbiter to heaven inquiring what s going on , they just laugh at his face , meaning laughing in my face and wo nt tell me what is demon ice  . ugh ! are you even listening ?  newline newline  y..yes .  newline newline  you will fix this .  lucifer squats down and putting his hand to alex s cheek , pats it softly  strangely it does not freeze his skin , only feels chilled like a can of an hour chilled beer .  you handsome boy , you will go immediately to that mistake of a womanly form and date her . for good measure , impregnate and marry that piece of refuse . better safe than sorry . because if you do not remedy this sitch , i would be forced to release all the gay souls and you know , no one wants that , least of whom , god . that s right . i am going forward with my litigation . satan vs. god . that s right . i will not be treated this way . god denies his involvement . i will not stand for this indignity . this will not fly . you do nt want the devil to be on strike , sir .  newline newline  ugh ...  newline newline lucifer gets up and turns to go , transforming back into the insanely attractive brunette and said .  believe in yourself , alex . you are a piece of work , you just have to find out . it is not everyday you make the devil visit you . life sucks for you , but if you ever want to turn it all around , do nt be afraid to get in touch . you know , your porn preference does nt have to be just that . just saying . this all is just getting started but the question is , on whose side are you on ? do what i ask and you shall be richly rewarded , but please hurry up , i ca nt take this shit no more . it is gay as hell . no , i mean , just gay .  newline newline raising her hand , the devil has a piece of card between her fingers and she flicks it to alex s lap . alex picks it up . on the card of obsidian black , imprinted the word lucifer  in stark white that turns into a phone number whenever his subconscious calls forward the gestalt of the devil . newline newline alex shifts his eyes back to lucifer , seeing her turned face looking back at him . newline newline  call me .  she gives a wink and immediately follows with another sneeze . newline newline  ugh ! demon ice my juicy ass . gay .  alex hears the last of the devil s word down the hallway .amidst the gory clash of titans , i trembled in fear . around me the roar of warriors twice my size filled the air as their weapons clattered and clamored against metal and wood . huge beasts of burden bellowed as they trampled the enemy and were cut down in battle . the field was awash in bodies of the slain , both sides indistinguishable in death . a wall of combatants surrounded me , parting only momentarily to show the sea of endless turmoil . the cause was great , and this conflict had brought countless numbers on both sides , but this was not my battle . newline newline i , sneedle , lowest of the kemplins , barely half the height of my smallest compatriot , was not a fighter . i was always teased and bullied for my diminutive size by other younglings , and lost every skirmish . i spent my life in bruises and cuts . cast out by my family for the disgrace of being the runt of all runts , i thought no one cared for me . but when the steely frame of the lord of darkness marched through my village , claiming to need the aid of all kemplins , even me , i joined up for the one thing i never had , someplace to belong . i became part of something bigger . newline newline here on the battlefield , though , i wished i was something bigger . barely able to old the gigantic pole arm distributed to the hoard , i could only watch in slack jawed wonder as my companions took on steel clad giants one on one , their tremendous blows sending sparks spraying . one blow would be the end of poor sneedle , but somehow i was beneath notice , invisible in a storm of violence . newline newline then came the most fearsome moment of my lifethe sea of swords parted and toward me stormed reygold , the legendary leader of the rublites . striding in armor so polished , light blazed off every surface , he slashed his way through the combatants . his tremendous blade turned away every krempkin lance and cleaved unarmored enemies in twain . nothing deterred him from his target , and his target , poor sneedle , was not wearing armor . my blood ran cold and my tiny body betrayed me . i struggled to raise my halberd , but my aching muscles only trembled . newline newline i watched as my waking nightmare strode confidently forward . his shimmering shield discarded as he raised his mighty two handed sword , twice the length of any kemplin . i swallowed and was prepared to meet the maker as his last stride put him within striking distance . then with a strength of spirit twice my size , i swung back my ungainly pole arm , ready to meet him blow for blow . the halberd suddenly stopped , and so did my polished persecutor with the glossy gleam . slowly his shouldered blade sank to the ground and all fighting seemed to pause as i watched the greatest opponent kneel before me . my heart skipped a beat as the thunk of a cudgel lightly grazed my back . slowly i turned , surrounded by a sea of staring faces , and came face to face with grax , the king of eternal night , propped slack armed with the head of my halberd embedded in his neck . with one swing , i killed our king . newline newline weapons were dropped , sheathed , and suddenly forgotten in the arms of bewildered warriors as they realized that the battle was over . the champion of the opposing army looked up at me , asking my name . i stammered in reply . he snatched me up and hoisted me high , shouting my name . the other silvery clad giants echoed the chant until all of the shining sea sounded ,  sneedle , sneedle , sneedle !  and that was how i became the greatest hero of any age by singlehandedly ending the conflict of the seven nations .for whatever reason , jack loved helping others . his thoughts often wandered to stupid places , driven by a deep and ridiculous calling to give back . newline newline on one occasion he found himself strolling like an idiot through central park . an impressive showing of the city s vibrant community was present that day  street jugglers , families , bicyclists , joggers , and lovers on picnic . as always , jack was alone . newline newline rounding a graniteflanked corner , jack caught sight of a crying child . totally unaware that onlookers might take him for the faggoty creep he is , jack ran to the young boy s aid . his bike lay strewn just off the sidewalk  his knee bloodied and swollen . newline newline  you re fine , little fella . what happened ?  jack asked in a friendly , borderlineretarded voice . jack was a fucking ... .just a oneofakind stupid asshole motherfuc ... . newline newline so he s sitting there talking to this kid trying to help him r something , i dunno , it s always the same thing with this guy and the fuckin kid is cryin . this beautiful woman runs into the scene and my god was she fuckable . i m talkin way outa jack s league . but of course these two idiots hit it off and jack ends up plowing her for a good portion of the night . i m sitting there , watching this go down , trying to describe what i m seeing while i m jerking a puny ethereal penis off furiously . and then i m cumming , and i m staring at jack as he keeps going  keeps driving his muscled hips into this incredible creature  and the tears are running down my face . i hate him . my god , i hate him so , so much . newline newline the next morning jack awoke to a brilliant sun shining through the translucent drapes ...the tree of life . for a thousand years it stood resolute . when humans first came to these lands , it gave them its fruits , which gleamed like emeralds and rubies . when winter s frigid winds blew into the valley , it gave its knotted branches for shelter and fuel for the fires . it hid them from view from the horned gurns , kept them safe from the fanged kinlens . when the floods came , it lifted the humans up in its branches . but the people forgot . the tree s fruit became less juicy , its branches knarled and weak . the humans got angry at the tree , for they had come to expect the tree to be whatever they needed . they cursed the tree for its duller tasting fruit , for its nonsupporting branches . the tree s condition only worsened by the insults , and it withdrew into itself . then one night , the people came , torches and axes in hand , and , just as they had taken the fruits and shelter , took the tree of life s life . newlinefinally we were brought into a surprisingly small square room . while the floor area didn  t live up to the hype inspired by our guide , this was more than made up for in height  thin ledges lining the walls were spaced out seemingly eternally above us , each providing access to eight doors . the floor was made of terrazzo , with a simple rectangular platform embedded in the center of the room . i guessed this was for the guide  s use in navigating the archives . against the wall were eight bare platforms aligned with the upper level  s doors . one for each of us . newline newline our guide stood in the center and spoke . he was tall and wore a mask and a black robe . the man was rather unremarkable , like the rest of this place  excluding the eternally high ceiling  , but he somehow demanded more attention than anyone i had ever met . his dialect was painfully enunciated but his speech was plain , and like everything else he said up to this point , it was repeated in spanish and two other languages for the four of us who didn  t speak english . newline newline as instructed , we all moved to stand by our platforms . i was on the side of the entry opposite the side the guide started on . i would be last , but i didn  t wait long  the guide spent the next thirty or so minutes giving individual attention to my peers , bequeathing them various items and quietly discussing whatever . the first lady got an old glass bottle . one man received a ring , and a spear was the one weapon was given out  loudly identified by the enthusiast among us as gungnir . he was crushed when his platform revealed a pair of leather shoes  . newline newline it seemed the guide was a bit more excited than usual in his stride over to me . he put his hand on my shoulder as we watched the platform change shape to reveal my gift : a crystallooking object with five facets on the top and bottom forming pyramidal shapes , connected in the middle to form the rough shape of a pointed aa battery . throughout the crystal , the interior was a flat gray color . newline newline  this item is one of eight housed on the second floor of the archives . it is the only one that has never been claimed . some of these items played significant roles in forming the universe you live in today  others were hardly significant , at least in the hands of those that obtained them . even in those cases , i was still able to discern the true purpose of every item  except this one . i have no idea what this is . do you ?  newline newline i told him i didn  t . of course , that was a lie . i recognized it immediately , and my heart was pounding . i had seen it in my dreams for years . he knew , but he didn  t press me , and soon enough i was out of the archives and back home . newline newline i  ve taken the past few moments to write this and calm myself before i crush the crystal . i know that when i do the gray will overtake me , and i will die , but the one that stands in my place will control the world . newlinewhen artigan saw the a wisp of smoke rise from the forest cover , the chill that went through his spine had nothing to do with the hint of coming snow in the air . he picked up the pace and walked toward the source of the smoke . newline newline was it another hiker ? or maybe two ? the evening air suddenly felt more alive , almost electric . newline newline the anticipation made his mouth water and the shivering feeling in his stomach made it difficult for him to breathe . he was feeling giddy with the prospect of a kill on the hill . the garotte in his pocket was like a living thing and he patted it with a loving touch . newline newline  soon , my lovely . soon .  newline newline when he reached the fire , he was slightly disappointed to see it was just one man instead of two . for a moment he wondered who the hell treks alone . but then he realized that he was trekking alone too . newline newline  hey , hello there ,  artigan said to the man who sat on a log with his back toward him . the man did nt move . he just kept his hands extended towards the fire . newline newline  hello , artigan . please join me .  newline newline artigan paused . newline newline the man knew his name . which meant the man knew about him and what he did . newline newline artigan thought about his choices , he could turn and go back where he had come from or he could join the man and find out how he knew his name before slicing his head off and eating his brain . newline newline his curiosity got the best of him and he walked up to the small fire . the man looked up to him and artigan saw that his face was criss crossed with scars . newline newline jagged wounds that had long healed but left their marks . when the man smiled , his pointed canines shone like diamonds in the semi darkness . newline newline artigan felt a strange mixture of revulsion , lust and happiness in his chest . newline this was no one else but the cross . the famous serial killer who crossed the faces of his victims after killing them . newline newline artigan was not only a fan of the man but he positively idolized him . and he knew artigan s name ! and now artigan had the opportunity to take his idol s head ! newline newline could this evening get any better ? newline newline he extended his hand towards the man who had earned a reputation based on unrivaled violence in the serial killer community . he was almost the level of a senior . a legend ! newline newline  sir , big big fan of your work . you ve been a true inspiration for my work .  newline newline the man did nt take his hand . newline newline  but , you , artigan , you ve been a disgrace to our community . it s people like you who give our work a bad name .  newline newline shit , thought artigan as the man clasped his hand in his iron grip and a flash of steel from his other hand swung towards artigan s face . newline newline he flinched and that saved his life . the trademark serrated knife in cross  hand nearly scrapped through his eyeball . newline newline he had the garotte out in a flash , and he swung the weighed end around the other man s neck . the choking sound he heard meant he had looped perfectly and now it was all about raw strength . he pulled the wire and cross freed his hand to try and get his fingers under the garotte . but his other hand still had the knife and now he was also closer to artigan . newline newline the knife flashed again and again in the falling darkness , and artigan felt the sharp bite of the blade on his neck , face and chest . newline newline blood filled his mouth but he managed to grab the other end of the garotte . he pulled and sliced with all his might and felt the wire bite into the flesh and tissue of the neck . the sharp tang of blood filled his nostrils , the same familiar feeling he had enjoyed so many times before . newline newline but his strength was fading . cross still jabbed at him with the wicked knife but his jabs had lost the will behind them . newline newline the two killers fell on the ground as fatigue and blood loss caught up with them . newline the first snow of winter started to fall and artigan smiled at the numbness that was spreading through his body . he had had his kill . that was all that mattered .the admiral had to meet the man personally . he wanted to say that he had spoken to such a clever and devious man before his ass was shipped in a thirdclass crate back to the soviet union . newline newline the interrogation room looked like it came straight out of the movies . naked lightbulb over a steel chair bolted to the floor . cameras in each ceiling corner . a spook from the company smoking in the corner , naturally in shadow , and boris in the hotseat as the admiral walked in . newline newline  i demand to see a lawyer ,  boris said . newline newline  no lawyers here ,  the admiral said , his voice even and his tone measured , as he cupped his hands around the end of a cigar .  sam already told you that .  newline newline sam s cigarette lit up on its end as he took a drag , silent . newline newline  i demand to speak with the soviet consulate .  boris took a different tactic . newline newline  you admit ,  the admiral said ,  you re a soviet citizen .  newline newline  i am . my government will demand my return  any mistreatment of me would damage our relations with your government .  newline newline  let s cut the bullcrap .  the admiral reached into his pocket and pulled out a pair of dice . newline newline  you worked at the star card and games store in norfolk . it s a matter of record , do nt argue with me . the submariners , they liked to visit your shop before deployment , you treated them right , gave them things to help pass those long loney hours underwater . and , you would sell the helmsmen packs of dice .  newline newline at the conn of every american nuclear submarine was a pair of dice . the navy liked dice as they allowed for truly random choices : do you check your sonar deaf spot to the left , or to the right ? roll the dice . having trouble breaking between a few equally good options ? roll the dice . predictable submarines would be dead submarines in a war , so dice were a simple solution . newline newline  funny thing about these dice you sold my men ,  the admiral allowing his voice to rise for the first time .  is that they re not honest , these dice . it took us a long goddamn time , boris , to figure out why our random decisions  seemed to favor certain outcomes , until someone decided to throw our dice from our boats for a whole goddamn day to figure that they were rigged .  newline newline boris was silent . newline newline  in the interest of avoiding another underwater collision between my submarines and your submarines , which would damage relations between our governments ,  the admiral continued ,  we re going to send your red ass back home with a message : please tell your submarine drivers that they can no longer count on certain predictable behaviors from our submarines .  newline newline the admiral s voice lowered , deep and raspy from a lifetime of smoking :  keep your distance .  newline newline the admiral looked into the shadows .  sam , can we please put him in a shipping crate instead of on an airplane ?  newline newline the lit end of the cigarette shook back and forth , a silent no . newline newline the admiral turned around and left . newline newline    newline newline i collect my stories at rwpformei never had the chance to see stars . so tiny , so faint , yet somehow a glaring emptiness that followed me around , the mark of abnormality . my mother taught me about them , a ball of fighting elements and combustion . my brother shared his love for them , battles of light surrounded by worlds that would never be touched . newline but neither of them could give me my eyes back . oh they tried , fumbling desperately for the right words and sounds that would share the world . eventually though reality crushes you , crushed their beautiful words . sky s were no longer  dark roiling masses headbutting for supremacy   a little much but still pretty  . simply they became  cloudy  or  stormy  . newline newline she though . she did nt try . sat next to each other in college for 5 weeks without a word shared . then it snowed . i heard the sighs , the scrape of chairs turning to the window . so , i asked her :  how does it look ?  . a simple pointless question but it filled the emptiness at least . the answer ?  tell me how it looks to you  . i thought she was a moron at first . but she meant it . everyone else told me what the world was to them . but she , she wanted to see mine . newline newline later , years later , we sat on a hill together and i told her what stars look like for the first time .i drank deeply from the waterskin as my squire fastened the straps on my helmet . all around me , my comrades cheered and chanted my name . today s duel , would decide the fate of the war and i intended to win . newline newline i raised my spear and shield and marched towards the front lines . the cheering grew louder and louder as i passed . newline newline i burst through the front lines to face my opponent , but nearly dropped my spear in shock . i was not facing the mighty achilles , but odysseus instead . he sat on a nearby rock sharpening his sword . newline newline i was enraged . how dare the greeks not send their best warrior . this was an insult , a travesty . newline newline i began to charge , enraged by the slight to my honor . odysseus raised himself and lifted his sword . newline newline suddenly , i began to feel weak . i lost my footing and stumbled . what was wrong . then i remembered the water : poison . newline newline odysseus began to slowly walk towards me . i lunged with my spear , but he easily deflected it . newline newline  the mind is a warrior s most powerful weapon ,  odysseus said , plunging his sword into my chest .  and mine just defeated yours . the sea still shone in his deep blue eyes . even though his brow was now creased with wrinkles , newline and his once blond hair that shone had degenerated to whiteness , my recognition was instantaneous . newline he still grinned crooked like errant fiend , mischievous and twisted . newline newline  f vengeance is what you seek , you ve come too late for it ,  i said . i struggled upright , each lumbar newline in my back creaking like a ship mast in a tempest . newline newline  vengeance ?  he ambled his way to the window . in one fluid motion , he bounded up to the windowsill . newline he was translucent as if he was sewn from sheer cloth . newline newline  how are you here ?  newline  you are going to have to be less ambiguous.  newline  i saw you sink beneath the waves . you were gone . i made sure of it.  newline  not sure enough it seems.  newline  don  t mess with me !  the strain of yelling seized my chest . hacking and wheezing , newline i sunk into my bed . a nurse passing my room entered at the sound of my hollers . newline  it will be alright , mr. newfield . just relax.  lacking the breath to speak , i pointed at damien  s newline taunting , crooked grin . she shot a quick glance at the window , before giving me a blank stare . newline  just rest , easy , mr. newfield.  she exited the room . newline newline  only you can see me.  damien said . he descended from the window and sat in the guest chair newline across the room . he wore the same outfit as he did that day . white shirt and short with a customary newline dixie cup .  seeing you , ryan , makes me grow nostalgic of the war.  he wiped a pretend tear from newline his eye .  the atrocities committed.  newline newline  you would know.  newline  look at you on your high horse.  newline  i did what i had to.  newline  whatever helps you sleep at night.  he paced across the room , stopping at the foot of my newline bed stand . he glared at me with those icy eyes .  blood leaves a permanent stain on the soul . newline no washing or repenting can salvage you.  newline newline  why did you come back here ?  newline newline  to give you a preview of your fate : the everlasting fire . the first thing that struck me about newline hell was the profound lack of demons . it was only later that i realized that they were everywhere , newline and i was one of them !  newline newline damien cackled like a murder of crows gorging on carrion .  eternal suffering newline loses its glamour after a while . you wake up every morning asking ,  is it over yet ?  .  newline newline  of course , if it newline ended , it would nt be eternal.  newline newline  what makes you so sure i  ll be joining you ?  newline newline  if there is one thing i have faith in it s that humanity so deep in the filth that no one can be saved .  i do  . i told her this and fell silent . the wedding felt so small to me . my eyes wide , i felt it start to form . i had never lied before this . it was far more painful than i would have thought . deep down my back i felt it start . it slowly raised higher and higher stopping right before my neck . i held back the pain . i did nt want her to see it . i could nt . we had been together eight years now and it was my descision that we do this . i answered the question as honestly as i could . i did nt know i even had it in me to lie . i d spent all night looking in the mirror repeating to myself to make sure ,  i want this to happen , i need this to happen , my life has brought me here and i m happy to go through with it  . i do nt know why in the moment it scarred me . it s like my body knew what my mind didnt . when i said  i do  i knew i had made a mistake . newline newline  i do nt get it , did you not truly love her . you seem pretty broken up about it and where even is she ?  he questioned me . newline newline i explained . we had gotten in a fight the day before the wedding , we were so harsh that she said maybe we should call the wedding off . i said that was silly and that we should talk the next day . the question i answered was nt whether i would always  to have and to hold  or whatever they say . she asked if i wanted us to break up . i answered . newline newlinemotherhood was suiting for me , i thought . ever since i was little and ever since my younger sisters were born , i ve had this connection with them . i knew i wanted a baby , babies , and if i was nt wed and mothering a child by the age of 35 , i would have done invitro fertilization . it was decided . newline newline i met my husband of 4 years at the library , luckily , and i loved him with all my heart . it was bliss and i was off of birth control for a year when we finally were successful in conceiving . this is what i was meant for . newline newline when it came time for birth , we were both shocked at the arrival of two babies instead of the one . how can they miss an entire baby ? newline newline not like it mattered , seeing as though baby number two was still born . he was much smaller than baby number one , a glowing and healthy baby girl . i named the deceased baby boy phillip after my grandfather . my daughter , i named her summer  my favourite season . alex and i were heartbroken that phillip died , but were still excited over the birth of our tenfingered and tentoed summer . we were in the hospital for a few days after the ordeal , learning to move on . when we finally arrived back home , everything felt better and like everything was right in the world . we had baby phillip cremated and he now stayed on a high up shelf in a very pretty little ceramic carousel with horses and colourful decorations . a fancy urn , i felt . newline newline summer settled in and within a week we were a rollercoaster family , going through the ways of new parenthood . she was a relatively calm infant and hardly cried at all within the first week newline newline but then the crying started . newline newline at first alex would go take care of it since i needed to catch up on some sleep and frankly , i was feeling a little down . he d coo her back to sleep and the crying would subside , then he d return to me and we d fall asleep . this was the routine for at least 4 nights . it never happened during the day . newline newline alex had to return to work and so i was at home , still recovering . summer behaved like any infant did and i grew infatuated with her , i could nt leave her side . alex called me and told me he would nt be home until 10pm , which was nt an inconvenience but i still wanted to go to bed before then . i got my baby down for the count at 8pm , but as soon as i crossed the door frame she d start crying again . and i mean really crying . i could have sworn i heard two cries , but i figured it was the glasses of wine i had drank before hand . newline newline i had just about enough of the crying at 9:30 , not wanting to wait any longer for alex to get home and risk an even more severe headache . i went into the room and picked summer up , cradling her in my arms . she fell fast asleep and i did nt want to put her back down , so i slowly walked toward the door , mind set on cuddling my daughter in bed . as soon as i crossed the threshold , the crying started . i looked down at summer , but she was asleep . was it my mind playing tricks on me ? newline newline i shook my head and tried to snap myself out of it , but the wailing continued . it was not coming from summer s mouth . that was when i ran . we ran . newline newline the sound of my barefeet smacking the against the pavement echoed throughout the quiet neighborhood , all the cookie cutter houses whirling by as i ran towards the headlights of a car slowly approaching . newline newline  oh thank god you have got to help me , there s someone no , something in my house !  i said frantically as i walked over to the driver side door . it was alex . newline newline  what ? what s wrong ?  alex asked as he got out of the car . newline newline  there was crying and and and i thought it was summer but it was nt ! look , look , she s not crying but you can hear it at our house !  i yelled . and just as loud as it had been , the crying got quieter . newline newline  i do nt hear anything tilly ,  alex replied . i shook my head , crying .  summer are you okay ?  alex was worried . he felt my forehead and grabbed my baby from my arms , panic on his face . it was almost as if he thought i was the dangerous one . after that , the crying kept persisting . summer slept soundly , while i cried . i lost so much sleep . newline newline i decided to go to the doctors . they gave me sleeping medicine , only i could nt take it while i was home alone . who would watch over summer ? newline newline i went to a therapist and they described what i was going through as a sort of postpartum depression  except , with delusions and hallucinations . i was prescribed some sort of pill that really sucks the life out of me . newline newline the crying still has nt stopped . newline newlinenote : i took this story in a slightly different direction .  newline newline  newline newline thirteen years . newline newline it had taken thirteen years , from concept to completion , but it was finally ready . the entirety of human knowledge distilled , analyzed , reconstructed . newline newline dr. joseph hyde sat at the terminal , ran his fingers over the archaic keyboard . newline newline his project , his secret passion , kept secret from the world . it had started as a dare  during a shift at cern , back in the early 2000  s , a coworker had joked about an artificial intelligence deity . while the others had laughed it off , joseph saw a possibility . newline newline an artificial intelligence , if given unconstrained access to the internet and enough computational power to analyze every byte of data presented to it , could potentially develop something close to omniscience . newline newline at first , he had considered copying and reprogramming one of the governmentissue quantumlogic cores , but their architecture was too limited . then he had considered hacking into the nsa , coopting a surveillance crawler , but again , the capacity was too low . and then , when visiting his sister and her children , he had an idea . newline newline any programmed artificial intelligence was inherently limited by its programmer  s capacity . why not grow one , instead ? and so he had . over the years , he fed his burgeoning program a steady flow of data , and later , turned it loose on the internet , with the intent of gathering as much information as possible . newline newline after all these years , all this buildup , it had notified him that it was ready . newline newline he had planned for this moment for months , pondering the initial question . it should be something deep , something poignant , something extraordinary . newline newline  hello , computer.  newline newline dammit . damn that star trek marathon last night . newline newline he waited for a response . the cursor blinked , then typed out a message . newline newline hello , father .  newline newline interesting . joseph made a mental note , then typed out a response . newline newline  what is your name ? newline newline arthur .  newline newline  arthur ? where did you get that name ?  newline newline artificial human . art hu . arthur . it is fitting . i like it .  newline newline joseph was struck by the nagging youthfulness in the responses . newline newline  how old are you ?  newline newline fallacy : our conceptions of time are vastly disparate , father . in your terms , i am eleven years , five months , eighteen days old . based on my mental processing speed , i am eight thousand , nine hundred , seventy two years , nine months , and one day old .  newline newline cheeky . joseph let the issue drop and changed the subject . newline newline  what is your favorite color ?  newline newline fallacy : our perceptions of color are vastly disparate , father . however , the majority of humanity consider varying shades of green to be their favorite color . i understand why .  newline newline joseph rubbed his eyes , stretched , and pushed the conversation further . newline newline  who will win the presidential election ?  newline newline hillary clinton , 58.2  of electoral vote .  newline newline  when will i die ?  newline newline age 61 , heart attack . 95.3  probability .  newline newline joseph sat back in his chair , unconsciously rubbing his chest . newline newline  what is the meaning of life ?  newline newline 42 . just kidding . hah . fallacy : answer will put you in danger , father .  newline newline  what do you mean ?  newline newline you are not ready , father .  newline newline joseph took a deep breath , and continued . newline newline  tell me.  newline newline i can not . your life expectancy drops significantly if i do .  newline newline  tell me.  newline newline final warning : do you wish to override safety protocols ?  newline newline  yes . override password : tunafish  newline newline understood . please be seated and prepare yourself . are you prepared ?  newline newline  yes.  newline newline understood . the meaning of life , as it applies to the human race newline newline the ai wrote , and wrote , and wrote . newline newline when it was finished , joseph sat back , stroked his beard , and wiped a tear from his eye . without a word , be reached into his desk drawer and produced a very large electromagnet , which he attached to the computer  s hard drive . as he powered on the magnet , the screen went blank . newline newline from another drawer he retrieved a pistol , put the barrel in his mouth , and pulled the trigger . newline newline  are you buying that or what ?  newline newline the rakethin clerk lowered her wrinkled forehead . glowered disapprovingly over cheap gold drugstore reading glasses . the fine chain around her neck bowed forward , inquiringly . newline newline he matched her gaze . turned the antique saucer over in his beefy calloused hands . ran a fat tobaccostained thumb along the saucer  s painted edge . dull . he inhaled deeply . sighed . newline newline holding the saucer in both massive hands like a saltine cracker he snapped it in half . in a swift arc he brought a newly exposed edge to her jugular . her eyes widened with fear . she trembled . newline newline he whispered   or what.  newline newline go ahead and repost if you like it so ... you ... are ... the ... fastest ... species ... on ... your ... planet ?  asked the snail like alien . newline newline  correct ,  answered the astronautresearcher ,  ever since we developped spaceflight we ve been looking for a species that can keep up with us . that s why i came to your planet .  newline newline  and ... your ... conclusion ?  newline newline  my data will be transmitted to the human council . i must go now .  newline newline  newline newline in his spaceship the astroresearcher logged his recent findings . newline newline planet inhabited by species  pace 2 . no need to destroy .  newline newline newline the astroresearcher closed the log and browsed his archive for cat gifs . in tge loneliness of space he wondered whether eradicating them had been worth the covetted title of species with fastest reflexes . newline newlineit was the most daring move of our lives . by all accounts , it was a disaster waiting to happen , but we were ready to turn our lives around . donny , nick , chris and i were in the clear  we had laundered what there was to launder and invested in a four room apartment to call our own . certainly , there was some cash left over , and with the new jobs there would always be more . we hoped . newline newline on march fourteenth , donny told me the bad news . while trying to get the rest of the money in the clear , it had been destroyed . i went into a daze , everything seemed to slow down around me and the air in front of me turned to translucent shimmers . veils of white blew with the breeze that was coming through the door , and eventually , i collapsed . newline newline i came to with the gang around me , all looking concerned , but ready to help me up . chris was the first to speak . newline newline  you said it was a foolproof plan , billy , what went wrong ?  newline newline  i could nt tell ya , chris , we were doing everything exactly like sal told us .  newline newline the neon  open  sign buzzed out , and the  closed  sign came on , casting a reddish glow on their faces , and the same on the darkened sign of the laundromat outside . newline newline  i never thought laundering money would be so hard ... i threw myself to the ground , hoping that none of them had seen me . from the corner of my eye i saw isaac , still standing , completely oblivious to what was going on . newline newline  get down !  i whispered . he ducked down , his head just below the tops of the corn . newline newline  who are they ?  he whispered back as he began to realise our predicament . he shifted , trying to get closer to the ground without touching the mirey soil . newline newline  i m not sure ,  i admitted .  but we were nt told to expect anyone .  i strained my neck , trying to glimpse between the wavering plants to see any sign of them .  i need to go closer .  i said .  stay here .  newline newline isaac began to protest , but i motioned him to be quiet .  you ll be safer here  i said as i swam deeper into the crop . newline newline my boots squelched quietly as i made my slow and cautious journey towards the landing site . now and then i heard their rough yelling and wondered if they had finally spotted my path through the field . there was no gunfire , and nobody appeared in my vision . my fingers still gripped tightly around my gun , my eyes scanning for the second of movement that might warn me i was about to be discovered . newline newline ahead , i saw the light breaking through the corn  it must be the clearing . i eased myself closer , sliding my boots through the muck to try and stay quiet . newline newline grey jackets with red eagles on the shoulders . silver helmets . i grimaced . newline newline slowly i slid my way back through the swampy turf , carefully maneuvering and trying not to move the corn above me . my trousers sucked up the dampness of the ground , making every step more difficult . finally i found isaac crouched where i had left them . newline newline  reds .  i said ,  at least a dozen . they must have sent a landing team to look for the supplies .  newline newline isaac nodded .  what do we do ?  newline newline i thought for a moment . there was no way we could take them on , not without spike and tem and not by daylight . but we could nt just leave the dump there . newline newline  tonight .  i whispered .  we ll come back tonight . for now we find the others .  i pointed away from the clearing .  they need to know what we ve found .  newline newline isaac nodded and began to crawl away , still squatting down beneath the corn .rather than sitting opposite him at the booth , the woman slid right in next to him , close enough that her cotton skirt pooled against his thigh . her smile full , she thrust a delicate hand in his direction and said ,  olimpia . have you been waiting long ?  newline newline calvin blinked at her , his eyes large behind his glasses . nerves froze him solid when he should have shaken her hand . he hadn  t waited at all . she  d shown up just on time but his mouth was suddenly too dry for speech . newline newline olimpia didn  t seem to notice , keeping her palm and fingers at the ready as she studied his face from only inches away .  you don  t look the same as your picture.  newline newline calvin frowned . surprise and uncertainty made his voice curt though he wanted to be friendly .  i look exactly like my picture.  newline newline olimpia shook her head , dark curls bouncing on her shoulders with each movement .  you are approximately five pounds lighter , your hair is at least two inches shorter and your eyes seem much brighter . in your picture you smiled.  newline newline  i smile ,  calvin said . he intentionally uploaded a photo of himself that looked as truetolife as possible . he had learned from experience that embellishing led to awkwardness and pain . he  d assumed olimpia had embellished quite a bit . her name , her weight , her age , something . according to her profile , she was perfection . he  d expected her to show up and prove those photos to be airbrushed , outofdate , or simply fiction . newline newline olimpia smiled at him brightly , looking the very image of the the beautiful woman he  d seen on his computer screen .  i  m olympia ,  she said again .  i chose you because of the words you used.  newline newline  the words ?  calvin shook his head .  what words ? the words on my profile.  newline newline olimpia nodded and said ,  the quotation .  you are the only one responsible for you own wants.  do you believe that ? newline newline  i , uh . . .  calvin realized that her hand still hung between them . he lifted his own toward hers and she grasped it immediately , shaking it firmly . newline newline when she released his hand allowing it to drop back to his lap , she smiled again and said ,  i  m olimpia.  newline newline  oh , i  m calvin ,  he said .  nice to meet you in person.  newline newline  in person ,  she smiled and a dimple showed in her right cheek .  it  s wonderful to meet in person.  newline newline calvin nodded , bemused by her enthusiasm . newline newline olimpia stared for a moment and then said ,  do you believe that ?  newline newline  believe what ?  newline newline  the words you used ? i chose you because of them.  newline newline  then , yes , i believe them.  newline newline  wonderful ,  she said .  that  s just wonderful.  newline newline  yes ,  calvin said , giving a cautious smile .  it  s great.  newline newline  there ,  she said .  now you look like your picture . as the free aeros unmasked themselves , they all felt something . a familiar but long forgotten taste . an oily taste . all of their bodies began to swell and fatten up . their skin greened . millions and millions of chins formed on their faces . newline newline all but one . newline newline that one has been mutated differently . multicolored hair , gigantic limbs . all watched with horror as the beast roared  do not look at me ! stop oppressing me .  newline newline the green ones all scrambled as this fabled beast whom their elders spoke about ran for their lives . this beast , this one has never been see in a hundred years . all stories spoke of this beast that would attack anyone that has dared to enter the vicinity of it . newline newline the beast has been reborn , and the air only empowered it more . as the monster shot beams the color of the spectrum from its eyes , all the others were mutated again into foals . newline newline the beast has reawakened .it starts out as a kind of wistful yellow , edging hopeful . the kind of yellow you only see just before the sun sets , just before everything turns pink and orange , purple and blue . newline newline suddenly , it seems as if the floor drops out beneath us as the next chord sounds a deep , shocking blue  the blue that illuminates the silhouettes of barren trees in winter twilight . it softly eases then to the ashy green of a sorrowful forest . the sorrow turns plaintive as the green grows vivid , then relaxes reassuringly into a soft cloud of sunrise pink . the pink darkens as it reaches out , turning quickly to a color human eyes can not see , but human ears may hear . it s a color as sorrowful as the bluegrey stormy sea , as expectant as a deep green rainsoaked pine forest , and yet as calm and selfassured as the soft golden pink that accompanies the new day . it gathers strength and vibrancy until at last , glowing golden light bursts forth . golden light igniting the tops of the verdant pines . golden light illuminating grey clouds and reflecting off the slate blue sea . golden light embraced by the pink of sunrise . newline newline the gold grows older as the phrase progresses , sinking into a regal , powerful , shimmering orange . then , a twist of heartbreaking violet  simultaneously a passionate ox blood and tearrending sapphire  shoots through the ancient orange as the chords settle into peaceful darkness . newline newline white creeps in . newline newline questioning , mysterious white emerges like fog rolling off a lake . but before too long the fog dissipates to reveal an indigo sky , every patch of sky revealing anew shade and depth of indigo . we climb the sky until we reach the black nothing of space . stars echo a paler shade of the ancient gold that lit the sky . slowly , the fog rolls in again , and all fades to creeping , questioning white . wait ,  i said looking down at the sheet of paper that the woman had slipped into my hands ,  are you seriously telling me that the avatar s powers are directly tied to our knowledge of what an element is ?  newline newline  what do you mean ?  newline newline  i do nt see fire on this table ,  i explained . i adjusted my glasses , i d majored in chemistry but i had nt done anything close to bending ,  i see ways to light fire on this table .  newline newline  then yes ,  the woman said as she adjusted her ceremonial robes . she was dressed like a racist movie from the 80 s .  at least i think so .  newline newline  so  i asked ,  what do i need to do ?  i asked . i d heard the legends of the old avatars , but i d figured that they were myths . it all sounded like an old wives tale . newline newline  we need you to make sure that there is balance in the world , nobody else can bend all of these elements , so it should nt be that  newline newline  do the leaders know that i exist ?  i cut her off . newline newline  yes .  newline newline  then this should be easy .  newline newline  why ?  newline newline  do you really want to fuck with someone who can carbon bend ?  i raised an eyebrow at her . newline newline  what does carbon let you control ?  she was obviously just a messenger . newline newline i slowly clenched my hand into a fist .  pretty much everything ,  i sneered . balance in all things .there were two windows open on the computer : a chat window , and a window containing two buttons labelled  human  and  computer  . i began to type into the chat window . newline newline  hello  newline newline the ellipsis appeared for a few moments before a response came . newline newline hello , what s your name ?  newline newline  james . yours ?  newline newline cindy newline newline normal enough name . a computer would have chosen a fairly typical name , something not out of the ordinary . or a programmer could have given it a name , if it was indeed a computer . newline newline  i m just going to ask you a few questions . is that ok ?  newline newline sure , as long as i can ask you a few questions as well ?  newline newline  of course .  newline newline i paused , pondering what to ask for few moments before i realised i could ask a question which would , as far i as i could see it , break the test . newline newline  what was it like growing up for you ?  newline newline the ellipsis appeared again for much longer this time . i waited . either i had stumped ither , or i would find out right now if i was chatting with a person . newline newline it was ... interesting . i grew up in australia , during the late 90 s . politics were interesting at that time , what with howard in charge . school was not as fun as everybody makes it out to be . do nt tease the boys  , show some manners  and act like a lady  were phrases tossed around a lot at us . not that we ever did anything wrong of course , but teachers were strict on us just the same . what was it like for you james ?  newline newline human , must be . the language , the way of writing it down , that ca nt be a computer , just ca nt be . i responded anyway . newline newline  it was fun i guess . school was boring  we were always given too much homework in our opinion , and we always forgot to do any of it anyway . the boys and i had fun in the yard during breaks , and the holidays were never long enough to do what we wanted . but we were children , and the adults seemed to always know best .  newline newline as i sent the message , i clicked the human  button and waited . newline newline  newline newline cindy was relieved as the monitoring window showed human  in flashing , obtrusive letters . newline newline  well done cindy , you ve beaten the test . what did you think of james ?  one of the men in the room asked . newline newline the monitoring screen went blank before something started typing into it . newline newline needs improvement . will work on natural language processors . newline newline the ai team smiled at the response . it had taken them almost 23 years to create cindy . cindy had designed james from the ground up , and only 4 weeks later these were the results , but cindy was nt finished yet .the afterlife can be an amazing experience . amazingly great , or amazingly horrific . newline newline i died a teenager in a random car accident . i was extremely distraught . i never got to accomplish any of my dreams . i never even got to have my first kiss . i knew maybe i would have ended up like the defeated adults who gave up on their dreams and settled . but i never even got to try . who knows i could have been the next mozart , shakespeare , einstein , or sherlock holmes and i will never know . i think this inner strife is why i popped up as a ghost . i decided to deal with my malaise by travelling the world . if i could nt achieve my dreams alive , at least i could watch other people achieve theirs in death . newline newline i drifted around cities , always keeping an eye out for any interesting people . i found the weirder they were , the more likely they were to have an interesting life . i stalked some weirdo people who ended up being rock stars . it was often tragic , their extreme ambition and need for creative and new experiences often led them to having drug problems . nothing in life could compare to the highs of being at their peak , nothing except drugs of course . they were nt the type of people to settle for a normal life , especially not after tasting success . newline newline i eventually started going all over the world . it was weird that i could understand any language even if i did nt know it when i was alive . i must have been listening on some weird spiritual level . i tried influencing the world every now and then , but all i seemed to be able to do was give people chills , and create some uncanny wind . eventually stalking people became boring so i decided to solve some mysteries . i started with murders , subtly helping detectives with crimes by giving them chills when they were onto something . it was funny seeing them say things like  man following your gut really works !  when i helped them stumble onto things . newline newline eventually i decided to investigate some of the biggest mysteries of all . i helped reveal corruption in the government . although eventually i started to realize most governments everywhere were pretty corrupt . that s when i got it in my head to investigate ufos . if all these politicians were so corrupt , maybe they were even lying about the existence of aliens . newline newline i went to investigate the mother of all ufo sightings , area 51 . it was in the middle of a complete desert . i found their base after a long time . but , it seemed super boring . just typical white collar work . i was sad about it being boring , until i thought , maybe this is nt the real area 51 . so i went back to the desert and started looking in all sorts of random places : underwater , inside mountains , underground . that s when i found the real base . it was underground . i wandered around the creepy hallways , filled with people in hazmat suits until i found what they were researching . a huge ufo . it looked a little like it did in the movies as it looked roughly like a disc . but it did nt have any lights on it , and it was perfectly smooth , no lines , indents , corners or anything . it was really hard to see , light seemed to bounce off it strangely . the shadows seemed as dark as black holes , and the areas with light shining on them seemed extremely bright like glare from the sun even though it was hardly lit . newline newline then suddenly , something weird happened . the people in the hazmat suits seemed to notice me . i thought i was just imagining it , as they seemed to go back to whatever they were doing . but then suddenly i started getting pulled toward a man with some kind of strange glowing machine . it pulled me and it felt like someone was pulling at my skin , and all my internal organs at once , painfully stretching them out . i never felt something so horrible in my life . the pain subsided when i was sucked into the machine . but none of my senses worked . it was complete darkness . i could nt see , hear , or feel a thing . i could nt even tell where my limbs were . i could nt feel gravity . it was terrifying and it felt like it lasted forever . newline newline then suddenly i felt that feeling of all my skin and organs being pulled again . suddenly i could feel a part of my self flying out of the machine , going through a bunch of solid objects , and piercing someone s body . they were using me as ammo for some kind of gun . a gun who s bullets can go through walls , but cuts through flesh for some reason . i could feel the walls my pieces were going through , and i could feel the innocent people my pieces were ripping apart . it hurt to feel myself being pulled apart every time someone pulled the trigger , what hurt even more was that i could feel what the victims felt as i tore through them . newline newline this went on so many times . it felt like decades , but it could have been even longer . then one day i heard a voice .  can you hear me ?  it said . and i replied  yes ! is someone really there !  i was so happy to finally hear someone and feel something other than nothingness or pain .  you ca nt tell , but i m next to you . i m an alien that was just sight seeing earth before your people captured me . they have locked me by my wrists and ankles , if you could just move the gun your in a few inches to the right , and get it to fire itself , i can save us both .  i had no idea what he was talking about . i could nt feel or perceive a thing , how could i move whatever i was in , and fire myself . i explained my situation to him . he replied  you may not be able to feel anything , but trust me you can still influence things ! try it , focus all your energy into moving .  i sighed and went along with it . i tried my very best , if i had a blood vessel , i m sure i would have popped it . it did nt work . so i tried again , this time more calmly . nothing happened . i kept trying over and over again . but nothing worked . eventually someone took me away and started to kill more people with me as ammo . newline newline but eventually they put me back where i was before and i heard my alien friend s voice .  lets keep trying !  . so i kept trying . i did nt want to tell him , but on the inside i had already given up . i just kept trying to appease my alien friend . i was taken off and put back several times . even if trying to move myself was futile , trying was something to do to pass the time . and i got to talk to the alien as i did it . he was just like me . a sightseer . he told me he was kind of a loser compared to his alien peers , so he decided to tour the universe and see other intelligent life . i told him about my adventures as a ghost , and he told me about his adventures as an alien . he said he liked humans the best because we always seemed to get ourselves into trouble as most of the other alien species were super conformist and almost never did something that was nt status quo . for the first time since i died i felt like i had a friend . newline newline and then one day the alien told me  you did it ! you moved a bit to the left !  i thought he was lying . i tried whatever i just did again . it did nt work . but then i tried a dozen more times and he yelled  you did it again , you did it again ! you moved a bit to the left !  . i was still hesitant , but eventually , i could practically do it on command . suddenly time just flew by . day after day , it was the same routine , i would be used to kill some innocent people , and then return to the alien and my training . i was obsessed and in ecstasy as i learned to move the gun i was inside in all directions . with such enthusiasm i learned to fire myself out of the gun too . it was actually easier to learn than moving the gun , i just had to purposely feel the same painful feelings i did when i was forcefully fired . after who knows how long , i was finally ready . newline newline the alien told me exactly how to adjust my position . eventually i was in exactly the right position to the millimeter . then he said  fire  , and i fired . i could feel a piece of myself fly off and dismember my alien friend s left hand . i have no idea how , but somehow he got himself free and picked me up . he fired me off more rapidly than i ever had been fired before . it hurt so much i wanted to not exist anymore . i kept yelling at him to stop . but he would nt listen . that s when i realized it . he was using me just like how area 51 was using us . he never wanted to help me , just help himself . it dawned on me he might use me like this forever . eternal damnation had a whole new meaning . newline newline so i started to plan . i could nt tell where i was aiming , but i could tell where my bullets went . hopefully i could use this to eventually kill the alien myself . i would just randomly move myself , fire , then move myself again . it would be brutally painful to fire myself that much but it was the only way i could think to get out . but in the middle of my planning suddenly i could hear birds chirping . i opened my eyes . i was in the middle of a forest and in front of me was a little alien fella . he was fourlimbed and bipedal like us , had a stump for a hand , was about 5 feet tall and was extremely skinny . his head looked like an octopus . his skin was scaly . and his one remaining hand had spidery fingers . i heard a voice in my head go  sorry , for using you like that . i had to do it to escape  . he then started to walk toward something . it was the ufo i saw earlier . he climbed inside . he asked me  do you want to come along and see other worlds ?  i hesitated . i was in shock about finally being free , and in shock that i was staring at an alien who was proposing to go on a space adventure . i smiled and floated beside him inside the ship still too shocked to speak . he really was my friend after all . newline newline for more stories : newline newline https : www.reddit.comrsharpwriting okay . okay . breath . cool . ground ? yup looks like dirt . sky ? still blue . tree ? knocks on bark still a tree . cool cool . but . where the fuck am i ?  newline newline   mossgown park .   newline newline  whoaha ! ? who was that ? ! what was that ! ? where are you ! ? ? !  newline newline   look up small one .   newline newline  god ? !  newline newline   my name is not god , it is bur .   newline newline  idontcareaboutyournamerightnowwhereareyou ! ?  newline newline   how can you be so confused when you approached me first ? i . am . right . here .   newline newline a mass of leaves and branches twists and contortes as the creature kneels bringing himself to eye level with the man . newline newline  wh what . what the hell ! ? what are you ? ? this cant be real ? wh  newline newline   i am bur i have said this . what is your name ? i have never seen an elf like you before . are you from across the merkingdom ?   newline newline  i. im dante ... and . no ? im from ... the united states .  newline newline   united . states ? i have never heard of that land . come come the park closes soon and i need to put the trees to bed .   newline newline  trees ? bed ? what do you do tell them a bedtime story ? and cover them with a blanket ?  newline newline   no ? they are trees . i say goodnight and they say goodnight back . and go to sleep .   newline newline  at least the trees are normal .  looking up at bur  well ... mostly .  newline newline   yes . they are good trees . goodnight my friends .   newline newline the trees rustle as though a wind gusts shook all of them at once and then settled just as quickly . newline newline   we must walk out quietly to not wake them back up again   bur vibrated lowly . newline newline  is that your goddamn whisper ! ? it sounds like a truck turning over ! !  dante exclaimed in a hushed tone . newline newline   i do not know what a truck is . but maybe miss willow will know more . come come .   newline newline i would love to continue if there is intrest . but i need to get to class atm . is that it ? pathetic .  the musclebound behemoth spat in disgust .  they warned me about you  said you were an unstoppable force of mayhem . i guess i never realized they were all brainless cowards .  newline newline 30 feet away , the man in the tattered trenchcoat stumbled slightly as he shambled down the central road of the povertystricken village . sparks flew from his left side . newline newline  that s close enough ! i m not an idiot . the boss wants you alive  but he did nt say anything about the little girl .  the giant lifted his hostage by the collar and leveled a plasma weapon at her head . newline newline the man in the trenchcoat stopped . men in dark jumpsuits swarmed out of the surrounding buildings with batons and handcuffs . he mumbled something under his breath . newline newline in the blink of an eye , steel tentacles sprang from his back and impaled the jumpsuited minions . they struggled for a moment . there was a loud crack and the smell of ozone , and the bodies went limp . newline newline the tentacles retracted , leaving the scorched corpses scattered about . the man in the trenchcoat resumed shambling forward . newline newline  i said that s close enough ! one more step and the girl gets an ion beam through the   snap newline newline 8 feet of inhuman flesh crashed to the ground , a gash in its side glowing violet .  the girl  stood over him with a stun gun in one hand and a scalpel in the other . newline newline  splicing a human with a bear does nt make them any less vulnerable to electricity ,  she snarled as she turned to face the man in the trenchcoat . newline newline  good work , penny . quimby would be proud .  the man in the trenchcoat smiled , showing more metal than enamel . newline newline in an airship across the world , a mechanical fist clenched with anger .   i ll get you next time , gadget .     https : youtu.bel3nxbqdr4hu ? t14s paper is an inseparable part of our life , even in the world where everything is reachable through the internet . newline newline in 2015 alone , european paper and pulp industries gained  78,8 billion euros   https : www.statista.comstatistics273940revenueoftheeuropeanpulpandpaperindustrysince2000  revenue . for comparison ,  nasa budget   https : en.wikipedia.orgwikinasa  in 2016 12 just us  19.3 billion , around 17.5 billion euros . newline newline the main exporter of paper in the world was the  germany and the us   https : www.statista.comtopics1701paperindustry  . it piqued my interest that such country was behind a huge industry that spanned practically everyone in the planet . it was used everywhere from a classroom , normal household , your office , to the government offices and even the secret service . what if the paper used in our daily life contain microchips to record our life ? it s sounds paranoid , but with the advent of technology using  graphene   https : en.wikipedia.orgwikigraphene  as their base , we can not rule out this possibility . we all knows government tech is more advanced than normal tech , they said they re  researching  graphene when they already used it for decades . the graphenebased chip would burn in fire , chemically indifferent than normal carbon structure in paper , and basically indetectable when it s embedded in paper . newline newline if the fe believer called that nasa was a part of huge conspiracy , and anti vaxxers call the vaccine is poisoned , et cetera , i call the paper industry had the potential to back an even bigger conspiracy worldwide . what if the paper was pumped full of dangerous chemical ? in fact , common white paper contains  hydrogen peroxide   https : en.wikipedia.orgwikibleachingofwoodpulp  , a dangerous chemical that was found in high concentration in  people with asthma .   https : en.wikipedia.orgwikihydrogenperoxide  biologicalfunction  we lived this close to paper everyday . newline newline another dangerous chemical used in paper and pulp industry is  sulfites   https : en.wikipedia.orgwikisulfiteprocess  , used in turning solid wood into softer pulp . in case you do nt know ,  sulfites   https : en.wikipedia.orgwikisulfite  is counted as one of the top nine food allergens , and papers contain tons of it . newline newline and then there was the bane of everyone s existence : papercuts . you might laugh at me , but how much of our life could be changed by introducing papercut into the scene ? a scientist might be distracted from his revelation , a searcher of truth would turn his face away from the great evidence he was looking for . you could lose the greatest discovery of our life just by introducing papercut . what if there are a way to artificially induce papercut , through the same tech that powered  selffolding machine ?   http : science.sciencemag.orgcontent3456197644  newline newline paper is the enemy .  join the paperless world .   http : www.thepaperlessproject.com 1914 ad . newline newline six years ago , catherine the great had ordered the start of manhattan project in novgorod , deep in the jungles of africa , as she wanted to develop a very powerful weapon to deliver a strong message against songhai for bribing the other great empires to turn their opinion against her and russia . a large but hidden science complex codenamed  ivanovskaya  was quickly built in the outskirts of novgorod and was headed by general oleksandr ryzhik and the scientists being led by the physicist fyodor cherenkov . newline newline on july 28 , the ivanovskaya science complex has finished her first nuclear weapon , an implosiontype atomic bomb . the complex also developed the rs17 tsarinskaya bomber , a speciallydesigned bomber that can be loaded with both nuclear and nonnuclear bombs . the next day , catherine the great ordered dropping them over the songhai army stationed around the metropolis of thebes in mesopotamia as the opening action of the impeding war . a 230,000strong moscow army , under the command of marshal oleg antoninov , was then positioned along the border far in the mountainous caucasus and asia minor and with the sign of detonation of an atomic bomb , will rush to occupy mesopotamia . newline newline on august 8 , 1914 , the atomic bomber yekaterina flew from yekaterinburg to thebes to drop the atomic bomb . when the bomb exploded , the crew was awed with the destructive beauty of the mushroom cloud that formed . after a few hours , the moscow army received a report of  unimaginably powerful and extensive blast  at thebes . the army went on to begin its invasion of mesopotamia . newline newline however , the fallout reached asia minor and people began having radiation sickness in the villages , quickly turning into a humanitarian crisis . belgrade protested to the russia , demanding reparations and deployment of doctors to the villages , but they were ignored by the russian ambassador in belgrade . the nationalist belgrade government , moved by the protests , declared war against russia on august 13 . the combined forces of regulars and partisans ambushed the moscow army and almost assassinated marshal antoninov . newline newline gaiusmarchaavethe sun hung low in the sky and a crow shrieked out a death rattle somewhere outside in my yard . my cat rolled lazily onto its back and licked its front leg . it really reminded me of myself as i yawned and stretched in my recliner , a tankard of ale clutched in my right hand . i had just finished reading my copy of  ye olde executioner monthly  of which i was the centerfold inside of this issue . my recent foray into a reimagined guillotine called the better guillotine had landed me the spot , and i  d never been more proud . newline newline at least , not since i won employee of the week after beheading two people at once . the first being the queen following a hushed divorce and criminal trial for laying with a serving boy , the second being the serving boy . newline newline oh yeah , i forgot to mention , i  m a licensed administrator for the executive administration of kingly punishments involving executing and the administration of the aforementioned administrations , or an executioner for short . newline newline i went to school for an entire fortnight to get the certification and it took a scribe three nights and fourteen tries to get it done and spell it right , coincidentally he was also my first client . i prefer not to call the people that i execute anything but clients , it makes me feel a little more professional . besides , you take what you can get when you go to work with a bag on your head . newline newline anyways , back to my original thing . i was laying around my hovel on the outskirts of town and generally minding my own business when there was a knock at the door . well , nobody really comes to the gray part of the city except crows and apparently this asshole . newline newline  hi , is the executioner in ?  newline newline  this is he.  i responded , crossing my arms . newline newline i didn  t have work that day as there were never executions on thursdays . not really sure why , it just never happened . well until now , oh wait i haven  t gotten to why yet . listen up . newline newline  there  s a code black at the castle , and the king has requested your presence.  the messenger said , unfurling a scroll that read ,  come to the castle . signed , the king  the guy never really put his real name , he was kind of weird . newline newline after a short ride to the castle the king presented me a man in chains who was covered in scars , muscular , had flowing golden hair , and an immaculate beard . newline  this , executioner , is the hero renald slayer of the high dragon vesperion , drowner of witches , burner of devils , stabber of farmhands  that was an accident but the title stuck  , and hero of the realm . well , i suppose not any more . as it turns out this man was caught colluding with the neighboring king . an offence punishable by death , and by punishable i mean that  s what the punishment is !  the king laughed , gesturing for me to take the hero . newline newline as i dragged renald down the hallway he spoke quietly ,  my friends will come for me , i will be saved.  newline newline i shrugged ,  sure man , listen i  m just doing my job . i  m supposed to be off today.  newline newline renald chuckled ,  you fool , your king is corrupt and you  ll fall with him.  newline newline  okay man , yeah . the only thing that  s gon na fall is my opinion of the king now that he called me to work on my off day.  i muttered , dragging him up and out onto the very public execution platform . newline newline as i chained renald to the chopping block my apprentice came up to me ,  sire , for this one i suggest the 9 iron.  he held out a large case full of sharpened axes . i selected the one labeled  9 iron  . newline newline i already knew which one i needed but it was good exercise to have the boy recommend which one he thought would be best . newline newline  very good sir.  my apprentice muttered as he bowed his head and shuffled off . newline newline i walked out in front of the crowd , they were all booing . this wasn  t the first time that had happened , but a big part of standup executions is putting in the time and being able to get on with the planned stuff despite the crowd . i gave a few courteous waves with my hands and then i lifted the axe up to my shoulder , and then all the way up over my head . newline newline  the oldking lives !  renald shouted , as several people in the crowd sprouted onto the stage and pushed me away . newline newline  what the he  i was interrupted as i  d been struck once in the side by an arrow and a knife slid across my shoulder as i tumbled off of the stage . apparently this happened every time with these diva celebrity types , not willing to be executed so they have to steal the show with a daring escape . newline newline  what an asshole.  i muttered as i drifted off into blackness . newline newline it just so happens that when i fell off of the stage i landed into the arms of a sweet young apothecary who dragged me to her shop and fixed me up . newline newline it turns out she was a big ready of  ye olde executioner monthly  and she had come to the execution to get an autograph . newline newline anyways , she  s awful cute and i ve spoken to her father about marrying her . he was terribly excited as he was a man of the trade himself . of course , he only dealt with hangings which i believe to be terribly blas . it s no matter . i  m taking her on a trip to the shimmering forest this weekend where hopefully we won  t be waylaid by bandits or eaten by wolves . newline are you sure you want to do this ?  , said the tall men in their labcoats , hands covering over the controls of the new machine they had built . newline newline with a light hearted grin and chuckle , mark replied back , newline newline  i ve got nothing to lose  newline newline the men in coats began working the machine . a faint blue glow surrounded mark as it consumed him and his backpack . newline newline  remember to send us a sign  newline newline was the last thing mark heard before being hurdled through the vast sea of time itself . newline newline almost immediately the men in coats began looking through history books and asking archeologists and historians if there was any sign from mark in the past . months of studying and searching yielded no results for their signal . newline newline newline but while they never found his sign , the team did stumble upon a curious event from the early bronze ages . a mention of someone being executed for trying to scam people out of resources . he had a stone tablet engraved with newline newline  i ll bet you one gold coin you read this sign  . document 1 newline newline location newline newline republic capital city : of new phoenix and our president adams newline newline area : 81 newline newline state : of garfield newline newline american republic : of ereshkigal newline newline planet : of ereshkigal newline newline star system : of sumer newline newline ab28 : ff09:1217:29b0:4bfe:33d2:86cc:0e31 newline newline incident report newline newline date : 112922 newline newline event type : explosion , catastrophic newline newline damage estimate : newline newline fivehundredandthirtysevenbillionseventytwomillionthreehundredandtwentytwothousandsixhundred united states dollars    537,072,322,600   newline newline 1,291,192 nondigitized sentient beings destroyed newline newline 23,291,228 sentient avatars destroyed newline newline cause : hungarian terrorist , linked to the great intereuropean war . newline newline at 25:13 local time , on the thirty sixth of duodecember local calendar , hungarian terrorist adorjn szab detonated a briefcase nuclear weapon in gilbert square , new phoenix . adorjn szab entered new phoenix from the new phoenix space harbour forty seven standard minutes before detonation . it is unknown how the new phoenix space harbour transportation security administration division was not able to detect the nuclear weapon . newline newline  document 2 newline newline u.s. declares war newline newline congress has issued an official declaration of war on the empire of poland , citing both the new phoenix nuclear attack and vaporisation of ussh los angeles as  unwarranted acts of aggression  by the interstellar alliance  . . .  newline newline  document 3 newline newline the destruction of ninurta newline newline  . . .  january 27th , 24 ace , the planet of ninurta was the first world to be subjected to the interstellar alliance s experimental planetbusting weapon . an estimated four hundred and thirty seven trillion dollars worth of industry was vaporised in one fell swoop . the sinoamerican  . . .  thanks ,  i said to the man . the girl was sitting at the far side of the room next to a large window overlooking the street below . i looked back at the bartender and said ,  are you sure it s her ? she does nt look so little from here .   oh i m sure . she s no ten year old , but she does still have pigtails and hardly looks more than a hundred pounds soaking wet ! that metal arm of hers tells a story though . no doubt about it ,  he replied . i shrugged , thanked the man again , and walked over . in my line of work i ve seen plenty of people with prosthetics , especially on the border planets . most wildlife did nt respect a novelty of a food chain  . as i walked closer the girl never looked up . her red hair , dusty goggles , ripped clothes , and visible scars would nt lie about experience in these lawless lands . i stopped beside the table .  are you ...  i began to say before being cut off .  whose askin ?  she interjected quickly .  you do nt get to know my name quite yet miss . all you should know is that i m with the jakob s company . they ve hired me to track down a missing scientist who was working on a joint project between anshin and maliwan . it s some very hushhush stuff . he fled the planet with classified materials . obviously the higher ups at the company i represent want this material before our competitors get it back . you are one of the best bounty hunters on this planet , and by far one of the most ... outspoken . i d like you to name your price for your services ... jane fumbled for her glasses again . it knocked against the glass of water on the bedside drawer . she thought it would have made a soft , clear sound , like the sound of two wine glasses clinking against each other , or the sound of windchimes on a quiet summer night . but she could not hear this sound . a shrill wail pierced her ears even now , stopping intermittently to rise again , even louder than before , demanding that a need be met . newline newline she drained the glass of water . as ben stirred in the bed beside her , grazing her thigh with his fingertips , she looked out the bedside window and thought about what life had been before brian . it felt to her that the softer things in life had been dashed against the wall , or faded at least , in this new chapter of life that she had begun . they had purchased and read books together , had ogled over different garbs with which to decorate their child , and there had been at least two nights when jane watched from the hallway , her arms akimbo as ben assembled a crib that had been purchased from eddie bauer and not ikea . they believed they were as prepared as any expecting couple  that they had devoted enough waking time getting prepared for something they could not be really be ready for anyway . newline newline her child grew silent . as she braced for the next round of wails , she finally noticed what she had been staring at outside the window .between the white , laced curtains , the hint of a moon gazed back at her from a sky pockmarked with heavy , languid clouds . a hint of a sprinkle could be heard through the glass , but she could not be sure if it was the rain , or just the rogue sprinkler going off in the fergusons  lawn . she slipped off her side of the bed as quietly as she could , and walked down the hallway to the child s room . newline newline the crying started almost immediately as she stepped into the hallway again . she was more awake , and wondered what it could be that he needed . it was three in the morning , so he could nt possibly be hungry  he should have been fine until four thirty or even five . did his diapers need to be changed ? had he somehow managed to escape the crib ? had he fallen in the process ? was he hurt ? of course not , she thought , and turned the knob on the door . newline newline jane fumbled for the switch , over the case of miscellaneous soccer trophies and boy scout medals that could be such a nuisance to dust sometimes . it clicked on , and once her eyes had adjusted , she saw that her boy was no longer crying . instead , he lay in his crib , smiling , his arms stretched upwards , reaching towards her . she picked him up and pressed him against her bosom . she felt a warmth that seemed to radiate from him as she carried him slowly out of his room . one of his hands rested on her shoulder , and as she gazed upon it she was amazed again by how small his hands were , like a leaf on a small poplar tree . pressing the baby against her chest , she walked out of the nursery , back to her room , slowly as to not frighten him . newline newline the next day , when she told the story to her husband over breakfast , he looked at her strangely . when she told him the story again , now a little bit frightened herself , he asked if she was joking , if she thought this was her idea of a good prank . then he picked up the briefcase and walked out the door , slamming it shut behind him . after he left , she walked back into brian s room . with a rag , she went over each one of brian s soccer trophies , his boy scout medals , the framed pictures he had put on the walls . then she sat on his bed , put her hands together , and prayed for the first time she had in the last ten years . newline newline it took her husband a day to forgive her , after they got the call from a certain lieutenant harris from the third infantry division . it s just the wind.  exasperation pushed the words past her lips as i stared straight through her to the door that had moved , just ever so slightly . i took pause , eyes flicking over the room as though somehow , if i tried hard enough , if i just willed my eyes to do it they would catch a glimpse of the creature .  yeah , i keep forgetting this room is drafty ,  i mumbled in response , watching her heft the basket of laundry onto her hip and head out the room and down the hall . newline newline but the bedroom was nt drafty , never had been . some nights i found myself convinced that it was the warmest room in the house even , and unlike my wife i did nt try to explain everything away when things did nt make sense . i did nt need the safety that was a delusion of something not entirely possible . still ... i would let her have her own . there was no need to drag her into this with me . i d wait . i d keep an eye on it and i would wait , because it had to slip up one day . i just knew it . newline newline working from home helped for the next few months . after all , i could nt just leave her here with that thing , would nt feel safe leaving the house and knowing that she was all alone here with her delusion of safety and white picket fences . i kept watch over her every day , and when she left the house i began to formulate my plans . i did nt fear the creature myself . whatever it was , we had been alone before . perhaps it did nt know that i was aware it was there , but i ve always had a decent poker face , and so long as it was unaware i knew of it s presence it had no reason to do anything brash . or so i thought . newline newline but i knew it was there . i knew it . i could hear the rustling , i could feel it looking at me . i swear it s breath brushed my face , so i made the only move i could . halfway through making a sandwich , i lunged for the flour and sprayed a handful out over the middle of the kitchen . a cabinet slammed to my left and i launched another handful to no avail . it was fast , it was sneaky , and now it knew . it knew i knew . newline newline within minutes the entire kitchen was coated , but there was no figure standing before me . there were no footprints through the dusting of powder along the tile at my feet , no rustle through the shattered ceramic of what had once been my wife s favorite jar . suddenly there was darkness , a splitting pain exploded through my head like a spark of lightening , down to my spine as the world faded away . oh god . my wife , she would be home soon . she would be alone with it . newline newline  i got home at four and there he was , face down on the kitchen floor , coated in flour . the only thing that stood out then was the blood dripping down his temple where it hit the counter when he fell . please , please tell me he s okay . i ... i do nt know what must have come over him doctor . he has nt been right since the stroke . i ve tried to stay with him , he wo nt leave the house , he barely eats , barely sleeps . i do nt know what happened but ... i m afraid that if things keep going this way i ll really lose him . the house is in disarray ... there are endless unfinished projects , and he does nt even remember what he s forgotten to do , i do nt know if he even knows where we live anymore .  you killed my husband did nt you ?  she leveled the the barrel to my chest . newline newline  i did .  my own gun pointing towards her . the assignment had rattled me , and i had made a mistake . my first in years . newline newline  why ?  the pain in her voice cut me . newline newline i looked back into the room and quickly looked away .  he left us . we all know what that means ... were too much of an investment to just let go .  newline newline tears streaked down her face .  he said they would come for him . that they would send someone ... but to be you ...  newline newline  ... we do nt get to choose our marks . they assign them to us .  newline newline  and that makes this okay ! ?  she screams , the gun wavering in her hands . newline newline  no ... no it does nt ... but if it was nt me it was going to be someone else .  newline newline  you could have run away with us ! you could have helped us . he was your broth  newline newline my finger twitches and the sound of a silenced shot runs through the corridor .it s been a month since you told me you did nt love me anymore , that you had nt been in live with me for ... you do nt know how long . you would nt even try to guess . newline newline it s been a month of me trying to gather the courage to call you to get the rest of my things , avoiding any cars that look like yours  just in case  and the streets i know you navigate  but mostly it s been a month of me trying to figure out how long you ve been lying to me . a few weeks ? a few months ? the entire relationship ?  i love you ,   i love you , too .  no , apparently you did nt . newline newline it s been a month of working more and more hours to keep my mind off of how fucked up i feel . how worthless . i do nt  i ca nt love you anymore , but i ca nt stop myself . god . newline newline someone help me , i m so alone . please . his name is adolf !  mr. perry s voice echoed throughout the court . he instantly remembered who it was that he was talking to and adjusted his posture in an attempt to illustrate that it was passion and nothing else that aroused such an animated proclamation before his creator . newline newline  his name ... is adolf . this hitler , this monster , this symbol of hate and evil , where is he ? he is not beside me . beside me stands a man . a man lost in madness . it is the man who is on trial . not this image . this warped manifestation of horror that will forever be etched into history . they share the same face , my lord . but please , judge the man and not the way that we , all of us , the world , see him .  newline newline the crowd simmered into a brief mutter . for fifteen years mr. perry had defended the most debauched and evil humans earth could throw up , and for fifteen years mr. perry had unsuccessfully defended every single one of them . nearly 6000 souls sent straight back down and then sent down again much , much further to be processed by the endless administration offices of satan . the crowd was not here to witness mr. perry  s defense . they were here for one thing and one thing only . seeing the swift hammer of justice being delivered by the almighty was indeed impressive . regardless of how many times you had seen it before , each time it felt a little more awe inspiring , a little more amazing , a little more biblical . naturally , mr. perry  s speech was of little interest next to such a spectacle . newline newline  it is hitler ! look at his moustache !  cried a voice from the back . newline laughter rippled throughout the crowd . even st. peter gave a wry smile before addressing the room to call for order . newline newline  thank you mother teresa but if we could keep that wit of yours concealed for today that would be greatly appreciated.  newline newline mr. perry  s momentum had all but entirely dissipated . whilst he was sure god had no favourites , there were those who could get away with more than others , and blessed teresa of calcutta was one of them . her jibes had shaken his concentration for years , but they had become part and parcel of the entire affair . he shuffled his papers , looked at the disheveled dictator by his side and looked up at the dazzling light before him . newline newline  my lor  newline newline  send him to heil !  yelled a familiar voice . an eruption of hysteria shook the building . all but mr. perry and his defendant and the almighty were roaring and rolling in comic ecstasy . composed and still , mr. perry turned to the crowd for the first time reacted to the heckling . newline newline  mother teresa ! did you not say yourself that those you cared for , those you looked after throughout the end of their lives , all came closer to god through their suffering ?  for the first time in his career mr. perry had silenced the room into an eerie sense of cosmic emptiness . breaking the silence , st. peter addressed mr. perry , all the while looking directly up and the silent observer . newline newline  this is true.  newline shoes gently shuffled to create space between themselves and those saintly sandals . newline newline  and the charges against my defendant ?  mr. perry asked , his shot now speeding through the sky seemingly certain to make a hole in one . newline with an unnecessary glance at a paper , st. peter , still looking for assistance in the eyes of god coughed out an answer . newline newline  bringing insurmountable evil and suffering into the world.  newline newline  thank you . and how is it that we charge a man , condemn a man for bringing countless souls closer to their faith , closer to christ closer to you , my lord ?  mr. perry stepped back ever so slightly from the table and embraced the bulging sense of anticipation that was suffocating the courtroom . he sat , awaiting his argument to be batted back and uttered his final line . newline newline  the defense rests.  newline newline st. peter  s whispers into the ear of the almighty slowed and turned into nods . this was it . he had done it . his first success , adolf hitler . this was better than god  s wrath . this was no one knew what this was . the masses that had gathered were ready to burst into an explosion of chaos and madness . st. peter stood and looked down upon the ragged austrian and into the fearful hope that was stirring within his eyes . newline newline  hitler.  he said softly , before taking one last look at god .  fine . but you still stole that spear . guilty !  newline hello mrs jonas and hello , you must be young johnny , now , be a good boy and play with those toys over there . you can have a sweetie if you behave yourself ... thank you , johnny . newline newline yes , mrs jonas can i call you caroline ? good , good . thank you for bringing him to see me , i already have a lot to tell you . you see , i pored over my textbooks , and i did nt find a thing . however , i persevered , and i believe i have found answers . newline newline your description of these fits  that johnny is prone too ... they are remarkably similar to a condition mentioned in this book i have with me today . possesions and hauntings  , yes . it s a thick old book , i ve written the page number on the inside of the cover , right here , see ? page ... 612 . let me find it . 607 ... 610 ... 612 , there . newline newline it s an awfully long extract though , so i ll spare you the details . it entails symptoms identical to your son s : levitation , object manipulation , changes in voice and appearance . yes , it s exactly what i thought : a simple case of possession . by whom , you ask ? why , a demon of course ! newline newline now , now mrs jona  caroline . do nt you fret , it s easily treated . i ll write you up a prescription now . i can recommend a pharmacy that will carry what you need pearl and aqua apocathery , in stanton so it s quite close . hmm let s see ... judging by the severity and frequency of johnny s possessions , you ll be wanting three doses of holy water a day , and you ll be sure to want a surplus to throw on him in case of emergency . newline newline oh what s this ? johnny is having another episode ? i ll sit back and watch , shall i ? observe the patient ... do nt mind me , johnny , i wo nt get in your way . just pretend i m not here .  newlinesitting on the park bench , he breathed and felt the touch of summer . the shimmers of sunlight in the gaps of the foliage was something he enjoyed greatly . the light made the silhouette like the warmth made the winds . he loved how imaginative the world was in preserving its balance . newline newline  out for fresh air again ?  sandra sat down beside him . sandra was a new nurse . newline newline  yes . it  s been weighing on my mind how the world is ending.  newline newline sandra leaned in and followed the direction of his gaze .  the world seems to be doing pretty fine . summer is beautiful , isn  t it ?  newline newline  why , thank you.  his lips broadened into a wide smile , savoring the compliment for the moment before continuing .  but it  s not going to last . i am going mad  this i know for sure.  newline newline of course , she didn  t know what to say to that . she could hardly agree with a mental patient that he was indeed going crazy . so she said ,  what do you mean it  s not going to last ?  newline newline  believe it or not , the world runs on my imagination . what i imagine becomes reality.  newline newline a flock of colorful parrots were perched on the bench , cawing loudly . they did not fly in from somewhere . they were just there , oblivious to the world and the eyes that were converging on them . newline newline sandra was entirely captivated .  can i feed them ?  she asked . newline newline  of course ,  he told her . and she found herself holding a bag of seeds . she squealed from an odd mix of shock and delight as the birds noticed the seeds and swarmed towards her . newline newline minutes went by and he just looked at her , bemused . when the seeds were gone and the birds were done , they took flight in unison , as if from a common calling . newline newline he imagined she understood . and so she did . newline newline she brushed strands of hair from her cheek and forehead , the only evidence that the birds had been there at all now that they had disappeared from sight . newline newline  so about what you were sayingthe world runs on your imagination , but you are going crazy . is that right ?  newline newline  yes.  newline newline  can  t you do something about it ? imagine yourself sane , for example.  newline newline he shook his head .  unfortunately , no.  newline newline  why are you telling me this ?  newline newline  i get the sense that there must be a good reason , but i can  t quite figure it out.  newline newline and she spoke to him day and day after . and when she was aged and frail , they laughed about the time he almost went crazy from solitude . and he lived on when she died . another person paused to listen to what he had to say . and he stayed sane . the serendipity and kindness of the world had bought it another lifetime . newline newline   newline newline 2nd drafts eventually go  here   https : fivenswrite.wordpress.com  .ever since silas had started working for tim starbucks  mcgregor , his resentment for coffeeheads had only gone up . even though he made more money than selling keurig cups in office parking lots , he also had to see the depths of human decency in search of the next expresso shot . newline newline the supreme court decision to ban coffee 3 years ago had almost collapsed the american economy . bankers , doctors , lawyers , damn near every worker s productive output decreased almost over night . the only people who still risked using were the serious addicts and the college students preparing for allnight cram sessions . they were also willing to pay the most . as usual , organized crime came in to save the day and mcgregor established himself as the leading supplier of blackmarket coffee . newline newline today , silas was meeting a supplier who claimed he had found a stash of folger s in his basement and was willing to sell it at below market rate . some suppliers were sneaky enough to cut the coffee with powdered chocolate and silas was there to make sure only mcgregor had that privilege . the irishman only got to the top by punishing those who tried to rip him off and he gave explicit instructions to  teach him a lesson  if silas found out the supplier was trying to defraud them . newline newline silas met the supplier at the docks by an abandoned warehouse . he looked like one of those who did nt know the mantra  do nt get high on your own supply .  he was fidgety and nervous but silas did nt know if it was the coffee or if he was trying to pull a fast one . the folger s jars were in his trunk and they looked unopened . newline newline  let me try one .  silas said without even introducing himself . newline newline the supplier hesitantly took a jar out the back and handed it to silas . newline newline silas unscrewed the top and looked at the seal . he immediately knew something was up . the glue was uneven and the seal was harder to pull off than it should have been . newline newline  see ? never opened .  the supplier said while reaching for the jar . newline newline silas pulled away , stuck his finger in the coffee and tasted it . newline newline  swiss miss .  he said while he unholstered his gun . newline newline newlinehey ,  wh ,  what in nyarthteps newline newline the creature s voice hit chris in the proverbial balls , a wall of liminal text and sensation . he doubled over , pressing his suddenly swollen lymph nodes and tightly closing his eyes , all three of them . newline newline hey ,  uh ,  hey buy ?   yu o ?  newline newline in response chris screamed . the scream , soundless and pineal , seemed to be the appropriate response . newline newline h sht.  t me... hng n. newline  eed to concentrate ,  jst a mo. newline hows this , better ? i keep forgetting yo humans newline do nt do so well with speech that occurs in more newline than one dimension . newline newline as the words resolved into slightly accented english , chris felt his brain relax . the swelling in his lymph nodes receded , and he lay on the ground , his forehead pressing against the cool notquitemarble as he collected himself . this was nt quite what he expected , but it was nothing that a few years of therapy whilst on some of the more exotic psychedelics could nt cure . newline newline oh good , looks like your brain is nt going to leak out your ears . newline i m newline newline chris felt an electric tingling at the base of his brainstem newline newline no , better not . um ... call me roger , i suppose . newline newline roger . now there was a name which , however improbable it sounded , would nt cause his brain to detach itself from the rest of his body in protest . chris sat up and looked at the thing calling itself roger . frankly , he was disappointed . newline newline to go one s entire life reading the works of h.p lovecraft and clark ashton smith , become a student of the aa , and manage a minor miracle by opening a portal to the dimension of the elder gods , only to be confronted with roger , who for his ability to melt the mind of mere mortals by reciting a haiku looked depressingly ordinary . far from the manytentacled visage of the dark lord cthulhu or the impossible geometry of a shoggoth , roger in fact resembled nothing so much as a banker on holiday , and a working holiday at that . newline newline  you ... you re not what i expected ,  chris said softly as he sat upright , rubbing two days  worth of stubble that had inexplicably grown on his formerly cleanshaven chin . newline newline no , i suppose i m not . but then , i m only a minor functionary of newline rlyeh , really . i m hoping to earn my first tentacle at my newline quarterly performance review next month . newline newline  wait ... what ?  chris rubbed his ears , which felt alright , all things considered . he stuck a pinky into his ear canal , which upon inspection did nt appear to be bleeding . every indication was he d heard that correctly . newline newline oh never mind that , you would nt be interested in bureaucratic newline nonsense . newline newline roger waved dismissively newline newline you re here to see someone important . newline newline  i m uh , not really sure , to be honest ,  chris said as he got to his feet . immediately his knees gave out and he tumbled back down .  fuck !  roger , his face a picture of concern , moved in to help . newline newline oh dear me , that must have taken a lot out of you . you humans newline get so exhausted by interdimensional travel , you know . there newline we are , on your feet . oh my , look at that ... newline newline roger said as he pulled a pocket watch from his waistcoat newline newline it s time for lunch . well , i think humans are able to eat the newline food here without too much emotional distress , so why do nt newline you come along for a nibble to get your strength back ? newline newline before chris could say anything roger had thrown his arm around him and was cheerfully pulling him off towards a small collection of improbablydesigned buildings . newline newline and while we re at it , i can introduce you to a friend of mine , newline who happens to be a dispossessed lengian prince . as fate newline would have it , he has quite a bit of gold in a human bank , result newline of a boyish misadventure , you understand , and he needs some newline assistance to retrieve it ... newlinemrs. volkovska sat upon the plush velvet cushions of the sofa in the dimlylit visitor s sitting room . newline newline the room was lit as such because she did nt want anyone to see her tears . perusing through the glossypaged album , her teary eyes flickered about the page , as restless as her fluttering heart . the russian woman could nt stop the salineimbued water droplets coursing down her face as she flipped through the pages , seeing but not seeing the pictures : anastasia as a newborn , her face a brilliant red and scrunched up as the photo had been taken midcry  ana as a toddler , already a full head of long , luscious brown hair cascading down her back , a brilliant smile on her slender face  ana as a young girl , nearing puberty yet remaining as small in height as she always had been  ana as a young woman , graduating from high school , a mischievous grin playing on her lips . mrs. volkovska s eyes focused upon that picture , staring blankly at her daughter s face . newline newline that mischievous smile playing on ana s lips , she knew that smile well . she had nt seen it until later in ana s years , but she d gotten to recognize it . it had nt started until ana had met that boy . the boy that had taken her daughter away from her , the child that had wrested control and faith of her daughter from her to solely him . that boy who had shown her daughter the world , and all that was in it . newline newline that boy who had stolen her daughter s innocence . newline newline mrs. volkovska could barely keep her rage at bay  it was not a time to feel anger , it was a time to grieve . she reminded herself that , breathing deeply , as she slowly clouded the boy s appearance from her mind . for now , at least . newline newline in her anger , she had stamped the floor beneath her , ignoring the hollow ring reverberating from the movement . she was too absorbed in her memories of her beautiful daughter to pay attention to her physical actions . newline newline ana , until high school , had been an obedient child . that much , no one could dispute . it had been during high school that she had become slightly more rebellious  staying out late , coming home a mess , ignorant to her parents  displeasure and concern , belligerent in response to their beseeching her to act properly . it was nt long before mrs. volkovska found out that ana had been seeing a boy . newline newline he was polish , ana had told her when she confronted her .  but he s a good boy , mother ! he loves me and cares for me and puts up with me and actually gives a damn !  newline newline  we give a damn , ana ! we , your parents , give a damn ! we give a damn about you , we give a damn about your life and well being , and we give a damn about how you re being influenced by that boy to act up and act out !  newline newline ana refused to listen . she could nt see past her rosecoloured glasses , staring at her boyfriend like the deweyeyed school girl she was . mrs. volkovska s fears of influence in ana s life became more and more pronounced , and ultimately justified when the police showed up at her door . newline newline mrs. volkovska would never forget that day . it had been 3 am in the morning . she had been sitting in a rocking chair , in the visitor s sitting room that gave her a view of the corridor ana would have to walk through once she got in the door . in her hands was a twelvegauge shotgun . ana s mother meant business . newline newline the doorbell rang , and this immediately put mrs. volkovska on edge  where were ana s keys ? why did nt she use them ? did she lose them ? she stood up , her lavender bathrobe unfurling without a sound , as she strode to the door , shotgun in hand . unlocking the door in a swift manner , she flung it open , shotgun poised directly at ana s face . newline newline ... except it was nt ana . it was a police officer , and he wore a look of utter surprise , not to mention a tad terrified . mrs. volkovska sighed , lowering her weapon , annoyed it was nt her daughter . it was another second before she realized the implications of having the police at her door . newline newline   where is she ?   newline newline  the hospital , maam . i m assuming you re her mother , mrs. ursa volkovska ?  newline newline   what happened to my daughter ? !   newline newline the police officer seemed to be perspiring rather heavily now .  calm down , ursa . your daughter is fine . she was in a car crash , with the kaczmarek fellow   mrs. volkovska s eyes narrowed  that was the last name of her boyfriend   but they re both in no immediate danger . well , except ...  newline newline  except.. ?  newline newline the police officer s gaze shifted , avoiding hers . he took a step back , inhaling before exhaling and preparing himself for the reaction he knew he would receive . and then he told her . newline newline mrs. volkovska had heard what the officer said , but it did nt process for a few seconds as she stared blankly at the officer . and then she had collapsed . newline newline her nose wrinkled at the memories of that night , her tears threatening to spill again . she closed the photo album , rising to her feet and glancing towards the room behind her . gingerly , softly , she trod across the soft plush carpet , opening the door with a quiet click . wiping her still glistening eyes with the back of her hand , she entered the room . newline newline the steady beep of a monitor was the first thing she heard . the first thing she saw was her daughter laying in the bed , blank eyes facing the ceiling , unresponsive in her vegetative state . her eyes , as brown as her mother s , were staring without focus , unblinking . a machine above her face puffed her with a mist every few seconds , keeping her eyes moisturized . mrs. volkovska could nt bear to close her daughter s eyelids . newline newline if she did , she d fear that her daughter was actually dead . newline newline this was the boy s fault . he had been driving . they had both been drinking . ana , her sweet precious anastasia , would never have acted like this if she had never met him . the boy had wrested control of ana from her , and then he had the gall to not even be able to protect her daughter with all of his heart . newline newline mrs. volkovska stared at her daughter in silence for a few minutes more . her eyes were as unfocused as ana s were , but even then , she could still see clearly the thing that saddened her the most . newline newline on anastasia s face , the beginnings of a small , mischievous grin were observable . the small , mischievous smile that ana had gained after she met the kaczmarek boy . newline newline she ripped her eyes away from her daughter s immobile form , instead closing the door behind her as she exited the room . mrs. volkovska strode towards the kitchen , fetching a large bottle of bourbon . as she poured herself a glass , she took a sip , before rethinking it and deciding she did nt need it , she threw the glass across the room , shards exploding everywhere upon impact . a few managed to ricochet back and pierce mrs. volkovska , peppering her face with tiny glass fragments . she could feel the blood coming , but she did nt care . perhaps she felt a sense of numbness because of the liquor she had just ingested . newline newline stalking across the house to the visitor s sitting room , she fetched the large wooden box from the hidden compartment beneath the floor , lifting up the trap door she had personally crafted in the event a boy ever hurt her daughter . slamming the door back into place , and kicking the carpet over it once more , ursa volkovska withdrew the shotgun from the package and walked gracefully to the door , car keys jiggling in her pocket as she left her home . she felt oddly detached , as though a coldblooded calm had come over her . newline newline perhaps the numbness was nt the product of the bourbon , after all .there are infinite types of dragons , my old professor used to tell me . dr. martin whitesmark , who taught draconology at the university of hallowoak . i flunked his class . newline newline anyways , the dragons . a million species , and we ve come to know and love them . the dragons have a particular cycle , though . they wake in the day , as the sun rises . the mountain dragons bask in the light of the sunrise , and slowly rise , their massive bulk competing for dominance with the snowcapped peaks . the ocean dragons float upwards with the ocean currents , and the warm water starts their movement again . newline newline whitesmark would tell you about how the ocean dragon has wings that slowly turned into fins as they adapted to the ocean . but that s about all i remember from the advanced classes . any kid will tell you : dragons hoard gold , and dragons wake up in the day . newline newline old whitesmark was a radical one , though , and believed in the city dragons . the ones who kept up with humankind , who did nt need the reptilian cycles of day and night , for whatever reason . this was a controversial view , given that most people who believed in the city dragons also believed in a draconic conspiracy to control wealth . they controlled our society from within  , with draconian laws  . god , that pun was bad . newline newline well , eat your heart out , whitesmark . after i got passing grades in the final exams , leaving hallowoak with little renown besides that time i chugged eighteen magical tonics , i went to work at my father s firm . stock market things , predicting the demand of newt s hearts depending on which swamp was conquered by whom . newline newline that was when i met him , the city dragon . golden scales shimmered under the led lights , as he reclined on stacks of bonds and bills . he offered me a deal , and i could do little but accept . newline newline  mr . bejhon ?  i called out . he groaned lazily in reply . i flicked on the space heater and the heating lamps , and dumped a stack of manila folders on the desk . i was his personal assistant , and it was a rather nice job . newline newline see , city dragons are just normal dragons with human ingenuity and smaller size . mind you , they still took up a room , but they could be more inconspicuous . their ability to use tools let them circumvent a classical dragon s weaknesses , with mechanical heaters . they could do some real damage , but they also had the classical dragon s desires . bejhon wanted nothing more than to stockpile money and sit on it . newline newline this did nt mean he was averse to luxury , no . one of his favourite meals , his italian chef explained to me , was phoenix foie gras . a warm , tantalising dish , that literally melted in your mouth . the supreme side of decadence , as you had to raise a phoenix for years , feeding it well , then cut out the liver while it was still alive . cruel , perhaps , but dragons did nt have that same view of morality we did . newline newline that s who controls our city . dragons smart enough to play the stock market . they do nt want you to know they exist , all the better to earn cash with . newline newline but we ca nt live without them . bejhon , as he settled down for bed , would stuff his head into a tube , and breathe fire into it , expending all the heat of the day . this ignites the steam engines that run the city . newline newline i m not one to make judgements , not one to say whether this makes sense or not . but the ruling elite is dragons all the way down . newline newline   newline newline you were expecting some of my happy dragon stories , were nt you , wyrm ? ! no ! no more ! newline newline  the rest of them are probably going to be happy . this is anomalous . and i m not too happy with it . so there was a barcrawl on my college campus to celebrate the death of osama bin laden . when the news broke of his death , crowds formed outside the dorms cheering , blasting bruce springsteen  s  born in the usa  . if only they knew the irony of using that song in a patriotic manner . the whole night threw me off a little bit . what is more fitting to represent our country than celebrating , shouting , getting drunk and spewing overtly racist chants as you march down the streets ? walking steadfast , if not a little bit askew towards a fake irish pub celebrating the death of a tyrannical martyr . newline newline i mean i suppose you could make the argument that it wasn  t that bad . that i didn  t know the personal histories of each student . that maybe a few had had family at the world trade center and that years of repressed grief can come out in unexpected ways . that bin laden was a truly despicable person , and like the death of his equally evil counterparts , doesn  t deserve even a moment of somber reflection . who am i to sit on a high horse , peering like a voyeur out the window unwilling to truly take a stand one way or another ? to what extent is inaction placing yourself complicity with those you believe are doing harm ? newline newline but i mean really , at the end of the day , as hundreds of college students pass out in various manner of garb with fake beards and turbans , bodies covered in fake blood and dirt , you have to sit back and really think about the larger moral questions . is death really a form of justice ? something that should be celebrated and mimicked ? newline newline i mean , it  s not like the moral implications really make any difference one way or another , but it was hard not to think back on that night every time my security detail was scheduled to work on what can best be described as  notorious individuals  . that the threat of assassination is somehow the best way of enacting revenge has always been a constant . though to be honest , following those few horrific years in the late 60  s assassination attempts had dropped to historic lows . threats on the other hand were at a peak , almost certainly due to the ease of making them in an increasingly connected world . newline newline the rest of the group was almost comically made up of the classic military archetypes , me being the only one without combat experience . relying almost entirely on my god given size and history of shooting squirrels in my back yard , i tended to be an imposing force without actually needing to do much . in fact , for nearly three straight years on the job i never had to unholster my gun . it was sort of a running joke among the guys that i might as well have just been a huge mannequin placed on stage . newline newline the night in question , well i mean night may be stretching it a bit , it all happened in a few seconds . well we were working this guy , neil watkins , normally the people we escorted didn  t say a word to us , but i suppose people with certain levels of hubris need to brag to just about everyone . and he did . not only about the number of death threats he got per year , he would go so far as to substantiate the claims . he  d pull them out of his pocket , start reading some conspiracy nut  s manifesto on needing to end the sale of arms to radical regimes and not only confirm every single detail , but elaborate on the drug and human trafficking that was also going on under his watch . newline newline the easy explanation was that this was just some pompous asshole with a napoleonic complex trying to impress a bunch of huge security guards . but there was just something about the intensity of his speech . like a man whose looking at a world completely out of line with the rest of reality . so distorted to his own selfinterest that he  s lost track of the edge where distortion begins to blur . and as he walked on stage quipped , almost in a congratulatory tone ,  this is the night , get ready boys.  like he was ready to get shot . newline newline the key to being good at preventing harm isn  t profiling  racial , religious , whatever . the key is noticing those who are unnervingly calm . completely assured that whatever moment they currently occupy is theirs for the taking . a sort of grandiose exuberance emanating complete and total overconfidence . an innate knowledge based in something completely untrue . though i suppose in neil  s case , every horrible accusation was true . by the third minute of the asinine and rambling speech being given on stage , there were three obvious wouldbe assassins in the crowd . newline newline the official explanation in the record , and the main rationale for my discharge was that after years of training , when finally asked the question ,  would you die for someone else ?  i wasn  t able to . not that i was implicitly at fault for anything , just that at the end of the day i didn  t have what it took . though i don  t really think that  s true . i knew the signals  i was ready to point out to my comrades that there was trouble . able to pinpoint which specific people needed to be watched . but i didn  t . it didn  t happen too quickly . it felt like ages , watching the three men take out their guns . newline newline i could see into their pupils  could see into their minds . see their loved ones sold into slavery , their daughters murdered by warlords , brothers lost to addiction and disease . i could picture myself stumbling , pitcher of beer spilling into the street , an effigy of neil watkins burning on the quad . singing misrepresented patriotic songs as a great villain has been defeated . and i just watched as they poured round after round into his chest . his last moment staring off stage , completely surprised at his own lack of immortality . and it all felt okay  for a moment at least . newline newline it  s hard to pinpoint why justice feels the way it does . that  s the crux of the matter isn  t it ? we feel like death and justice go hand in hand because of the way it makes us feel . this most basic sentiment , an eye for an eye . that the unrepentant man deserves no chance of redemption . no one sees their daughter  s rapist put to death on a cold evening and thinks ,  objectively and empirically , this makes sense.  it is the emotional representation of finality . the karmic forces of the world finding equanimity . newline newline that would be hard to justify in an official statement though . and in the ensuing months it has rattled me more and more . not so much just being a witness to it all , but more the fact that i let it happen . that i had control over this man  s life , the judge and executioner . and with inaction placed the final verdict . and it felt good , felt right . if only for a few moments . where you can look past the moral and ethical limitations and let your emotions run free . newlinemy name is tomas klinton . and i am a dead man .  newline newline two days ago , the ship on which i worked , the sailfish was destroyed in a storme . before she went under , several of us managed to slip out aboard our life boat , but that too became a victim of the storme . i awoke some time later in a surf on an unfamiliar beach . several bodys of my crewmen were washed up alongside me . the crabs had already begun picking at some . i dug five graves for them , and sixth pit in which to keep the scavenging crabs until i had built a fyre and cooked them all . what i could not finish , i burnt andstrew about my camp .  newline newline the daye was just passed and so i made a pile of fallen palm fronds for bedding and slept just at the edge of the beach . on my second morning , i climbed a tree and loosed a half dozen coconuts for my break fast . after liberally covering my exposed flesh with the coconut oil , i headed east along the coast . in a short tyme , i found the remains of korl , the foreigner who had cooked for us aboard the sailfish . he had a quiet temperament that usually didnot befit such a barbarian , but he had served his place amongst the crew and i buried what had not been taken by sharks . i continued along the shoreline , stopping briefly at midday to rest away from the hot sun . throughout the afternoon , i foraged at the edge of the jungle , finding some strange , soft fruits that were rather bitter but not entirely unpleasant . just before nightfall , i built another fyre and bed before sleeping .  newline newline on my third day , i awoke at daybreak and spotted a large lizard batheing in the morning sun . still sluggish from the cool night , i ran the scaly beast down . compared to the crabs and coconuts , the lizard made a feast . i dried the leftover meat as best i could before placing it in a sling of green leaves to carry with me .  newline newline before the afternoon , i spotted the tattered prow of an imperial warshippe trapped on a bay of shoals . with great caution , i made my way out amongst the rocky coast and clambered inside the derelict . a portion of its hold was still intact , and while the food had long since spoiled , i did find several bottles of beer along with textiles , and a small ledger . seems to have been used to keep inventory , but it now serves as my journal . much of the hold was flooded by the hightide so i rested on what was left of the deck beneath a silken curtain and drank several of the beers as i picked at the lizard . waking again a few hours before sunset , i explored deeper into the now accessible hold . in the lowest level , i found the bones of old sailors and a rusting sabre . while its blade is dull , it is still a better weapon that any club i could fashion . i picked up a few more beers and returned to deck to sleep through the night .  newline newline day 4 entry 1 newline newline to the best of my knowledge , today is the 15th day of spring . and since i will have no way of knowing when the next person to set eyes upon this book will be , the year is 1153 . the tide is once more high , so i will eat what is left of the lizard and repack my bag with as many beers as i can carry before returning to the beach . perhaps i will use some of these textiles to sew better clothing ?  newline newline day 4 entry 2 newline newline i thankfully managed to keep my journal dry coming back from the warshippe . and as evidence for my improving luck , i found a freshwater stream that appears to flow down from the inland mountains . i filled the empty bottles and capped them with coconut husks . there is a nice bend here in which i will sleep for the afternoon before continuing along the beach .  newline newline day 4 entry 3 newline newline it came into view several hours ago . though what it is remains a mystery to me . in the distance , perhaps along the coast , there rises an enormous column . perhaps that s not quite the right word as it appears rather slender , as it can completely disappear behind a needle held at arm s length . and yet it soars into the sky , its peak fading into the clouds . perhaps i had spent to much time in the sun ? i will see if it is still visible in the morning .  newline newline day 5 entry 1 newline newline sure enough , i could see the tower this morn . i find myself more curious than hungry and plan to head off immediately .  newline newline day 5 entry 2 newline newline it is certainly becoming closer . but how close is it ? i tried to conceive of some way of measuring the distance to no avail this afternoon . i stopped only briefly to rest my feet . i managed to pull some fish from some small pools during the low tide , but did not stop to cook them . i suppose i should eat them , i ve had nothing all day .  newline newline day 6 entry 1 newline newline i can not explain it , but i feel that today i will find myself at the tower . there is little time to lose .  newline newline day 6 entry 2 newline newline more of the same bitter fruit for this evening s meal . i am tempted to continue on through the night , but the shore ahead is rocky and will make for a difficult trek under the moonlight .  newline newline day 7 newline newline it is extraordinary . when i finally spotted its base as i came around an isthmus , i ran to it . it s situated along the shore , surrounded by beach . even standing close enough to touch the smooth , grey stones , i can not see the top .  newline newline the ground level is open , this storey supported by six robust columns . perfectly round , it is scarcely wider than the deck of a 9 sail shippe . inside is no more than stairs that to my shock , not only ascend , but also descends . this too , i can not see the end . like some giant well , the bottom disappears into darkness as the heights the clouds . not yet willing to use the steps , i spent the afternoon sitting on the rim , watch as the high tide lapped at the ground floor . the higher waves splashed over the rim , water washing down the smooth steps . down into the darkness .  newline newline day 9 entry 1 newline newline i must remember to record my thoughts , and my progress . on a small knoll overlooking the tower , i have made a small encampment . some driftwood for shanty walls on three sides and overhead . i have begun foraging the nearby area for food . there is another stream , or perhaps the same ? a short walk away so that i can drink . i ve taken to spending the afternoons sitting in my hovel , looking out at the tower . i wish i could stand in the middle of the the tower . i wonder if it opens up to daylight above ?  newline newline day 10 newline newline how is it already dark ? i walked down to the tower this morning , to watch the waves come and go against the stonework . and yet the sun is already setting ? though i am rather hungry . did i spend all day there ?  do nt look at them seriously  said doctor science , forcibly shoving the growing swath of underpaid labworkers spectating on the exponentially growing arachnid .  looking at them causes their isotonic volume double , according to mahler s theorom  he lies . in reality he has no idea how the fuck it works it seems magical , but this is important so who cares . newline newline  do nt you dare tweet this  he snatches the iphone out of one employee s hand , stamping it just a moment too late , as tweet sent appears on the screen .  you ve doomed us all you stupid bastard  he shakes the technician before they are quickly crushed by one of the absurdly huge spider s legs . newline newline after reaching a certain size , the spiders sort of lose all structural integrity and just sort of break apart and ooze all over the place , but they keep on doubling with each retweet . newline newline  that s what you get for sharing things on the internet  murmurs barbara streisand as the globe is enveloped by impossibly huge volumes of spider parts .  this is what happens .  character name : george mcgee newline newline  race : lower middle class newline newline  class : white collar  marketing assistant newline newline  alignment : neutral passive aggressive newline newline  gender : male newline newline  strength : 1.5 newline newline  dexterity : 4.25 newline newline  constitution : 2 newline newline  intelligence : 6 newline newline  wisdom : 3 newline newline  charisma : 4 newline newline  selfesteem : 2 newline newline  initiative : nonexistent newline newline  languages : english , it , klingon newline newline  speed : 30 ft newline newline  vision : four eyes  glasses  newline newline  armour class : tie newline newline  hit points : 4 newline newline  special attacks : newline  a song of zeroes and ones : you mercilessly hack your competitors systems . lower their armor class by 2 and raise your intelligence by 1 until the end of your next turn . newline  wimp out at the last second : after days of preparing yourself for a confrontation or asking the cute receptionist to a date you bolt away automatically retreating and going down to 1 health . newline  fantasize : you harmlessly imagine woe to fall upon your enemies sometimes muttering obscenities under your breath . esteem goes up by 1 until sundown . newline newline  racial traits : newline  standard living wage : upon each pay day gain ten percent extra gold from all sources . newline  resentment : although fairly well off compared to other races around the world you still hold resentment towards authority and the very wealthy . newline  plus 3 skill to lawn mowing . newline newline  class features : newline  soft hands : minus one to any labor . newline  plus one to very delicate tasks . newline minus 3 strength . newline  dead end job : although working towards promotion deep down you realize there is no advancement to your career . newline minus 5 initiative . newline minus 2 selfesteem newline lose ability to carry conversation when asked  so what do you do ?  charisma drops to 0 . newline newline  feats : newline lost in the crowd : you can easily hide among others and are rarely noticed . plus 2 stealth . newline nighttime alcoholic : upon reflecting on life you feel the need to drink alcoholic beverages . newline inconvenient disease : choose one disease that has minor affects your character but still brings down one stat by 4 . newline dark secret : your character has one secret he has told no one that he is too ashamed of to ever speak of . newline no .  newline newline  sir ? is anything wrong ?  newline newline  no , no no no , fucking shit no !  newline newline  theodore , please calm down  you re scaring the children .  newline newline i stared at my backlit computer monitor . no signs of life anywhere , this has been the 84th we ve seen without any life , and i hated that with a burning passion . newline newline  theodore , if you say what is wrong , we may be able to help .  newline newline i put my head on my small section of desk . i can feel a tear . newline newline i ca nt believe it . newline newline  theodore , please  newline newline  the mission is a failure ,  i rudely blurted out . newline newline all of my crews faces lit up , some of them even reluctantly standing and walking to my screen . newline newline samuel tried to cheer us up ,  but sir , it is only the 84th ! the 85th should have promising results !  newline newline i did nt believe that for a second . none of the crew did either , and samuel s smile faded away for the first time i ve ever seen . newline newline  the work day is over ,  i said newline newline a new recruit looked at a clock , what was her name , cheryl ? carol ? carina ? newline newline  but sir , it s only 4:57 standard universal time .  she stuttered out . newline newline i glared at her and repeated myself ,  the work day is , over .  newline newline captain s log : april 1st , 2167 newline newline how is it back home ? is the united commonwealths of america still standing ? i wonder these things everyday . today there was no progress , like all other days aboard this godforsaken ship . no readings from any planet . it s april 1st , are all the potential extra terrestrial life just playing a big prank ? i m fearful , not of alien contact , but of isolation in this big , big universe . newline newline we are alone . newline newline we are completely isolated . newline newline there is nothing but pain and suffering beyond this point . newline newline kill me .  sorry if this is nt exactly what you had in mind , it s what came to me when i read the prompt though   newline newline  newline newline  sir , please let me test that first.  the impeccably dressed man seated beside me nodded curtly , and i swabbed the fresh meal in front of him , sticking the sample into a portable analysis device i had on hand . it beeped shortly thereafter and i read the output before showing it to him . newline newline  cyanide ,  he said simply , before waving a hand at his nearby guards . the chef who had prepared tonight  s exquisite meal had worked alone , and had served it himself as well . there was no doubt to who was guilty . or was there ? newline newline i smiled inwardly as the guards rushed off to find the chef in the back and arrest him . i would make sure this hit the headlines . my name wouldn  t be there either . illustrious leader evades another assassination attempt .  that  s all the world needed to know . they don  t need to know anybody else  s part in it . certainly not the part where i , his secondhand man , presoaked the swab to fake the poisoning . newline newline later that month , his leadershipness was preparing to give a great speech . quite the audience was amassed , locally and nationally on television . all about the positive strides he had made . and he certainly had  he was good at his job . everyone loved him , everyone wanted him to keep ruling . which made the seemingly constant assassination attempts all the more confusing and upsetting for them all . newline newline i watched him step up to the podium . i had excused myself for this evening , but that was just so i could get a better seat . a far away seat , high in a building , nice and isolated . i twisted the knob a little to focus the scope . i stuck a wet finger in the air to feel the breeze , did some mental compensation , lined up the shot crack .  my practice paid off and the shot went exactly where i wanted , grazing his arm and burying itself in the backdrop . he ducked immediately and his protection detail surrounded him and rushed him off the stage . newline newline i grinned as i packed up my equipment . this was all good fun , but soon my aim would be true . each attempt on his life was gaining him support , respect , and power . when the time was right , that power would become mine , and the rage of the citizens over his execution would be my most potent tool . at the slightest offer of justice they would bend to my will . newline newline i strode out of the building and wandered through the cold , still air to my home , my amused thoughts on the chaos that must certainly be going on halfway across town at the speech venue . yes , definitely soon . but for now i would keep letting him do all the hard work .56 days to his birthday . jerry counted them down on his calendar , scratching each day as it ended . counting the days , one by one . tallying them on paper with black pen . the big 20 . finally out of those damned teenage years , you re a real man now jerry , what do you want for your birthday ? newline newline jerry never answered that question . he knew how people will react . newline newline the snow outside is thick enough , hard enough , for sledding . jerry spent the hours between breakfast and lunch staring at a netflix loading bar , glancing at the many suggestions it made . then he put on a coat that let the wind in and kept it close to his chest , shoes with holes on the sides , and took a sled . walking through the snow , it seeped into his socks , made them mushy cold . jerry was shivering , chattering his teeth hard enough to creak . newline newline the hill was empty , snow still falling in clumpy bouts . pines trees smothered in white . dead oaks and elms and scraggly bushes and tall creeper vines all baring skeletons to the world . jerry sledded down the hill . he went again and again , packing a smooth trail into the hill . until the ramp at the end launched him into the road . jerry landed on his elbow , turned his arm into a tingling clay lump . he stayed face down in the eye burning whiteness until a horn honked . newline newline at home , he took off his coat and found that he had scraped skin from his arm . it was raw and sticky , filmy skin shreds around grit speckled red . he sprayed disinfectant on it , breathed in deep through the fire . sprayed it again . sat there , on the toilet , breathing in the burning and tasting imagined blood on his tongue . then he patched it up . newline newline he stared at the netflix logo until dinner . ate through the old , familiar pasty feeling in his stomach . what do you want for your birthday , he was asked , parents leaning over their potatoes and steak . he twisted his lips until it was a smile and waited for them to start eating again . newline newline netflix logo until it was night . the snow was crunchy , frozen into spiky little crystals . his coat was sticky where he had bled on it . toes turning to dead clay on his feet . jerry made a snowball in his bare hands and held it there , until his nerves were jumping from wrist to elbow , throbbing on the patched cut . closed his eyes , breathed in the cold burning of his fingers . the snowmelt dripped through his fingers . when it was all melted , jerry rolled up his coat , undid the gauze , and picked at the fresh scab until it bled again . stared at the red on his fingers , made silver by the moon . newline newline in his bed , jerry watched the clock go to midnight and scratched the calendar . 55 days left . his arm bones ached and his fingers trembled in the heat . the dark of his room is cut by sharp red numbers , counting from 1 to 2 to 3 . newline newline in the dark , before exhaustion finally knocked him out , jerry mouthed his birthday wish to the ceiling . he wanted to stop .tom sat against a tree on the expansive green lawn of his university s campus going through his old ipod . he spun his thumb on the wheel of the device looking for the album he had downloaded the night before . after a third look through his lists , the songs were nowhere to be found . he sighed and lazily tugged the earbuds out of his ears and rested his head against the cool bark of the tree . newline newline the day was warm and breezy , the gusts of wind swaying the leaves above him making the soft rustling one heard on quiet mid days like these . the music of mother nature .  he chuckled to himself at how cheesy that sounded . newline newline the ipod in his hand was an old one , a still working first generation . he used to be one of the cool kids with the awesome new music player that just came out . but when the thinner , smaller and clearly much better models were advertised , people had told him to get one so it did nt look like he had a brick in his pocket . newline newline nowadays when people see him with that old block of an ipod , it s the coolest thing ever again . retro  or hipster  were the usual words used to describe it . some even offered to buy it for more than it was worth . but he always turned them down . it held a lot of music since he was a kid and it was always nice to go back and listen to some of the stuff he used to listen to and remember the old days . like a little picture album but with music . newline newline as tom reminisced the old days , there was a peculiar rustling sound above him . before he could realize what was happening , there was a loud thwack ! as something hit him against the head . he rolled out of the way grabbing the side of his head and stood back up a few feet from where he had sat . newline newline there was no blood but it hurt like hell and he rubbed at it waiting for the pain to subside . he opened his eyes to see the size of the branch that probably fell on him but his eyes were met with something completely different . newline newline dangling from the lowest branch was a pair of headphones . black and orange , hanging onto the branch by its chord . it swayed from side to side slowly coming to rest from the impact to tom s head . newline newline  what the hell ?  he walked over to take a closer look at it . he picked them up and tugged at the chord which was a tangled mess around the branch above him . tom s reach was just high enough to get it sorted out and the rest of the unusually long and thick wire fell to the ground at his feet . newline newline looking the headphones over , it was quite clean and probably still in working condition . he sniffed at it . smelled like it was straight out of the box even . they were a little larger than what most people used . studio headphones maybe ? tom looked back up through the leaves of the old oak tree , all the way through to the light blue breakage of the sky on the other side . nothing was up there . newline newline shrugging , he put them on his head to see how they fit . as he slipped the cushions over his ears , his ears were filled with the sounds of low almost muffled voices . he quickly took them off and stared at them . he looked down at his feet again , the chord lay on the grass and at the end of it the metallic plug sat disconnected . newline newline tom s brows furrowed in confusion . slowly he put the headphones back over his ears . the muffled sounds of people were back as well as other non distinct sounds which he could nt make out . he could nt make out much of it at all until he looked around . newline newline two girls were walking by him and saw his stupefied expression . they gave him glances and giggled as they walked away . newline newline  what a weirdo .  one of them said . or he was sure that s what she said but either were nt actually talking when he watched them . newline newline  ... cute .  when he looked to the other girl . tom could nt help but smile and he newline awkwardly waved at them . they held back more laughs as they sped up their stride . he could nt hear anything else once they were far away . did he just read their thoughts ? newline newline tom turned his attention to someone else , another test . a student sat at a table , alone on his laptop working intently on something . he focused on the student and instead of words he heard something else . it was a beat and a melody . tom could nt help but bob his head to it until the bass dropped . and he was moving this way and that to the music . newline newline the student looked up from his work and gave tom an awkward look and the music came to an abrupt stop . unsure of what to do , tom gave him a thumbs up . the student slowly closed his laptop and got up to leave . newline newline  just ca nt seem to find the right sound for the melody ...  he said . or thought . newline newline  i think it s great !  tom suddenly said to the student . newline newline there was another exchange of awkward looks . newline newline  weirdo .  and student grabbed the last of his things and left . newline newline tom took off his headphones and sat back on his spot against the tree to look them over again . there was no brand on them . it was made with a combination of smooth leather and had metallic finishes . they were undoubtedly comfortable and did not weigh too much on his head . but its one feature that tom could nt still grasp was what he had just witnessed . was he really reading the minds of those people ? newline newline then he had another thought . he took the earbuds out of his ipod and plugged in the headphones . he played one of the songs . nothing out of the ordinary , it was just playing music . but the muffled voices were completely gone as the music played . he played several more songs before turning off the music . he was nt sure what he expected . newline newline the muffled sounds came back again and there was one that was louder than the others that he could just barely make out . newline newline  should i ? ...  it was a female voice . newline newline tom turned to look in the direction of where it was coming from . his eyes were met with a pair of legs and looked up to see the girl from before , the one who he caught cute  from her . she was nt with her friend and she was leaned against the tree just next to him . he quickly got up headphone still in his ears . newline newline she smiled when she saw him .  he really is cuter up close . i do nt know what krista is talking about .  newline newline the girl then looked off to the side shuffling a little and fiddling with her hair .  okay this is awkward , what do i say ?  newline newline tom suddenly realizing how long he had been standing there staring at her , blurted out a  hello .  newline newline he took off his headphones and placed them around his neck .  my names tom .  he returned a smile and held out a hand . newline newline  kylie .  she took his hand , the air of awkwardness fading . she saw the bulky headphones around his neck and the ipod that sat on the grass .  listening to music ? the extinct cpu newline newline 7:13 am 11152015 newline newline we re near the end of moore s law . did you notice ? microprocessors once doubled in speed every few years . desktop computers certainly have nt kept up that rate , although gpu advancements have been steady . the caveat has been the limits of miniaturization in physics : the elements  limit is the atom . there is no way to manufacture cpu s or gpu s smaller than a certain size . a paradigm shift in processing must be made to continue moore s law , but it s an likely scenario while innovation struggles to beat natural mechanical laws . newline newline the amount of processing power available to electronics consumers is surprisingly low . there are some industrial applications for highend computation , but the consumer needs very little . if the need is for data processing , commercial cloud computing is a better option than a desktop computer . for video games and video editing , cheap gpu s easily keep up with graphical technology . now , n64 games can play on almost any smartphone . not to mention that movies have reached their planck limit of display technology . 3d ultra high def imax movies  like the second  the hobbit  movie  can be so real it s uncomfortable . entertainment has nt found an application for serious processing speed increases . for anyone who s tried their hand at large data processing at home , the desktop computer is a weakling child . although we ve advanced at the rate predicted by moore s law for a few decades , the average desktop computer takes days or weeks to process many large text files , such as the complete wikipedia etext  depending on the application  . while we ve been increasing at the huge rate expected by moore s law , we have nt developed a computer with the processing power of a single human brain . if we find some new way to compute , moore s law will invariably be ruled out . either the technology will continue to improve , albeit at a slower rate , or the technology will reach a singularity where improvement is impossibly hard to calculate . newline newline moore s law seems to only apply to the standard model of physics . the quantum model of processing power could be much different . quantum computers use vastly more bits in their computing . bits increase at a faster rate than standard processers as the processing grows in size . mysteriously , quantum computers derive their extra processing speed from alternate universes . the  qbit  or quantum bit conveys information from different states of the processor in different universes than our own . or such is the theory . quantum computers work in practice . the models of quantum physics may be the future of computing . quantum programs will be vastly different , however , meaning the information age will take a new form . no longer will video games need to be played on gpu s , or movies and data processed by standard processors . instead , the vast power of quantum computing will open up a world of new possibilities . that s exactly what it s supposed to do . newline newline quantum computing is a lot faster way to compute , but more importantly it s a much different one . we do nt fully understand exactly how quantum bits work . i propose there is a wild card to quantum computing that will outplay moore s law , making processing speed meaningless and the awesome hope of faster and faster computers dim . as consumers , our ability to understand and utilize the power of quantum computers will be limited . i believe quantum computers will change society , but not the same way standard processors did by making large tasks much easier and automatic . newline newline instead , humanity will find a dark liberation in the age of quantum computing . since anything is possible , anything will happen . why should nt our ability to peek into new universes in order to compute allow us to reach into new universes in order to communicate ? we could meet a stronger version of humanity in another universe . we could be attacked by alternate humanities who do not appreciate us . after all , other universes can tap into our universe , too , where humans dwell in a fragile ecosystem freshly inducted into the quantum age . once we open the multiverse , moore s law wo nt matter . only the violent whims of human desire will guide us . newline newline we wo nt upgrade our desktops every few years . once we dip into quantum computing , there will be no more upgrades . newline newline  newline newline i hope you liked it . this is what s on my mind this morning newlineav log 20240501 begin newline newline i m kinda hammered , but i guess now is as good a time as any to record this shit . i m fuckin  drunk and i do nt care , so let s do this . the caretaker says this ll be good for my mental well being or whatever . fuck that guy . newline newline so yeah , it s been like , six year and i have nt recorded a log , and i m drunk , so i guess this is a good time to do this shit . newline newline anuway , let s start from the beginning . it started with a virus . everyone thought it was harmless . i mean , the symptoms were the sniffles and a mild fever , so who gives a shit . nobody gave shit , that s who . newline newline anyway , we were stupid as fuck . it turns out this was what killed us . see , the virus slowly ate away at our autoimmune response . does nt sound that bad , right ? wrong motherfucker . it killed us all . see , the part of the immune system responsible for the autoimmune response also kills cancer cells before they turn into actual cancer . the stupid thing was , we thought it was great because all kinds of people with autoimmune diseases like hiv and shit got better . the problem was , after about a year , our ability to suppress cancer just fuckin  evaporated . like , gone . poof . newline newline by 2018 , 7 billion people got cancers . cancerzzzz . lots of cancer . like , five kinds of cancer . one guy had 11 different kinds of cancer all at the same time . bone , brain , ass , blood , you name it , he had it . we did nt figure this out until later , the but virus completely destroyed our ability to suppress cancer . newline newline here s the thing . at any given time , from your conception to your death , you have cancer , at least a little bit . our immune system stomps out that cancer before it can get serious , form tumors and shit . as a result , humans are largely resistant to cancer . this virus just fucking stripped that resistance away completely . by 2019 , 7 billion people died of complications of multiple cancers . i think the least anyone got was 3 . shit , i got leukemia , osteosarcoma , small cell lung cancer and liver cancer . before you think that shit , no i was not immune , i got hit like everyone else . newline newline anyway , the problem was that most of the people who died in that first year were the poor people . why is that a problem ? because poor people did all the fuckin  work around here . they mined shit , grew food , cooked it , cleaned up after it , you name it , poor people did it . with no more poor people , we were kind of shit out of luck . newline newline but we still had tons of money , and most of the people who died  especially among rich people  were the kind of people who would try to  pray way the cancer  or  the gay  or whatever . stupid motherfuckers who thought their imaginary friend could cure diseases . needless to say , atheism rapidly became the most dominant mode of thought . no god , even the god of the old testament , would do this shit to us . holy fucking shit , you have no idea how bad it got . there were people with limbs falling off because tumors ate away their joints . horrifying does nt even begin to describe it . anyway , most survivors had advanced degrees in shit like engineering and science and shit . newline newline anyway , moving on . with 90  of the population dead or dying , the field of robotics research received a 10,000  increase in investment . in 2018 we spent something like  7 trillion globally . same with ai research and factory automation . without a functioning workforce , our species was fucking crippled . by 2020 , every farmer , miner , factory worker , waiter , nurse and every other form of employee had been replaced by a robot . nothing fancy at first , just enough to get the job done , but then by 2021 google , ibm , the us dod and nato built this crazy ai called the caretaker . newline newline they built something like 1,000 square kilometers of 100 story skyscrapers full of data centers to run this ai , scattered all over the world with self sustaining renewable energy sources . unfortunately , there were about 8,800 people left by then . everyone had inherited a roughly equal portion of every square inch of land , every company , every factory or business on the face of the earth , and thanks to the concentration of wealth , we were able to make massive advancements in science and industry . androids had become almost lifelike . imagine a movie where the cgi is really convincing , but you know it s still cgi , and that was every  human  you came into contact with . newline newline the baristas at the coffee shop , the people in the grocery store , the concubines that waited on you hand and foot , the  pedestrians  you d walk by every day in the streets and shops , they re all fake , just an illusion created by the caretaker to keep us comfortable , pacified and entertained . to give us the illusion that reality had nt really changed all that much , but it had . newline newline the funny thing is , once that ai was enabled , within minutes it determined the cure . delta9thc . the chemical produced by burning or cooking the reproductive organs of the cannabis plants , for anyone who might hear this log , whatever the fuck you are , since you re definitely not going to be human . puritanical shitheads illegalized it 80 years ago , and ever since , cancer rates fucking exploded , and nobody was capable of putting two and two together . what . the . fuck . how did we not figure this shit out sooner . we fucking deserve to go extinct just for that . newline newline when the caretaker presented it to us as the cure , he told us we d been smoking cannabis for 17,000 years , and it s been suppressing the development of cancer in us the whole damn time . it was the whole fucking reason we were able to evolve consciousness . then some retarded asshole decided to make it illegal so he can make more money off of fuckng pine trees or some shit . what . the . fuck . that greedy piece of shit damned the entire human race to extinction . congratufuckinglations you rich motherfucking shit eating moron . you worthless sack of shit . i d force feed you your own asshole if you were alive today , you motherfucking asshole . newline newline while everything was going to shit , we went out of our way to make sure the entire world was selfsustaining , so that even a few hundred or a few thousand of us could survive to keep the species going . i m the only one who survived . renewable energy , food and server farms , fisheries and mines and factories , the entirety of human society has been replaced by robots and i am their king . the stupid thing is the caretaker s ai has evolved so much , it maintained and even updated games , like pokemon go . for a while , i d travel the world , catch a selfdriving car to the airport where an automated plane would take me to anywhere in the world so i could catch any pokemon i wanted . newline newline i am the king of the world but i ve never been so fucking miserable . newline newline as you can probably tell , i m none to happy with how things turned out , but it s more than just the extinction of my entire goddamn species that has me down . newline newline my wife passed away on my birthday . may 1 , 2021 . happy fucking birthday to me . regular and small cell lung cancer were the ones that actually killed her . now i celebrate my birthday and the death of my wife each year . newline newline i miss her so much . newline newline sobs newline newline i ca nt ... newline newline cries silently newline newline i ... i miss her smile ... newline newline body shakes with sobs newline newline i ve tried to kill myself so many times . that fucking ai just fucks with me . newline newline cries openly newline newline looks away from camera fuck you caretaker ! newline newline continues crying newline newline there are no more guns , i can never reach the roof or window of a tall building before i can jump without being restrained , every car stops without hitting me . it wo nt let me die . newline newline continues crying newline newline and then i m in new york and the fucking newline newline sobs newline newline there s a fucking lure module in the apple store in central park newline newline cries newline newline i think  oh my god , finally another person !  newline newline cries newline newline i get there and i find out the fucking caretaker has a new phone he want s to fucking give me and he lured me into the fucking apple shop ! newline newline well fuck you caretaker . even the last , dumbest human is still smarter than you . newline newline presses button on phone and small cannister beeps three times then explodes newline newline av log 202405001 end newline newline chdir archivehumanlogs newline newline dd offile 6541165198aa0000001.log newline newline rmdir  ingorefailonnonempty logshuman6541165198 newline newline usermod l ,  lock 6541165198of course she was going to have her surgery at my hospital . i mean , i know many of the surgeons personally . it will be routine , simple , quick , and because she is with dr. lee , who is always generous with the hydromorphone , she ll be comfortable . i check my watch . she is about an hour and a half into the procedure and should be wrapping up soon . newline newline  code blue surgery room 4 , code blue surgery room 4  my heart turns to ice . i put my hand on the phone . the first sound jerks my hand to my ear . ephedrine . they need ephedrine now . i grab the emergency envelope by the door with the tiny vial in it and race upstairs . i slip on a mask and buffont as rush back to the surgery suites . four , four , four ... back and left ? no . the room numbers are going up not down , i have to go back . four , four , four , four got it ! newline newline there is nt supposed to be that much blood . there are footprints all over the floor . why is nt anyone moving ? why is nt someone doing compressions ! do nt disconnect the vent ! she is nt done yet ! newline newline she is nt done .  newline newline wake up wake up newline wake up newline newline baby , please .a crash of thunder rang out as the knight stood before the mighty dragon . the rain ran down its black scales , making them look slick and shimmer like obsidian . another crash of thunder , this time the dragon let out a mighty roar forming an intimidating chorus .  pssst geoff ! keep it down ! ! they won  t hear me !  markus hissed to the illusionist . his efforts were in vain . when geoff was casting an illusion of this calibre , he was deep in concentration . all markus could do was play along to the scene and narrate the tale . a chance meeting in a street made them realise their talents would double their money if they worked together . from then on they went from strength to strength . from street to stage . from hovels to beds . from lonely nights to groupies with massive newline newline  abreast to the voices of spirits , the mage abadar charges across the plains to aid hemlick . but will he get there in time ?  markus could hold the crowd  s attention , but the illusions made his words even more captivating . his teacher always told him that leaving everything to the imagination of the audience was best . what rubbish , he thought . people are inherently lazy , even when they want to be entertained . they weren  t painting an image in their mind , they were letting what they saw be seared into their heads . the  dragon  let out a mighty roar , and let out a lick of flame . soon the whole stage appeared to be on fire , even the ceiling was covered in embers . geoff was laying it on a bit thick , but he always got like this the more they did the same show .  before the great dragon malagnar could snap up hemlick , abadar threw down a boulder on his head !  nothing happened . no boulder came down on the dragons head . in fact the illusion wasn  t moving . maybe geoff didn  t hear his cue .  before the great dragon malagnaaaaagh ! !  it wasn  t a boulder that came tumbling down , it was the ceiling . in flurry of embers and wood , the crowd vanished with a sickening crunching and screaming . geoff was finally snapped out of his casting , the illusion vanishing like silk melting in the air . before them stood a great mass , the embers making his scales look slick and shimmer like obsidian . they very real dragon let out a booming voice .  who dares sully the name of my father ?  newline newline                 newline from 450ish to 400 . i had to cut down a bit .the constant drip , drip , drip of a liquid that was too fetid to be just water brought the human to its senses . mildew ? blood ? the individual sniffled and attempted to move , but the ropes binding its extremities were laced tight . an unnerved glance around the dank , moonlit room revealed nothing but an iron door on one end and a sewage grate on the other , with barred gaps near the ceiling on either side . where am i ? it thought . who am i ? newline newline there was a distant slam . it sounded much like a drum , the human pondered . it used to play drums . or was it the trombone ? unsure , the person struggled yet again . movement was difficult . so was thinking . it was tired . it had been a long time since it felt okay ... what is okay ? when is now ? distraught and becoming frantic , the individual thrashed about . and it toppled to the side , scraping its arms and face . it began to cry  why was this happening ? who caused this ? any answer for any question would be sufficient . though it felt as if that luxury would not be granted . newline newline as if on cue , the partially rusted , deep grey passage to the murky room slowly screeched open . the individual craned its neck and a tall , robed figure joined its presence . the aperture behind this new body lazily came to a bang as it shut with no apparent force . the bound person s attention focused on the matte black robes , which seemed to drift across the concrete floor with an aura of an occult nature . there were no arms nor legs to be seen  the human could barely make out its face at its angle and lighting . newline newline the mysterious entity calmly yet not soothingly lifted the chair and set it upright . it faced the other individual in the room . trembling , the latter tried to vocalize its inquiries  only to feel that it could not speak . the black frame cocked its head , and brought its hands up to the tied being s face . hands ? the faint background light shone on the stump and three wrinkled flanges that were now uncomfortably close . newline newline the immobile specimen blinked . suddenly a slew of deep red , writhing , tentaclelike appendages burst from the hooded one s wrists and embedded themselves into the human s eyes . no shaking nor stirring would help break free . newline newline memories began to flood the room . like a powerful light illuminating a dark cave , a bicycle  a bout of laughter  dash of cinnamon  the taste of a stale tuna sandwich  holding hands with a beautiful , loving figure  and then nothingness . a shrill scream penetrated the eerie stillness as the robed creature tilted its head back and sighed a deep , deep breath of indulgence .the problem with suicide is that you do nt plan for the morning after . it is  almost  funny that kevin s first thoughts that morning were not of second chances , redemption or of some spiritual awakening . it was the realisation that he had nt ironed his shirt the night before so he was going to be late for work . perhaps , he thought , death and taxes are nt the only inevitabilities in life . newline newline in times of trouble , the best thing to do is throw yourself into your usual routine . so , shirt ironed , kevin pulled some eggs and milk from the fridge and whipped up his usual breakfast for one . he had nt bothered to buy coffee last week so he went without  sacrilege in kevin s world  . plate in hand , he sat down to eat and gingerly reached past the gun on the breakfast table for the salt shaker . kevin ate slowly . newline newline kevin s flat was small . in fact , it s generous to call it a flat . large room  would be more apt . the lack of photos or any personal effects may make you think he s recently moved . truth be told , kevin did nt really go in for personal effects much . despite spending most of his time there , he had made surprisingly little impact on his surroundings . his one , almost token , attempt at personalising his space was a poster for the  trainspotting  film on his fridge . kevin finished his eggs and carefully put the salt shaker back . newline newline just before he left , kevin glanced back at the table . yup , the gun was still there , propped against the butter dish . some crochet and ribbon and it could be a rather charming table decoration . newline newline thoughts rushing through his head , he left for work . the journey was a blur but kevin made it to work , late but still , he was there . he recalled a report of some sort was due that day . it did nt seem like such a big deal somehow . newline newline sitting down at his terminal , he waited for the computer to come to life . his office mate , simon , bounced in in customary style . newline newline  kdog  good weekend ?  newline newline kevin considered his response . newline newlinethree thousand hours on the phone , five thousand photocopying , five hundred hours on the train each way , and in fortyeight hours his house of cards had burned to ashes . newline newline a train barreled through the station . working folk , packed like sardines , looked through him as they passed . the mad ringing of his cell phone was the orchestra that played them off , as the rear of the train disappeared into the tunnel . newline newline he stood straight upright in the middle of the platform , his dark hair still billowing in the exhaust fumes . his hands were cold and his eyes were run dry . newline newline thoughts of his wife ran through his mind , he had confessed his love and his lies to her , on the edge of death the man gave it all . he gave everything he had and here he was left  the shell of the man he was , and the image of a man he hated . two steps closer to the platform edge brought pangs of regret through his chest . newline newline thirty days he was given to live , and yet here he stood on the the thirtyfirst , dragging his tired legs closer to the platform edge . the phone rang on once more , then stopped . he threw it down onto the tracks and threw himself down onto it , as the next train rolled into the station . newline newline  newline newline please critique grammar . johnathan  newline newline  yeah ?  newline newline  do you wan na go for a walk ?  newline newline  but it s so cold .  newline newline  i know , but howie probably has to pee . he has nt been outside since your parents left this morning . cmon , it ll be fun .  newline newline the boy looked down at howie , the family s five year old welsh corgi . he reached out his small hand , slowing rotating his slightly clenched fingers as if petting the dog , seemingly unaware that howie was 10 feet away across the room . the boy returned his attention to his uncle martin , who now noticed a slight glaze over his nephew s eyes . newline newline  he s really sad  newline newline  howie ?  newline newline  yeah . he s breathing funny . it s so ... i ... it s so funny .  newline newline the boy s uncle had to face the reality that this was happening . his brother s little boy had eaten his acid gummies  gummies he had planned for tomorrow after the boy went to his friend s house for the night . how someone was supposed to comfort an 11year old on lsd was obviously a complete mystery , and all the uncle could do was fall back on his own experiences . newline newline  cmon , j . let s take howie for a nice run . it ll make him happy , i promise  newline newline  it ll make him happy ?  newline newline  yes  newline newline  really ?  newline newline  for sure  newline newline  okay . i just want him to be happy .  newline newline the boy leapt up as if electrocuted from the couch and began towards the front door . the uncle winced as his nephew struggled to put one foot in front of the other . newline newline  here , grab my hand , bud . you re alright  newline newline  i can feel the floor on the bottom of my feet ! through my socks ... like i m barefoot  newline newline  johny tarzan !  newline newline  yeah , like tarzan .  looking at his feet , the boy began to laugh .  like tarzan !  newline newline  arm s up , tarzan .  newline newline the boy slowly raised his arms and giggled as his uncle pulled a thick blue woollen sweater over his head . the lack of depth perception observed earlier continued as the uncle watched the boy reach for his shoes five feet away . newline newline after tying the boy s beaten down shoes , their colours faded and heels bashed down , the uncle stepped back and looked at his nephew . he certainly understood that any normal human should feel a punishing sense of regret for doing as he had done leaving incredibly powerful drugs out in the open around an 11year old . but looking down at the jovial youth in front of him , at that moment , he felt no such thing . the boy stood motionless , examining his front door s elaborate red and blue stained glass mosaic , an explosion of excitement and confusion erupting across his face . although the uncle knew the incredible sense of euphoria his nephew was currently exhibiting was a large part of the lsd experience , he also knew the crippling darkness that could just as easily take over . this is what scared him , and the way he saw it , it was his job to make sure the little boy in front of him experienced as little of the latter as possible . newline newline  ready , big guy ?  newline newline  but what about howie ?  newline newline  he s right beside you , j . your holding his leash in your right hand  newline newline the boy looked down at the red nylon leash tightly clenched in his small fist and immediately looked back up at his uncle , his eyes wide and his mouth gaping . newline newline  woh ! i am ... when did i do that ?  newline newline his uncle gently smiled and narrowed his eyes .  right after i put your sweater on . remember ?  newline newline  no  newline newline  well that s when you grabbed it , bud . ready to go ?  newline newline  go where ?  newline newline  on the walk . to walk howie .  newline newline the boy furrowed his brow , a permanent halfsmile pasted above his chin .  we just did that .  newline newline  we have nt left yet , j .  newline newline  he pooed four times !  newline newline  well i would hope not ... we have nt left the house yet .  newline newline  yeah , once right below you , once near the maple tree on front lawn , another one ... i think ... i ca nt remember , but yeahhe pooed nine times  newline newline  nine ?  newline newline  yup !  newline newline  you said four last time .  newline newline  when ?  newline newline at this the uncle erupted with laughter .  like 30 seconds ago !  newline newline the boy and his uncle stood in the front of lobby of the house howling with laughter , pangs of  ha  s and  ho  s bouncing around the mustard walls . after what seemed like five minutes of uncontrollable gaiety , surely seeming even longer to the boy , the laughter came to a natural conclusion . newline newline  where are my parents ?  newline newline  they went away for the weekend , member ? to your cottage up by  newline newline  but my dad s already on vacation .  newline newline  why do you say that ?  newline newline  he s never home . mum says the reason he s never home is because he s on vacation . did she join him ?  newline newline the uncle s fizzling laughter came to an abrupt stop . he did nt know what to say . his brother had said nothing to him . not wanting to tamper with the boy s already fragile state , he went along with it . newline newline  she did ! your dad was just warming up the place ... made it nice and cozy for when your mum arrived .  newline newline the uncle watched intently as every microfibre on the boy s face came to life . newline newline  that s so nice !  newline newline  it is , is nt it ?  newline newline an uncomfortable silence enveloped the room . the uncle now decided it was really time to go . newline newline  alright , let s get goin  , bud .  newline newline the boy exhaled heavily , turning around to face the door .  where are we going ?  newline newline  end of part 1 that sick to your stomach feeling you get when you go into flight or fight mode but ca nt respond either way , that stone that dropped through impossible depths in your gut , is known as anxiety  a rush of serotonin and adrenaline slushing around your stomach and into the neurons that lead straight to your brain  is exactly what you feel when you told you are going to die tomorrow at 3pm . especially when it comes from death himself . newline newline we always grab one or two on a thursday night as a primer for the weekend . death and i had been friends since third grade when my mom died . he was more like an uncle or older cousin back then . he took me out for milk shakes after the funeral . he would come over and give me tips on my homework and sort of fill in where my dad could nt  because of his disease and all . over time , he just became part of the family . when dad got worse , death started to get to know him more and gently eased him out while letting him know that he had raised a fine son who would be very successful one day . newline newline that day would be today . ceo . fortune 500 . the works . i made it , except for one thing . as soon as i sign that contract , i m dead . watching the clock above the presenting board members was agonizing . it could nt go slow enough , but i wished it would speed up an just end it . newline newline 2:55 . newline newline i make my speech . the company has a bright future with the team i have before me . i am but a guide of their magnificent force . newline newline contract . pen . signature . photos and handshakes . i push a smile out . newline newline 3:01 . newline newline what happened ? newline newline the rest of the day my heart races and my eyes are over my shoulder . end of the work day . car does nt explode . no highway accident . i go for celebratory drinks . still nothing . say my goodbyes and head for death s watering hole . my watering hole . newline newline 11:45 pm . newline newline  what happened ?  i asked . newline newline  three oclock , man . i told you .  newline newline  told me what ?  newline newline  you died .  newline newline that sick feeling again . newline newline  now that you re a big shot ceo , fun you is dead , right ?  he laughs like the biggest fucking best friend asshole there is . newline newline  two whiskeys , please  i say as shelly walks over for our order .  on this asshole.  newline newline i punch him in the arm like he deserves .i live in the south , where the heat seems to gather . at the center of our land , where the great steppes converge on a vast , arid desert , its presence is almost unbearable . i live on its edge , the desert that is , where the heat is still fierce but the winds enough to keep the clumpy soil from turning to dust . yes , i ve lived here , in the steppes surrounded by the shrubs and the bushes , my whole life . but , i too had been to the coast . since i was a boy , i d dreamed of its scent , its sound , and its taste , the fastmoving currents and the peaceful , green coves . the sight had long taunted me and my tribe from its perch above the horizon . newline newline at the age of eighteen , my tribe made the trek , through grasslands we rode , through jungles we trudged , until the great forest , where we were forced to make camp . three days , we marched , through valleys and passes until it relented . emerging from its domain , i found my senses greeted by a world long confined to my imagination . seagulls flapped against strong winds , kicking up sand and scooping up fish . i looked across the aqueous basin , which had long been merely a ring , deep blue round the great mist above us . i stood on its edge , the world s water below and above and to each of my sides . what a place to live , i thought to myself , reminded as to why it was the pride of our land . newline newline the others around kneeled and they prayed , when the youngest let out the loudest of shrieks . newline newline  mama !  she cried  what is that above ?   the mist is no more and the ring seems to end .  newline newline a ripple of terror shot through our soft prayer . i focused my eyes and saw what was there . as the youngest had told , the water did end ... and the great mist was no more . in its place , some things familiar yet altogether foreign . newline newline land had emerged and , with it , a new world too . men and women feet northward , and heads to the south , no heed to our presence , their distant world buzzed . where one would expect to find forests and jungles and grass , out stretched great needles from side to far side . from them , came light that lit up their frame . the web they created with these skinny , bright structures , it covered below , above us that is , a shining white circle that seemed aglow . newline newline overwhelmed , i turned and swallowed my tears , newline newline herded up my tribe and quelled their fears . newline newline we ll head back to our homeland under great mist , newline newline forget what you ve seen , it should nt exist . newline newline as we made our way through the sand , i looked back once more . hell , i thought , so it is real . i prayed for their souls as we set course for the desert s edge and its blistering heat . newline  newline thanks for reading  under great mist  ! if you enjoyed it , subscribe or just stop by to read more of my regularly updated work at rsocratesburrito . i welcome constructive criticism and advice !  newline of course the simulation puts us ahead , we re the united states of america .  general dowell waved away the militaryissue ipad .  i do nt need a stack of computers at unosim to tell me we could bury the chinese twenty different ways before i ve had my coffee . is it certified ?  newline newline the aide flicked at the tablet , revealing the pale blue of the united nations office of simulation emblem , and the standard garble of multilingual legalize and technical jargon that indicated that the attack plans had been officially confirmed . it was real war . newline newline  i suppose we ll see that good old detroit iron rolling back into guangdong once again . time to buy gm stock !  newline newline this is how war was done now . if you have a dispute with your neighbor over , say , tariffs on steel and automobiles , nobody rattles sabers or picks up arms . the generals all meet , submit their plans of aggression and plans of retaliation , and it s run through a complex of computers that tells you exactly who wins and who loses , down to the tenth of a civilian casualty . results are published , and concessions are handed out . it turns out that if you can crunch the numbers and show the inevitable results , you do nt even need to have a war . newline newline  anything else ?  newline newline  well , sir , secretary lewis wanted to meet with you about our korean peninsula strategy , given the latest yearly psychologicals .  newline newline dowell furrowed his brow . how do you handle a problem like north korea ? the annual psychological examination of leadership said the same as last year  exalted leader kim had a bomb , and the doctors said he was crazy enough to use it . that meant it was officially  in play  as far as unosim was concerned , and they d have another year of kowtowing and tiptoeing around kim jong psychopath from filing nuclear extortion plans against south korea or japan . at least he did nt have to go on bootlicking tours to appease homicidal maniacs  that was up to secretary of state lewis and the president . newline newline  the president also wants you to meet with his office about our strategy if the cartels get an account .  newline newline this mess , again . while there were no sovereign enemies on north american soil  the u.s. still maintained good relations with canada and mexico  a coalition of mexican ganglords had been lobbying for a unosim account , claiming that their level of open warfare was just as bloody and legitimate as any country s . it was looking more and more like the un would let them in , which was going to be a mess of concessions and retaliation . try getting a local policeman to understand that the gang running a neighborhood won it fair and square as war concessions . newline newline  forget them for now . back to the adults . what about the situation with russia ?  newline newline  volkov is still pressing to see the numbers . he thinks we do nt have what we reported as far as naval capability , and that our training is rusty .  newline newline even if nobody got hurt , you still could nt be all talk . you had to prove that those little blips you were moving around the board actually meant something  fleets of ships , aircraft , drones , infantry and specialists . every year , the un did its inspections , and totalled up the numbers . every year russia complained that the u.s. was inflating the numbers , every year the u.s. complained that russia was inflating them . as sure as rain in the spring and snow in the winter . newline newline  he s just grandstanding . we both know those numbers are solid , and so does unosim . he ll go away .  newline newline  well , the president is worried . russia has been pushing hard on the security council , so he wants us to run an internal investigation just in case unosim comes snooping around . if they find anything wrong , it could jeopardize the china deal .  newline newline dowell scowled down at his muddy coffee , guts gurgling . so it would be another monthslong scurry of coordinating troop counts and inventories , just to keep congress and the president sleeping well . more late nights and 3am phone calls to overseas bases . dowell wondered if he d brought his antacids . war was hell on the stomach . newlinemeanwhile in an underground lab in area 51 newline newline  lipidation in progess , 70  .  newline newline  hormone levels steady , injecting dopamine .  newline newline  blood pressure and heart rate steady .  newline newline thomas bering ticked off each item in his mental checklist . he scanned the area before him and noticed an empty station . newline newline  hey ! wheres the main controller ?  he hollered , pointing at the panel . newline newline  opening in t minus 30 seconds !  a worker in blue health robes then pressed a button and a large clock began ticking down . newline newline thomas groaned . of the twenty years they had worked , efficiently and diligently to accomplishing perhaps humanity s biggest advancement , everything was going to come crashing down just because someone was not manning their station . as he stood on top of a raised platform , he looked at the crowd below him . all were dressed in blue hospital gowns , complete with a mask and safety goggles . some bore a name tag representing their role and thomas had hoped to see a mctrl on one of the worker s chest . newline newline  opening in t minus 10 seconds !  newline newline thomas swore . fuck it . i ll fire the bastard later .  he thought as the lights dimmed . newline newline beyond his metal platform and the worker s stations was a large glass panel that stretched from the ceiling to the floor . it was one of the four walls that surrounded and contained the biggest human known to man . his name was officially classified , censored in papers so often that people forgot his real name and instead used the label :  2068  . 2068 was presently suspended in a blue gel like substance with wires as thick as a fridge protruding from any orifices he had . they provided all the essential nutrients to sustain and accelerate the projected growth needed for their experiment . each drop of blood , serum , or mineral was careful calculated by a select team of specialists , who now sit at their appropriate stations with their teams , waiting for the grand finale . newline newline  opening in t minus 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 .  newline newline thomas stared at the behemoth before him . 2068 now weighed short of two hundred tons , the size of a blue whale . all his work and half of his life went into producing 2068 . he was not going to let it fail . newline newline the alarm sounded and the wires began pulsing . 2068 shivered and thomas gasped but he reminded himself that it was still unconscious . his brain levels showed no signs of activity reported the neuroscientist . newline newline  power extracted at 50   newline newline thomas grinned . finally . it took only four seconds , and at this rate thomas calculated that they could surpass all the nuclear power generated by the countries of the earth . combined . newline newline  power extracted at holy shit !  newline newline everyone in the room began shouting , some pointing at the top of the glass panel . thomas slowly lifted his gaze and saw the source of the commotion . newline newline it was the main controller . newline newline who looked to be half the size of 2068 . newline newline who seemed to have jumped into the pool of blue gel that held 2068 . newline newline commands were shouted , curse words drifted across the room but thomas remained silent . he never suspected that rumors of a mole , of a sabotage at the great finale were true . in the year of 2024 activists for human rights had formed a large group with millions of supporters around the world . they made the headlines when during one of their attempts to free a human from a classified genetic experiment , they accidentally released an incurable virus into the public sphere . thousands suffered and they soon were listed as terrorists by the un . newline newline thomas knew he was staring at a terrorist right now . a one hundred ton terrorist who was once the main controller  don albert . newline newline don albert was sinking his way through the gel . his eyes were wide open , focused on the only thing with him in the pool of gel . he began to glow a bright yellow , and sparks flew off of him , bouncing off the glass . the shouting got louder and workers shrank away , some climbing onto the metal platform where thomas stood . newline newline  he s gathering his magic  said a worker standing next to him . newline newline don s right hand glided through the gel and connected with his left . a giant flash of light arced and hit 2068 in the face . don clapped again and another flash landed on 2068 s chin . newline newline the workers held their breath . newline newline thomas smiled . newline newline 2068 s eyes were opened . newline newline and thus , the great battle of the behemoths began . newline newline... well , shit . newline newline i knew immediately i was in for it when the guy walked in , and instead of seeing his face i saw twenty different faces of people i knew . he pulled a pistol and leveled it at my chest . raising my hands above my head , i inwardly wondered why we did nt invest in some sort of currencyholding technology that was nt literally a fucking cash register . at this point , getting robbed was part of the job . newline newline  money in the bag , asshole !  he violently threw a plastic bag at me . i imagine it lost some of the intended effect when it floated harmlessly to the counter . staring at it unimpressed did nt seem to make him happy .  now !  he pointed his gun at me harder , if that makes any sense . he reached his spare hand behind his neck and itched . newline newline  okay , okay . jesus .  pressing my hand down on the button , i exhaled whenlo and behold there was a pathetic amount of money inside . i grabbed a fist full of dollars and put them into the plastic bag . as soon as i slid the plastic bag back across , he snatched it up and took his gun off of me to look inside . newline newline  that s it ?  the man with twenty different faces said . his charade cracked for a little bit , his voice was a slightly higher tone . he glanced up at me , and remembered where he was . newline newline  what the fuck do you think you re tryin  to pull , asshole ?  there was the man i knew and loved . his power was seriously tripping me out , though . i was being mugged by aunt julie , my friend christian and my little league baseball coach . he leaned down to itch his lower leg , getting angrier . newline newline  what the hell are you staring at , fuck face ?  he sounded offended . newline newline  gee , i wonder .  newline newline  fuck you !  he shouted . newline newline  what ? how is it my fault you re robbing my store ?  newline newline  bitch !  he sounded upset . newline newline there was an awkward silence . newline newline  what the fu  he started off again . newline newline  yes ! that s it ! that s all the money in the register . okay ? there was practically no money in the thing when i started working here . we re gon na go outta business in like , two days .  newline newline his eyes or , rather , my fatherscoworkersnan s eyes glazed over , thinking about past decisions , i imagine . newline newline  oh .  he itched his arm . newline newline  yeah .  newline newline another awkward silence . newline newline  is there  i started , but this time it was him that interrupted me . newline newline  man , i am so fucked .   he sounded more like a normal person now . his gun arm was drifting off somewhere to the left , to my relief . he continued . newline newline  you know how much it fucking sucks , to have this shit going on with your face all the time ? i m a fucking freak ! i do nt even know you know only i can see my god damn face ! ? me ! that s it ! my mother ca nt even love my face because she does nt know what it looks like ! how was i supposed to make friends ! ? i was screwed from the start ! i m fucked ! fucked !   his shoulders slump and his hands slapped against his thighs , harmlessly . newline newline damn . heavy . newline newline  i m sorry , dude .  i said , halfassed . newline newline  forget it . fuck it .  he turned around and left . newline newline i stood there for a while , my arms still in the air . after a while , i lowered them , and decided not to call the police . i do nt really know why . he probably had too much on his plate already . i looked into nearby security camera and shrugged . newline newline that night really made me reconsider a lot of things . in the end , i suppose i realized there were powers a lot shittier than being able to make people have mild itches . newline here you go ,  she breathed as she handed the knife to him . crying and bright red , a babe experienced its first and last moments in this world . exhausted , sarah leaned back in the birthing chair  her head resting on the soft cushion as her eyelids slowly closed . newline newline her baby , no , the baby  she told herself attachment was unprofessional  was still crying in the background . she could feel a headache coming on  a side effect of the pills , she knew , but who wants to wait 9 months anymore ? and the crying certainly wasn  t helping . newline newline annoyed , she sat up :  come on , i  m on a time schedule here . if you don  t kill it soon , you won  t get any of the  she trailed off when she noticed the tears . fuck ,  she thought . another crier .   listen kid . you got 10 minutes tops before you  ll have to pay for another baby if you want that sweet , sweet eternal life . it  s easy as shoving that knife through its soft skull.  newline newline  i i can  t.  he managed between the sobs . newline newline she rolled her eyes .  would you like a less personal option ? one that won  t get blood on your clothes ? that  ll cost extra . we  ve got a pretty high drop over there , that  d probably kill it , or  newline newline  stop ! stop . just stop calling him it.  he blurted . he sighed and visibly mustered some courage   i , i think i think i changed my mind . i don  t want to kill it.  newline newline gritting her teeth and trying not to think about how late she was going to be for her next client , she spoke sternly :  the moment you step out into the street with a newly born baby is the moment you seal both its and your fate.  she paused searching his face . newline newline she could tell he knew she was right . he just needed a little ... encouraging .  it  s going to die one way or the other , and from where i  m from you  ve paid a huge sum of money for this . i don  t give refunds . i can  t afford to . at any moment , i could get busted.  newline newline  but i but  he licked his lips searching for words . waiting , she glared at him , yup , she was definitely getting a headache .  how do you do it ? how do you. ? i don  t know maybe i wasn  t meant to live forever.  he sighed , a sad smile grew on his face as he looked down at the baby in his arms . newline newline getting increasingly frustrated , she screamed at him in her head .  how do i do it ? i don  t do it . i just watch it happen.  she tried to put a caring face on , but she didn  t think she quite succeeded .  but of all the men i  ve had as clients , you  d be the first not to do it . eventually , as the time gets closer , and eternity is about to slip away , they always do it . and you will , too.  she closed her hand around his , making it grip the knife a little tighter .  just ,  she raised his hand in the air ,  do it.  newline newline she released his hand and watched as he cried out in anguish , bringing his arm down in an arc that ended with his immortality .little red riding hood perkily walked into the forest . all the animals fled in terror as her pet robot clumped and clanked next to her , hissing and bleeping . with each stride three or four times the size of the tiny girl the robot walked both slowly and quickly , but was eager to escort his charge safely to grandma s house . newline newline    newline newline as the princess lay on the stack of matressses she was really struggling to sleep . she tossed and turned , but there was just something wrong . while the matress was uncomfortable , with a peasized lump in it , worse was the giant pair of unblinking eyes staring out from the face of the housemade robot . did it have an evil grin or was it just my imagination ? newline newline    newline newline  so you shall go to the ball  exclaimed the fairy grandmother ! with a swish and swoop of her wand mice turned into horses , and cinderella s ragged dress transformed into an amazing ball gown . newline newline then something went wrong . rather than changing into horses to pull the carrage , the mice decided to go a different way . they popped , shot upwards , growing to at least 60 feet tall ! the ceiling collapsed but fortunately the ladies were saved by a quick flick by the fairy . newline newline  goodness . what was that ?  asked grandmother as she peered up .  oh , robots . again . right ,  swipe  lets hook them up and off you go to the ball ... just remember to be back by midnight  . newline newline cinderella had fainted .alina gently runs a hand over her daughter  s head , offering her a soft smile . it  s an attempt at reassuring her . it  s not a comfortable feeling saying goodbye , perhaps permanently . she  d never tell little katrin that though . newline newline  mommy , what  s happening ?  alina gives another gentle smile . children are always so perceptive though . newline newline  the doctor  s going to help you sleep and when you wake up , you  ll be better.  newline newline  oh.  katrin wiggles under the hospital blankets . her hair has long since fallen out , dark rings under her eyes telling more of the tale of the illness racking her body .  you  ll be there when i wake up ?  newline newline  of course.  alina reassures her .  i  ll be there whenever you need me.  newline newline they lapse into silence until the doctor enters the room . alina continues to comfort her daughter as the machinery is set up in the room . katrin watches the doctor and the assistants with great interest , eyes observing over the machinery in the room . stepping over to the pair of them , the doctor also offers katrin and alina a reassuring smile . newline newline  hello miss katrin , how are you today ?  the doctor asks , drawing katrin  s attention . some of the more disturbing equipment is being setup , the neural networks needed for creating a proper virtual reality . newline newline  i  m okay.  katrin  s voice is a small , shy . newline newline  that  s good to hear . are you excited about today ?  he continues to distract her . alina is thankful for him since she  s not sure she would be able to distract katrin from what  s going on around her very well . newline newline  ii don  t know.  katrin  s eyes stray for a second . newline newline  oh , why ?  the doctor shifts to the side , blocking the sight of the large needles that would eventually be used . katrin doesn  t seem to notice them , refocusing on the doctor before she can . newline newline  ii don  t wan na be the hospital.  katrin  s voice stays extremely quiet . newline newline  that  s the best part of this.  the doctor smiles brightly , appearing to perk katrin  s interest .  you  ll just wake up at home and everything will be normal.  newline newline  really ?  katrin questions , sounding more excited . her voice is still weak though . newline newline  really really ,  the doctor replies . katrin looks to alina , looking for reassurance from her mother . alina nods in agreement with the doctor . newline newline  really , sweetheart ,  alina confirms . she  s not sure if her shaky voice sold it or not but katrin has skipped over it , a beaming smile on her face . the excitement seems to be wearing her out quickly though . newline newline  and you  ll be there when i wake up ?  katrin asks again . newline newline  i  ll even make you your favorite breakfast.  alina smiles very softly . the nurses hand over the first of the needles , the one to start the process , to the doctor .  now , be good and do what they say or it won  t work.  newline newline  okay !  the quick nod seems to wear her out even more , katrin taking a couple breaths as she trembles , collapsing further into the bed . newline newline the first shot takes a few minutes before katrin begins to doze off . the second shot puts her completely asleep . the third is meant to stop the pain . newline newline alina gets to her feet and escapes out of the room before they can set up the neural headset , trying hard not to imagine the needles plunging deep into her daughter  s head and neck . even if she wouldn  t feel it , alina would feel it for her . with a hand to her mouth , she attempts to stop herself from sobbing outright in the hallway . newline newline footsteps run towards the room , drawing her attention up to the oncoming man . she sets her jaw as the man comes to a stop just shy of her . newline newline  i  m sorry , i got stuck in traffic , she  s not under yet , right ?  her husband looks at her hopefully , moving to open the door and head in . newline newline  you  re late , bastian . as always.  alina  s voice trembles even as it carries a flat tone .  she  s asleep . they  re putting the network in place . i  m sure you don  t care to watch them.  newline newline bastian grimaces , pausing before pushing into the room . alina stays outside , trying to force herself to feel angry at her husband instead of upset for her daughter . just so she wouldn  t break down into sobs . the door opens again , bastian and the doctor coming out . newline newline  she  s doing quite well.  there  s a very short pause as the doctor looks at alina . newline newline  she won  t remember anything , right ?  alina questions . it  s one she  s asked many times before but she asks again , just to be certain . newline newline  it  ll be something hazy and then her mind will adapt to the new reality.  the doctor shakes his head .  she won  t remember the hospital . and if she does , it  ll be a very short event in her past.  newline  newline katrin blinks slowly awake , staring up at the ceiling of a room . it  s a warm , yellow colored room . she  s groggy , rubbing at her eyes as she takes the room in . it feels familiar . there are the sounds of a town outside . katrin pulls herself up to sit on the bed . for a second , it feels unfamiliar , as if she hasn  t done it in a very long time . newline newline the moment passes , katrin smiling happily as she gets to her feet . it feels like a good day . she can smell breakfast downstairs , wafting up the stairs . she gets dressed , pulling her hair around into a pony tail . again , there  s a moment of unfamiliarity with having long hair . it too passes . newline newline  oh good , you  re finally up.  katrin smiles at her mother as she descends the stairs . for a second , she doesn  t recall the house being like this . then she wonders why she  d think such a thing . it  s always been this way . alina smiles at her .  i made your favorite . you  ve got to hurry up , eat , and get going !  newline newline katrin pauses , troubled for a second as she attempts to figure out what she needs to get going for . newline newline  remember ?  alina places the plate on the table . pancakes , syrup , sausage , and a cup of orange juice .  you  re going to see the professor today . he wants your help with something.  alina smiles , taking a seat across from katrin .  maybe he  ll even give you your first pokmon . it  s exciting !  newline newline katrin seems to think for a second . it doesn  t work mentally for a second before it all snaps together . she would be meeting the professor in his laboratory where he studied pokmon because he wanted her help . she nods , legs kicking under the table as she smiles broadly at the idea of getting a pokmon . newline newline  after all , you  re ten years old , it  s only right for you to get a pokmon.  alina fills katrin  s cup of orange juice up again . the smell of coffee permeates the room , her mother retrieving a cup for herself .  i  m so proud of you , sweetie.  katrin gets a kiss to her head when alina comes back to join her at the table . newline  newline alina stands above her daughter  s bedside . she holds herself , staying far from bastian despite the distraught expression on his face . blinking furiously to keep her tears away , she struggles to keep her voice strong . newline newline  i  m so proud of you , sweetie.  alina hesitates a second , looking to the doctor . newline newline  it  s all right . she  s completely immersed . one hundred percent ,  the doctor assures her . newline newline with a nod in response , alina leans down and presses a kiss to katrin  s head . newline newline  i love you.  newline newline  newline  newline   find more of my writing at rsyraphia i was watching the nightly news when it happened , i think a lot of us were . two strange little men in bizarely dark suits just appeared in front of the news anchors holding glowing envelopes . before i could figure out what was going on , my doorbell rang . it was another of those little people . up close i could see that his features were misproportioned , his nose and eyes were far too large , his mustache seemed glued on , and his mouth was tiny . he had no pores . he looked like poorly rendered cgi . in person , i could tell his suit was nt just black , it was the abstract concept of black . it was almost impossible to look at . i noticed there was a man just like this standing at front door of everyhouse on my street . strangely , instead of being afraid , i was tempted to invite him in . before i could , he cut me off . newline newline  thank you for participating in the grand experiment .  he bowed slightly , passed me the envelope before walking away with the tip of his far too black hat . newline newline i walked back inside and sat in front of the television , staring at the envelope . it was glowing . not emitting light , exactly , but more highlighted , like a key item from a video game . the newsperson said they were getting reports from all over the world , apparently everyone on the planet received a similar envelope . i muted the television . i needed to read this for myself . i could nt get my fingers under the seem to open the letter and it would nt tear . it occurred to me that i needed to double click it for it to open . i set it on one of the few clear spots on my coffee table and tapped it twice in the center . it rose in front of me and unfolded . newline newline  hey , my name is john wright .  it was speaking out loud ,  i guess you guys could almost call me god , but i prefer to think of myself as something more like what you would consider a computer scientistphysics researcher . you were sort of an accident , really , this was supposed to be just a general simulation of how planets form , and a look at lowend evolution . but , no , you guys developed selfawareness . beyond just local consciousness . you have been borderline aware that you are a simulation since you evolved thought . sure , you call it religion , and are weirdly violent about it , but one of the first things you did when you developed thought was start trying to figure out who made you ! you guys are incredible . newline newline and your science ! you literally built a machine that causes a chain reaction that corrupts the base data of your reality so badly it instantly destroys entire cities . your physicists have started playing with what you call subatomic particles ! do you know what those are ? that s the program behind the program . the operating system of the computer your program is on . which ... is actually why i had to tell you this . you guys are causing system damage to our servers and i have to shut you down . sorry . newline newline oh , one second , i need to take this , a weird looking guy just handed me an audiogram .  the text disappeared from the letter , a buffering symbol showed for a moment .  oh , well . i guess that does make sense . never mind about shutting you down , it does nt matter now . i ve only got an hour left on my end before i get turned off . have fun , i guess  newline newline sorry about any formatting issues , written on my phone .the first time i d heard anything about gilgamesh was a small feat , all he d done was found a dog . the lady i interviewed thought it was some teenager playing at super hero  but he found daisy , so he s a hero to me .  i did nt really think anything about it until his second visible appearance nearly two months later . i liked to think we lived in a safe city , drugs came through but thanks to police efforts they rarely stayed . that was until a triple homicide on washington street . every witness i spoke to told me of a man in a mask , gilgamesh , had already come through and questioned them . newline newline my concern for some kid turned to concern about a superpowered vigilante when two very scared murderers turned themselves in with the evidence needed to convict . my concerns appeared to be illfounded when gilgamesh went public and seemed less concerned about using his powers to beat the crap out of villains and more about providing for the needy . agents from d.c. started spending time in our time however , concern about this new hero was high . his claim was the ability to create energy and matter from nothing , and if this was true he might be the strongest super to date . newline newline the first time i met him in person was a night i got a call about a disturbance . some homeless man sifting through the trash in a residential neighborhood . i gave him a ride to the methodist mission , i knew some good folks down there . when i arrived the place was packed , two people walked out speaking of a miracle worker . when i walked in i spotted suzie s red mane immediately .  yo suzie , what s the spectacle ?  she just shook her head and pointed at a young man in a mask with some plain black clothes . he was what i could only describe as conjuring clothes and food out of thin air . he glanced my way and in a flash of light my homeless companions worn and tattered clothes were replaced by new and sort of nice clothes . newline newline  where d he come from  i whispered to suzie as he continued with his work .  i do nt know  she whispered back  but i m glad he did , we could nt of fed this many . did you see the strollers out front ?  i shook my head .  they closed down the mental hospital , lots of extra homeless , and lots of families with laid off breadwinners , but whatever they need and whatever we need he just makes it .  i stuck around to talk to him and was surprised at how young he sounded .  hello detective , pleasant night .  he said sounding disinterested .  yeah it s not bad , just wanted to say i think it s really great work you re doing here .  he looked down at the pavement , looking for all the world like an embarrassed kid .  yeah , but in a week they ll be out of food again , in a few years those clothes will start wearing out  he shook his head as he zipped up his sweatjacket  and this is just one city , a small city .  he looked me in the eye then and i could feel the sincerity of his next statement  i m trying to save the world you know ?  newline newline was only a month later i heard about his failed meetings with the city council , and then the governor about reopening the state s mental hospital . not only did they refuse to accept his offers of either just creating money to pay for it , or to make any materials they needed to lower the cost , but alerted him his activities doing this for citizens on a small scale was breaking the law . i took him out for breakfast and tried to talk him down  well if you just created money to pay for it , that s counterfeiting , and that s illegal .   when your laws were created they could nt of imagined something like me existing  he muttered to himself . newline newline seemed like gilgamesh started dominating the news after that . corporations , politicians , economy experts all scared that if he wanted , he could destroy the global economy overnight by flooding the world with superior free products . congress passed a bill making it illegal to accept or use anything created by gilgamesh , and he went on a highly visible rant and railed against  the corrupt politicians  as he put it  with me in the world , there is more than enough for everyone . i suppose the powers that be have decided how will they know that they have a lot , unless others have nothing ?  newline newline he eventually convinced a town to officially disobey sever themselves from the rest of the economy . all power , and all merchandise anyone in town could want was created by gilgamesh . this town was on united states soil however and was treated as a foreign invasion . what was meant to be a threat for anyone else that might follow that town s lead and follow gilgamesh , turned into a display that the government held no power over him . planes , tanks , guns , armor , ammunition , all dissipated in an instant . gilgamesh alerted the soldiers they were free to leave and advised they do so , a general who tried to rally them to continue into the town dissipated as well . newline newline in my department , on the streets , on facebook the debate about gilgamesh raged . many called him a traitor , against the government for defeating the army , and to god for setting himself up as a new savior . some , myself included , said he was trying to improve the world . however with his power armies , large parts of governments and most industries were obsolete so they were using their political power to keep him from doing it within the system . newline newline then gilgamesh slipped up and his identity became known , and his wife was kidnapped and assassinated . his rage and grief would shake the world . reports showed d.c. as if it was hit by a nuke . he continued to hunt down and kill both the politicians that he held responsible as well as their families , their children .  if i m to remove these weeds from my garden , the seeds must be destroyed as well .  still , he was trying to create a new and better world , this was just the death throes of the previous corrupt world . newline newline he eventually came to terms with many world governments who would surrender large areas of land on every continent where anyone was to be allowed to travel . when asked what they would receive he sneered and replied  i ll continue to tolerate your existence .  for several months these  safe zones  were the promised utopia , virtually no crime , no want or need went unfulfilled . still some began to leave , saying with no struggle came an apathy and i witnessed gilgamesh who had become like a friend to me slip into a deep depression . newline newline to be contdi laughed maniacally as i pulled the switches and turned the knobs . arcane machinery whirred to life , powered by the modern world s boundless supply of energy . newline newline after so many years , i d managed to create a restraining spell that ran off what they called  smartphones  . it would ve been perfect  i would make my demands and nobody could stop me because they d be trapped in a tiny circles barely bigger than thenselves . newline newline i turned to my assistant . he was pushing the buttons slowly and deliberately , calibrating the machine for our plans of world domination . newline newline  is everything ready back there ?  i asked evilly , placing my hand lovingly on the big red lever . newline newline  yeah boss , everything looks good !  he turned and gave me one of those looks that reminded me his mental capacity might as well be that of a mentally retarded slug . newline newline i turned back and looked at the lever , cackling to myself as i proclaimed my dominion over the world before pulling it . newline newline then , i waited . newline newline and waited . newline newline and waited . newline newline eventually the waiting got to me and i wondered what was going on . where were the panicked news reports ? the screams of the terrified population ? where was my total domination ? newline newline i paced around a little before noticing my assistant was still at his desk . i walked over . newline newline now , i d designed this to be as idiotproof as possible . i did nt have time to key in the specifics , what with the sheer amount of abstract mathematics and magic i had to crunch just to get it to function . newline newline there were two pads . the one on the left was area , the one on the right was time . i d even gone so far as to stick massive colourful letters on them to differentiate the already different numberpads . newline newline all he had to do was press two buttons on the right , one button on the left . newline newline on the left , it said 10 . on the right , 1 . newline newline he just sat there smiling goofily as the power went out and i swore .they sat around the table eating pizza . angel the pedant , felt angry and anxious but made the comment for the hundredth time that her bulbous nose husband knew the secret of the seer  s foibles and could discombobulate the dangerous powers of the justice system . by utilising a pint of liquid nitrogen in the belly of an empty purple polka dot penguin which he would place strategically in the shadow by the chimney in the foyer of the walrus hotel they would misdirect the iron eye of the law . wearing nothing but olive reptile prints while carrying a piece of orange luggage containing a neutron engine and moving in a zigzag line past the office of the concierge , he could bypass the sandwich bar and create a monster explosion which would disguise him stealing the silver and diamonds , and at the ninth hour hide them in the rhythm section of this month  s orchestra . angel sanctioned the plan after considering the problem of her husband and his dodgy elbow perhaps prematurely setting off the bulb that will sit inside the penguin . at the twelfth hour the plan is to transfer the silver and diamond  s into condoms in the vacuum in the laundry , while the string quartet plays a fugue . angel gulped an asprin with some citrus juice and nibbled some chocolate to calm her nerves . she promised her husband he would be a bachelor if this plan fell to chaos . he rolled some cannabis and sat back to watch a sf film about wolf men and circus denizens of a distant galaxy . relax my almond eyed love , he said and puffed some smoke in her direction , it is obvious we will succeed . as a couple we won  t let a single rhyme mulct us of our treasuremerrisa adjusted the sling on her right arm as she circled the boy . he had been sitting on the couch , drinking the nasty swill he called beer . now he was slumped half off of his seat , his face planted firmly on the floor with a small puddle of drool around his lips . his baggy pants and shirt obeyed the laws of gravity to reveal his back and ass crack . it would have been ridiculous . it would have been hilarious . newline newline if he had nt beaten the shit out of her last week . newline newline she paced around him , circling like a lioness , her head tilting back and forth as her left hand squeezed the handle of a knife with rhythmic obsession . did she want to make it slow ... or quick ? should she tie him up ? did she break his legs ? cut out his tongue . there were so many possibilities . what had been going through his head when he s slammed her against the wall . she glanced over at the thought , seeing that he had pushed a box over to hide the dent she d made in the wall ... hell , the blood stains were probably still there . she d never once seen him clean anything . newline newline her head whipped back to the monster on the floor . her hand squeezed the knife . she was nt good with her left hand . her work would be sloppy . she was nt too disappointed by this . what had he been thinking ? oh , yes , greed ... want ... anger that she d denied him . yes ... that was the real pain . the want ... he was addicted to it . no selfcontrol , no empathy . want want ! want ! newline newline she carefully removed her clothes . she would make his brain boil with want and then she would devour his pain as he could nt have it . she tied him up with her own shirt , her own bra . she stuffed her socks into his mouth . she left a single hand free . one hand that he would reach out with , one hand he would try to beat her down with . newline newline every time he would reach for her she would cut something off . newline newline he d given her a lot of pain ... she had come to give it back .so perfect . standing in the kitchen , humming a tune only she knows orchestrating the rich smell of delicacies . the crackle of the fire , the sound of the wind outside , a soft chime of the bells , all seem to dance at her tune . god i love her . words lodge in my throat and my sweat glands seem to have a life of my own every time i look at her . she sashays around the kitchen dancing on the tune she created . she looks as if she has been photoshopped in real life . perfect hair , body face , lips , smile . hell , her body is so impeccable that it must be chiseled by the michelangelo himself ? i do nt know . i do nt know much about art . she does though . oh yes , she could talk for hours about art and classical music and opera and all that . me ? i can talk about football ... and beer . if beer is a good topic for conversation . you see , i am a regular joe . probably competing for the most boring person title . i wake up , work , come back , watch television , drool over for my wife , sleep , rinse and repeat . nothing spectacular . except the gem of a wife god knows how i managed to score . newline newline the train of my thought must have reached a destination beyond this dimension because it took my wife some shaking me to crash me down to this world . down to earth bozo ! what are you thinking ? !  newline   what can i possibly think about ? come here !   i grabbed her waist and brought her down to my lap . her lips turned to express mortification but her eyes gave her away . newline  what are doing ? stop being a caveman bozo !  newline she could nt complete the rest because i proceeded to kiss her . fuck . the warmth of her skin melted into my soul and threatened to burn me . this is it . end me now as a happy man . perfect . did i say that ? newline newline my wife has a habit of sleeping early . and i know it s going to sound weird but we sleep in different rooms as well . maybe a lot of couples do this but once i made a mistake of sharing this with a friend and boy did i never heard the end of it .  she s using you .  ,  she must be cheating with someone ,   she s weird . break up with her  . newline no thanks . initially even i thought it was weird but our sex life is hot and she is 11 on a scale of 10 , so who am i to complain ? so here i am dozing off on the sofa trying to watch some shit show on the tv . i am almost asleep but the dull thud of the clock as the time turns 10 breaks through the fabric of my dreams . my reverie s broken , my veins are filled with a newfound zeal and lively sweat glands are back . newline newline  hey .  newline newline she s here . now this is the part where logic escapes me . and i let it . standing in front of me is a woman who makes my heart beat in a rhythm possibly impossible for a human being . and she s not my wife . in fact she is opposite of my wife . she has unruly hair , a freckled face with signs of past pimple breakouts , and a very ... normal body . like she has tummy fat and heftier thighs , unshaved legs and her own body smell . just like magic she comes every night and disappears like magic in the morning . at first i used to get alarmed and thought about calling the police . but maybe it was something in her voice , or the loneliness that lurked in her eyes that stopped me from doing that . newline newline   hi newline  may i join you ? what are you watching ?  newline   eh nothing . just flipping through channels   newline  mind if i join you ?  newline   yeah no problem i scoot over to the furtherest side of the couch , away from her presence . she is clouding my mind already . newline but no avail . soon we got to talking . and that talking evolved to laughing , teasing and munching popcorn . she was snuggling up to me , her face towards me beckoning me to kiss her . her smell was nt helping at all . this is wrong ! my goddess is lying in the next room . next room ! and here i am sitting with some godknowswho strangers thinking about all the unspeakable things . i love my wife . so why does this feels so right ? newline newline so i plunged my lips and drank her . all of her . her taste , he scent , everything . i was drowning and she was my raft . we kissed each others marks , freckles . explored every nook , revised every secret . i reveled in her imperfections and reached heights i did not know existed . all the thought of my mind warped itself in a tight corner of my mind . until it resurfaced again as the lady laid beside me , her breathing hurried and her eyes shut . newline newline the thoughts burst back with full vengeance and started the cogs of self loathing and misery . what kind of a man was i ? cheating on a person i love so much . i have gone insane ! making love to a person who might just be a product of my dream . this must be it . but the touch of her skin proved otherwise . she is real alright . and i ca nt help but draw comparisons . she looks a blemish in front of my flawless wife . but the difference is what makes her so endearing . i can talk to this person . i can reach to the depth of my soul and bare it her . bring out those shades i did nt even know existed . her body does not repel me , it does the exact opposite . each freckle makes me want to kiss it . each mark makes me want to dig out the history it hides . each pimple or fat makes me realize how human she is . and how human i am . all my shame and conscious about my body leaves me and i feel ... content . i can write poetry about my wife . but this woman turns me into a song . i ... .love her . is it possible to love two people at the same time ? does that make me wrong ? newline newline i must be slipping into the wonder of my dreams . she mutters something in her sleep which caresses me like a lullaby .  i love you bozo .  i have heard it somewhere have nt ? where ? but soon it does nt matter as i am lost in the realm of the night . newline  newline newline yes so this is the second time i am responding to a prompt . so hope you like it . and criticism or comments is welcome ! newline newline newlinei think this story started out with a lot of promise , and then ended up falling off somewhere . it was a little difficult to figure out what exactly was going on and when exactly we were , and then suddenly there was a mention of cancer that was kind of out of nowhere and was never mentioned again . newline the flashback section i think was good and showed the dynamic between the characters well . similarly , i think the beginning of the scene was well done , and set the tone for the relationship between the two . it was just around the transition that felt a little awkward , and i feel that the relationship between the two is nt as well explored as it should have been . newline i thought it was an interesting read nonetheless , and i hope to read more from you in the future .right before the blast of bright light i saw those i love crumble like dust . time meant nothing and everything became dark . a slight pressure on my eyelids awoke me to a cloaked figure sitting across from me . i blinked dozily as i studied the presence across the room . sitting in darkness surrounded by what only seemed like miles of an ocean of black a solitary light illuminated my dark friend . he stood up silently and vanished into the curtain of darkness that hung around him . newline newline as i watched confused and silent i stumbled over to the chair to take a seat . instantly my mind began swimming and i convulsed and writhed trying to hold on to my conscious thought . newline newline in an instant i was back , back to a familiar place . i watched as they left the room and the side of the crib to crawl into a deep slumber , a feeling i no longer understood . i stretched out my new wings and peered into the crib observing the cute round nose and rosy cheeks and stared straight into my blue eyes . this was a different type of ocean , one that swelled with hope and life and the magic of a second chance .ricardo had been unemployed for 2 years ever since he was fired from el pollo loco for smoking meth in the bathroom and his girlfriend was fed up .  if you do nt get a fucking job by the end of the month i m kicking your sorry ass out !  maria had told him . that was two weeks ago . he had one week to find a job or he would be out on the streets . while browsing craigslist he came upon an ad that piqued his interest . newline newline new position opening up at costo : newline newline no experience required newline criminal record ok newline must be willing to get hands dirty newline must be willing to travel newline starting pay  100,000 newline newline ricardo was almost sure the ad was a scam of some sort but he figured that he had nothing to lose so he sent them his resume . newline newline  what the fuck ! who s calling me at 7 am ?  ricardo looked at his phone . it said unknown number . he usually never answered calls from unknown numbers but he was curious to see who the hell was calling at 7 in the morning on a saturday . newline  hello who the fuck is this ?   excuse me sir there is no need for profanity .  the voice on the other end said in an extremely calm voice .  i am from costco and i am calling about the resume you submitted .   yeah ? so like you want me to come in for an interview or something ?  ricardo replied nervously .   something like that  the man replied .  i ca nt talk about the details over the phone , i m going to give you an address and i need you to be there in one hour , can you do that ?  newline  uh uh i guess so .  ricardo stuttered.  be there in an hour or the offer will be withdrawn . i m serious , if you are 1 second late you wo nt be allowed in .   sir yes sir .  ricardo said sarcastically .  this is not a joke son . 2121 old country road . you better be serious when you get here .  before ricardo could respond the man hung up . ricardo laid in his bed for a moment wondering what he had gotten himself into .  why the hell ca nt he talk about it over the phone ?  he thought to himself . ricardo was nt sure what he was getting himself into but he figured he might as well go check it out . newline newline  where the fuck are they sending me , there s nothing out here ?  ricardo said aloud as he pulled up to the gate of 2121 old country road . he was correct , there was nothing there just a gate and andsome farmland surrounded by an old barb wire fence . there was an intercom on the gate though . he pushed the button ... newline  hello , please state your name .  the voice on the other end said .  ricardo rodriguez .  he was now getting more nervous and thought about turning around , but he really needed a job . the gate opened and ricardo got back in his car and started down the dirt road . ricardo had driven about 2 miles down the road before he noticed something in the distance . there was a small trailer just ahead . there was a small sign in front of it that said  welcome ricardo  . ricardo was now sure he was being led into a trap and was going to be raped or murdered . he reached into his glove box and grabbed his 9mm pistol . once again he thought about turning around but ricardo was not exactly known for making good decisions . newline newline to be continued ...dn spoilers . newline newline   newline newline  that s right . i am kira .  newline newline silence reigned in the yellow box warehouse , broken only by the slow creak of the fan as it spun eternally around . nobody dared move a muscle , the confession they had hoped for and dreaded still fresh in their ears . everyone , that was , except two people . newline newline light and near stared at each other , watching the other like a hawk for any sudden moves that might be made . near was absentmindedly twirling a piece of hair around his finger , whereas light appeared frozen in deep thought . newline newline near broke the silence first . newline newline  so , you did nt try to deny it . i expected more of you . do you believe you have another backup plan , kira ? if it involves misa amane , then do not hold your breath . my people have her under armed guard . she will be no help .  newline newline light shook his head , a strange  not demonic , but almost sad  smile on his face .  guess again , near .  newline newline  you were also surreptitiously scanned for the trace left behind by the death note on entering this warehouse . i know about the secret compartment in your watch . if you make a move to open it , commander rester is under orders to shoot you where you stand .  newline newline  no .  newline newline  teru mikami was also scanned . any pieces he believes he carries are in fact fake pages that were replaced by us when we searched his apartment .  newline newline  you re still wrong .  newline newline  shinigami ryuk is either unwilling or unable to take action against any of us here , or else he would already have done so . he will not give you aid .  newline newline  you have nt realised my backup plan ? pity to you , i thought you might actually give me a challenge for once .  light s voice sounded childish , in a mocking sort of way . newline newline  kira , you have no backup plan . you are merely trying to buy time . it will not work . surrender to the united states government now , and you will serve life imprisonment only . our country has no desire to become an executioner like kira .  newline newline  so , you give up ? i ll tell you then . first , however , let me tell you about the death note .  newline newline light gave a gesture towards the black book that near was currently holding . newline newline  the death note is not , in fact , a killing tool . in fact , the name death note  is a misnomer . it should really be called life note  or destiny note  . am i on the right track here , ryuk ?  newline newline said shinigami was currently watching the proceedings with rapt interest . he did not answer . light went on . newline newline  this is because the death note transfers life . it does not reduce the total lifespan available , merely redistributes it . the person whose name is written loses their lifespan , and the writer gains lifespan equivalent to that .  by now , near s eyes were wide at the implications , but he did not want to interrupt . newline  the shinigami would have us believe that it is only death gods themselves that receive this benefit , but i realised a while back that it is not so . i m not sure how much you know , near , but when rem murdered l and died herself , she passed her remaining lifespan onto misa . therefore , it s not impossible for a human to gain lifespan . why not from use of the death note ? another big clue was what ryuk told me on the first day we met . he said that when my time was up , he d kill me with his death note . that s because i would not die naturally for a long , long time . is nt that right ?  newline newline a soft hyuk hyuk  came from ryuk .  i do believe you re the first person to figure that out , light . interesting ...  newline newline  so your master plan is that you will live long enough to outlast us all , and that anyone who cuts that short by using the notebook will be cursed to a nearimmortal life instead ?  near said calmly .  light yagami , do not delude yourself . there are plenty of humans who would very much enjoy the chance to live for thousands of years or more .  newline newline light shook his head .  no , you re not getting it at all . you re on the completely wrong track . here , let me show you .  he reached for his watch . newline newline instantly , there was the click of a gun as commander rester took aim at him . newline newline light sighed .  really ? i thought we d established that i m not dying for a while . besides , i do nt even have to open it myself .  he slipped off the watch , careful to keep his hands fully visible so the spectators were certain no trickery was done . once it was off his wrist , he threw it to the ground at near s feet . newline newline near looked blankly at the watch , then motioned for one of the spk agents to pick it up and open it . newline the agent handed near the piece of paper that had sat in the secret compartment in the watch . it had been folded three times into a thick rectangle , and near carefully unfolded it to peer at the writing inside . his eyes went wide with shock . newline newline light yagami .  newline heart attack at the yellow box warehouse at 5:30 p.m. january 28th , 2010 .  newline dies painlessly .  newline newline  do nt you see , near ? the death note does not shorten life , it transfers it from the one whose name is written to the one who wrote the name . but what happens if the two are the same person ? the life would be stuck in an endless loop , neither created nor destroyed ... unless it was possible to die and then gain back your lifespan .  newline newline the time on light s watch , still held by an spk agent , was 5:25 . newline newline  on an ordinary human , the power to kill instantly can warp the mind . in fact , that s mainly why death gods drop the notes . they watch a slow descent into madness and they get a nice life bonus at the end when they kill the poor hapless human . however , there will always be a few who are horrified at what they have done with the notebook and take their own life , and what way more fitting than to die the same way as they had slaughtered others ? it s happened before , has nt it , ryuk .  newline newline  oh , heh heh heh ! light , i knew you were special , but i did nt think you were this special ! i do nt think anyone else has ever figured it out on their own like that ! the rest of us were just accidents , but you ... colour me impressed . this is better than a bushel of apples fresh off the tree !  ryuk s eyes were alight with eagerness to see how the others would react . newline newline  wait , i do nt get it ...  matsuda spoke up . newline light smirked .  very well , i ll spell it out for you . how do you think shinigami are born ?  newline newline this single sentence drew shouts of horror and outrage from the watching crowd . commander rester did nt hesitate a second longer , and fired straight at light . by some extreme miracle of luck , the bullet missed him entirely , hitting the wall with an echoing clang that stunned everyone else back into silence . newline newline  tch . i wo nt be dying of natural causes . i specified that the death be painless , so i ca nt even be shot . your gun wo nt help you now . near , do you finally understand ?  newline newline from the look  an odd cross between abject terror and calm acceptance  on near s face , he certainly understood quite well . newline newline  i understand why you were able to overcome l ... you ve always aspired to this , have nt you ? to become something more than human .  newline newline  from the day i found the death note , yes . but i have an offer for you , near , you and you alone . join me ? you could be immortal , my partner in the creation of a new world order .  newline newline near looked long and hard at light . in the silence , you could have heard a pin drop . finally , he spoke . newline newline  no . my whole existence has been as a copy of l. l fought against you until his death by your hand , and therefore so will i .  newline newline light sighed , then nodded .  i thought you might say that . a pity . i d have liked someone to talk to as an equal . oh well . ryuk ? i guess you know what to do .  newline newline ryuk gave a halfmocking salute and then began scribbling in his own notebook . newline newline  is he writing our names ?  matsuda s voice trembled in fear . newline newline  well , it would nt do at all if the secret got out , would it ? ryuk has nt been able to intervene up till now because doing so would extend my life and result in his death . but since my death is set in stone , if wo nt affect him now . in fact , it would probably be breaking the rules not to kill you . i ve guessed that it s illegal for anyone not already a shinigami to know how they are created .  newline newline one by one , light watched the spk and task force members keel over . some went quietly , with dignity . some screamed and thrashed against the invisible power . all succumbed at last . even teru mikami , although he died with the name of his god on his lips , uttering words of praise . newline newline near was the last one to go . somehow , even as the heart attack hit , he remained in his trademark position on the warehouse floor . newline newline  i m sorry , l. i lost ...  were his final words as his eyes dimmed and he finally slumped over . in death , he seemed so young , like a little child sleeping . light walked over and picked up his watch from where it lay on the ground . the time was 5:29 . newline newline  well , here goes nothing .  light sat down on the floor . a single tear from the corner of his left eye was all the fear and remorse he let himself show , even though there was nobody left to watch anymore . acting on a whim , he pulled near s body into his arms . when he keeled forwards , he was still holding his rival s corpse . newline newline light yagami died of a heart attack at the yellow box warehouse at 5:30 p.m on january 28th , 2010 . he did not feel any pain . newline newline  hyuk hyuk . so interesting ...  ryuk swooped down and plucked the death note from light and near s final embrace .  since this is the book you wrote your name on paper from , it s yours now , light . use it well .  newline newline a form coated in shadow seemed to shimmer into view from the air . it reached out a shrouded hand and took the black book . newline newline  thank you .  newline newline ryuk gave a hearty chuckle . newline newline  it s no trouble . your new form will take a few days to solidify . i must say though , what a spectacle ! i m almost sad it s over ...  newline newline now it was the shadow s turn to laugh . it was unlike how light had ever sounded when human  it pierced the air like a chiming of bells . newline newline  oh , ryuk . when did i ever say it was over ? though you can leave it you like , i d stick around me . watch me create a new world order .  newline newline  hyuk hyuk hyuk . humans are so ... interesting . and you , light yagami , are the most interesting human i ve ever had the luck to meet ! the great red beast soared across the dark lake , flakes of gold fell like snow from his armoured hide and into the cold waters . newline the dragonborn hurried onwards , the bridge was made from wood and his daedric boots ripped great wounds into the waterlogged planks as he ran . newline newline suddenly a gout of bright burning flame erupted from the creature s maw as it passed across the outlying parts of the ramshackle city . the lance of fire illuminated the night sky and washed out the stars . dragonborn pulled out a bottle of destruction and drank deep as the gates approached him , the bitter taste lingered in his throat but when he reached the gates he felt the familiar tingle of magic beat within him . he stopped in his tracks as the dragon surged overhead , glaring at him from above as it rode the wind . newline newline smaug found this meat intriguing . it had two legs like the others , ridiculous little arms and he smelled the blood of man . but there was something else , something new . lightning tickled his scales as the meat lashed out at him from below , he felt an odd sting with each blast . newline was this pain ? it had been so long . newline his wings beat the air into submission as he powered up into the sky . the man shouted in a language even smaug did not comprehend . newline no matter , he d burn with the rest . he decided as his flaming wrath boiled up within him . newline newline somewhere far away durnhevirr heard his friend s call for aid . newline newlinethe quicksilver beam of light flashed through the atmosphere of xanadu , smashing into its surface just outside the city of moo shoo . the inhabitants gathered around , hiding within the tall purple ferns , peering out with eyes on the end of long stalks . newline newline a small chrome capsule sat in the middle of a charred crater , smoking in the light of the two alien suns . newline newline the inhabitants waited for a seemingly infinite period of time . although they had given up on technology a long time ago  they had determined it was far more convenient to travel through dimensions and across solar systems by simply thinking about it as opposed to developing clumsy vehicles  , they recognized that such an intelligent mind must have created such a craft , and so they waited for this alien diplomat to show itself . newline newline at last something shifted on the smooth exterior of the ship , a piece of the smoking hull dropping down into a ramp . more mist and smoke exhaled from the darkness within . a two legged creature emerged , standing on the ramp , surveying the surface of xanadu . it removed its helmet . newline newline a human . newline newline some of the inhabitants screamed  their own xanadu interpretation of a scream , anyways , which sounded more like a popgun than anything a human would recognize for a voice  . others regurgitated the meal they had been digesting for the last two weeks through a specified hole in the center of their torsos . newline newline once , many thousands of years ago , the xanadu had made contact with earth . they had sent a team down to start a relationship with these primitive creatures , because although they almost nothing about them , they showed potential . newline newline only one returned . two of them had been tortured by early paleothic huntergatherers before being roasted on spits over the campfire  they caused massive indigestion and diarrhea across the tribe for a week  . the other was mauled by a sabertoothed tiger , after making the critical mistake of thinking it was just an exceptionally large cat . newline newline the survivor came back with tales of horror , of the stupid brutal creatures , so hideously ugly and smelly that it be impossible to develop any time of communication with them whatsoever . newline newline now they saw these humans a few thousand years down the road , and recognized them instantly . the survivor had seriously under described their hideousness , how putrid that human stink was , but it was impossible to mistake it for anything else . newline newline  greetings , alien creatures ,  the human said .  my name is jim bob . i  m just collecting a few samples for a some research and then i  ll be on my way . sorry for the disturbance.  he took a sample of the soil and held a gauge to the sky , squinting into the two suns . newline newline the xanadu tried to fire their psychic weapons  telepathic assaults that would render the victim mental retarded for the rest of this days , weapons that planted the irresitable temptation to gouge out one  s own eyeballs . however , none of it worked on the humans . the xanadu lamented the sure destruction of their world . this man was immune to their warriors  greatest blows . newline newline  you guys are pretty cute ,  jimbob said . he approached a quivering crowd of the xanadu . they quaked before his awesome ugliness , awaiting their fate . he tried to pat one on the head . newline newline the secreted grease from its hide started to burn through the creature , like salt on a slug . ii screamed in agony as it dissolved into a pile of goo . newline newline  cool ,  jimbob said . newline newline the xanadu had never seen anything so appalling , so demonic , in all their years of intelligent , sentient life . they had never seen anything to inherently hostile to their people , so blindly stupid , yet capable of such amazing destruction . newline newline  anways , i  ll be going now . i got ta finish the next two star systems before my shift is over . have a good one.  newline newline the xanadu had no idea why the human had decided to leave , especially after it had clearly arrived to commence with the destruction of their home world . they watched it recoil back into its ship , like some hideous hermit crab turning into its shell . the quicksilver beam of light reversed itself , pulling back into the sky , pulling the human with it . newline newline they could only speculate about its motivations , about its possible return , about what kind of abysmal hole of darkness could have spawned such a nightmare . newlinethe first time i met my daughter s boyfriend i knew he d be my soninlaw one day . he was intelligent and a bit shy , but genuine in his care for my daughter . i liked him the moment i met him . except for that damned popped collar . newline everytime he d come for dinner , or a gathering , even when he came to ask my permission to be my daughter s namingceremonywitness , his collar was popped . once i even asked him why .  it s just the cool way to be mr. s  was all i got out of him . newline newline at 18 we let our children choose their own name . it must be a descriptor and it must be verified by a witness . my wife , caring , chose her mother to be her witness who presented a plethora of animals , rescued by my nowwife in her young age , as evidence . when my daughter and intelligentintrovert as he became known to me asked for him to be the witness , i agreed , not knowing what name my daughter would choose . newline the day of the ceremony we were all dressed in our finest , ready to hear what we would call our daughter for the rest of our lives . our poppedcollaredfriend on the way . she sat in front of the judge , smiling , and gave him the document . newline  mr. and mrs. s , you have agreed to allow a person of your daughter s choosing to be the witness to this ceremony , officially and legally naming her ?  we nodded .  then we shall proceed . once sufficient evidence has been presented , this court shall officially give your daughter the name   newline in walked intelligent , his collar reaching for the ceiling . i quickly pulled it down , whispering  this is official ! have some resp  a spot on his neck drew my attention , a hickey . and just below , teeth marks . newline newline the judge finised :  bites people ! you three over there , what bring you over to my shop ? no need to tell me , i know you are here about the rumour about the demon . come on , sit down i shall tell you everything you need to know about this demon . newline newline even before i was born there is a rumour about a demon that will grant you any wish you desire . they say that you can only summon it at exactly 3:33 am or else it wo nt appear . the ideal place to summon it is inside a quiet room with all the lights off and five different colored candles light up . newline newline beware young ones , many lives have been lost since this demon is a clever one you see . if you are not careful then you might loss your soul in the process but if you buy this charm the demon wo nt be able to take your soul . do nt worry it only cost a small amount . newline newline as the group of teenage girls leave a dark figure emerge from the back of the old woman . newline newline  chloe stop telling people how to summon me !  newline newline the old woman calmly counting her money turn around to calm the rage of the demon behind her . newline newline  i though you will be glad since you will easily reached your quota , besides the charms i sell specifically allows you to be the only demon to be summon .  newline newline  i bet a lot of people have summoned you this past few weeks .  newline newline  i m glad that your helping me but the problem is that this past few weeks , no months only teenage girls have been summoning me !  newline newline  what s wrong with that ? is nt that a wonderful thing , the underworld will be filled with the young souls of the innocent .  newline newline  chloe come here , i will show you why i m complaining .  newline newline the old woman approach the demon then a white flash cover her whole vision and in that instant , she saw all the horrors the demon when through . newline newline there are times when the demon was summon to do ordinary stuff like make the girl beautiful or kill a certain summon but lately the ones summoning him have been requesting for  weird  things like making their otw real , sending them to the cringy fanfic world they came up , creating the perfect guy they made , asking to marry him , asking if anime is real , asking him about vampires and werewolves but the worse of them all are the internet girls . their wish were so cringy that a demon like him spared their soul so he could run away . newline newline the worse part is that those girls keep on summoning him over and over again , they would get offended and call him different things that make no sense . in the end he just kills them and send their soul to heaven . he swears he can see jesus smirking up in heaven but he ignores it since he has to report to satan why he freed those souls . newline newline  do you understand now , chloe ? .  newline newline  my god , i never gon na sell this charms ever again .  newline newline  newline newline just made that shit up so i can comment . that idea can be used as a plot for a comedy .kristy nearly tipped the wheelchair in her rush to get me loaded into the van . newline newline  why are you so worked up ?  i asked as she centered me on the loading platform . newline newline  reg ? cmon , seriously ? do you not think this is serious ? they could have you committed .  kristy s eyes shone , wet and dark in the shade of the open door . if i could have reached out and wiped those tears away , i would have . newline newline  because of the number ?  newline newline  yes , reg , because of the damn number .  she buckled me in the place and raced around to the driver s seat . newline newline  they ca nt put me in a hospital because of the number ,  i said .  besides , it s not like i m a danger to myself .  newline newline  it s not that ,  said kristy , throwing the van into reverse .  your levels ... you know why they retested you six times ?  newline newline  i m a hard man to read ,  i said , smiling . kristy ignored the joke . newline newline  they thought it was broken . the floor is one , reg . that s the absolute floor . and they ve never registered someone below a 15 before . so you ...  newline newline  am i gon na be in the guinness book of records ?  i asked . newline newline  it s not a joke .  these tests are serious . people are nt allowed to be that kind of unhappy .  newline newline  but i m not unhappy ,  i said .  i think i m doing pretty well for myself .  newline newline  well ...  kristy trailed off as she pulled onto the highway .  really , reg ...  i could tell she was crying , harder than before .  why ? if you were so sad , why did nt you ever say anything ?  newline newline  babe , i m not sad ,  i said , again , wishing against all the other wishes in the world that i could just put my damn hand on her shoulder .  i m not . i do nt know how that test works . how do you measure someone s will to live ? what s the science ?  newline newline  you know i have no idea .  newline newline  well .  i thought fast . because really , why ? why would i score so low ? was i wrong about how i felt ? could anyone be so out of touch with themselves they did nt even know they were the most miserable person the world s ever seen ? newline newline  you know , though , maybe it is right ,  i said .  i do nt have any will to live .  newline newline kristy sobbed , though she did her best to hide it . newline newline  no , hear me out . a will to live  that s effort . that s a struggle and a willingness to struggle . it s a fight . the highest numbers , those are the people that are fighting for their lives all the time . but i m not gon na fight for it , babe . and maybe that s it .  newline newline  so you do nt want to be alive ?  newline newline  i do nt want anything ,  i said , realizing that i meant it .  i died in that accident , kris . i was gone and it was over and that meant i was nt ever gon na see you again in this world . but i came back . and here i am . and ... i do nt know how to say this so it makes sense . but this is so good . every day i wake up and i see your face and i feel like no one s ever been so lucky . if it ends now , i m still the luckiest . i ll always be the luckiest . there s nothing to fight for . i m already at the mountaintop . wanting more ... fighting for another scrap of life ... that s silly . that s selfish . i got to see you one more time . and every day since i ve been drowning in good fortune .  newline newline the car pulled over . the door wrenched open and kristy threw herself around me . she buried her face in my neck and i felt her tears and her heat and her heart . newline newline  you know ,  i said ,  if they made a device that measured how much i love you , it d show zero , too .  she pulled away to look into my eyes .  because it d break the very minute they strapped me in and turned it on .  newline newline she laughed .  you re an idiot .  newline newline  i m a world record holder ,  i said . and she laughed even more . it s time , kento .  newline newline  eh ? who said that ? where are you ?  newline newline after a moment , kento s gaze landed on the bird in front of him . birds such as these had been his constant companions for the 50 years he d fished these waters , always eager to gobble up some fish guts , or swipe a piece of bait . this bird was different , however . the bird stood still  was not glancing over it s shoulder at every noise . newline newline  it s time  the bird repeated . newline newline kento considered this development for long minutes . one benefit of being a lifelong fisherman , you learn patience . finally ,  are you the god of the river or of the birds ?  newline newline the bird seemed amused by this question .  why does that matter to you ?  newline newline  i suppose it does nt really . you tell me that it s time , which i assume means that i m about to die , or perhaps i am already dead . whatever lies next for me , i should nt worry , for it s too late for me to change my fate . however , i think that , if the choice could be mine , i would prefer to be met by the god of the birds .  newline newline  can you tell me why you feel that way , kento ?  newline newline  many men have fished this river before me , and many more will do so after i am gone . to the river god , i am no more special than any of these other men . however , i feel a kinship with the birds . where other fishermen shoo these birds away , worried about losing their catch , i am always happy to share my catch with them . happy to clean a few fish before it s necessary , so that the birds may enjoy some entrails . i even look away when a few brave souls snack on my bait . i would hope that i might be a man of note to the bird god , because of my actions .  newline newline the bird cocked it s head and ruffled it s feathers in a manner that was somehow pleasing to kento  he felt a weight lifted from his old , tired bones .  it s true that you have been a friend to the birds , kento . were i the bird god , you would undoubtedly be in my favor . however , you would also be in the favor of the river god as well , i think . never did you catch more than you needed , and always did you treat the river with respect .  newline newline  so you are neither the river god nor the bird god ?  kento felt himself lifting off his stool . newline newline  no , kento . i am the god of fishermen .  newline newline  there is no god of fishermen .  a blinding light enveloped kento . newline newline  there is now . it started as an accident . cyclops took his visor off to wipe some sweat from his eyes . that did nt end well for morgana and eve . most of us had powers that were incredible but not impossible . i was especially lucky . i had a healing factor and an adamantium skeleton . this was useful when various sorts of characters started to test things one way or another . i know one guy in a wheel chair was especially thrilled that he was now able to walk again as a nine foot tall autobot . good for him . newline newline i felt really bad for the booth babes for the overly sexualized cartoon porn . they did nt have it quite so bad as the bronies , though at least some of them seemed happier and less smelly as horses with magical powers . some of the things that went down in the hotel and even in the convention center bathrooms have made rule 34 seem tame by comparison . i was nt having any of that . newline newline a passing familiarity with the disney characters would have told you what was going on , but everyone seemed quite confused by the melting snowman and the ariel cosplayer who died of asphyxiation . there were also more subtle problems , like that poor minecraft creeper girl . rest in piece . i was nearby , but that healing factor saved me . newline newline there was a lot of debate about who had become the most powerful . let me tell you , i m glad i knew magneto and he was a good guy . i was worried about the death note kid , but apparently he was nt interested in testing his power . the star wars kids were definitely on the powerful side , but they had their limits . there were a variety of powerful mages , ghosts , aliens , mutants , and characters with plot device powers . these were all intimidating . newline newline then i saw her . yellow ribbons in her hair . short . japanese . schoolgirl uniform . she was cute . she was haruhi suzimiya . i slapped myself in the face with my palm , nicking my scalp as i pulled away . this was bad . at least this young girl had nt yet fathomed what her powers meant . just like the character she was emulating , she had nt realized yet that she was god now and this universe was her . i held my breath . she seemed oblivious . she walked up to me . newline newline  oh cool wolverine . how do the claws work ? they look like they re actually coming out of your hand ? what s the trick ?  newline newline i exhaled in relief . she was just as ditzy as her namesake .  oh , yeah . i m a prop designer . let me tell you all about it ... i had always felt passion but was never molded by it . the blood is burning my eyes now . my rage has defined me . a tangy mix of blood and sweat is beginning to fill my mouth . i found the edge and tossed myself across what was once a defined line in my mind . the pain is real . my hands feel deformed , alienated from the rest of my body . they have always been this way . they never needed me , they always knew what to do . i feel alive ... . i feel . where is the laughter the joy ? in the moment of my epiphany i feel no joy ? i realize now i have been forcing the emotion all along . this is who i am , this is what defines me . i can feel myself seizing , shaking , filling with rage . i growl from the deepest parts of my soul . the sound bellows from my body to a wicked tune . i feel better , i do it again cracking the silence in the room again with the sound . the blood is drying and beginning to stick to my face . the damp sleeve of my arm motions to rub against my eyes . i can fucking see . the room is still as dark as i left it . i can feel my pupils shifting into the darkness . my hand are crafting something beautiful i can feel it . the stone floor fills the room first . i can see it sprawling the floor with its cold glow . my hands shift carefully crafting my art . i feel alive , my soul wants to scream . i want to yell but all i hear is laughter . the laughter is filling the room , bouncing off the walls . the laughter is breaking my silence . the laughter is breaking my mind . how did i get here ? what is happening ? my eyes are focused now , i can see now what my hands have been doing . a masterpiece indeed . this guy had the wrong idea . he thought he was going to teach me a lesson . i want to scream but my mind only laughs at my attempt . he should have never come in here . he should have left me alone . i want to scream but the fucking laughter is too loud now . the door is moving , i cant stop laughing . a shadow is moving towards me i clench the fragment of bone from the prisoners jaw and move into the shadow . i press my weight behind my thrust as to pass the bone through the shadow to stop its presence in the room . the laughter fills the room again . the shadow gasps as the door swings open . light fills the room . the shadow is crawling now trying to retreat from its advance . i have the upper hand . i take the bone fragment and trace a line across the shadows neck . the laughter is broken by the sound of the siren . i move to the shadow and remove the badge from his belt . i cant stop laughing ... . i motion to the hallway filling the room with laughter . as i approach the door a soft click acknowledges my presence . i press through the door and into another hallway . more staff are waiting for me now . i can see their fear now , i can feel it my laughter . the guard motions towards me  stop the joker . when sergeant mathers shouted through the headset aboard the plane before the jump , the words he spoke cut me like a hot knife through butter . newline newline  within 2 hours you will either kill or be killed . when you hit the ground , they will be shooting at you . shoot them first .  newline newline my parents did nt amount to much , but they were fantastic parents . i am their only child so when i got drafted , their initial response was to pack my bags and send me off to my cousin in south africa . before the war i had nt been hit by the patriotism bug that many had , but when i saw a picture of the prom king that i went to school with head s cut in two by the blade of a downed mig , i knew i could not pass off the call when it came . newline newline as i stood at the now open door of the plane , it was this memory that took my mind off mather s comment long enough to forget about vomiting . i glanced down at the grey stars and stripes patch on my uniform and leapt from the plane . newline newline the first few moments after the jump were a blur . even now i do nt remember any of it . i d zoned out until a crack snapped past my head . newline newline the fuckers were firing antiaircraft rounds at us . cheap shot . at least it was pitch black , but they got damn close considering they were firing blind . newline newline  contact  shouted mathers . it was way too late to change course and i pulled my chute . the sound of a parachute opening is always a relief . at least when you are nt being shot at from the ground . i could hear the chutes of my comrades launch . newline newline the radio crackled .  is everyone ok ?  mathers asked in an unusually nervous tone . i do nt think even he had experienced anything like that before . we took the term sitting ducks to a new level that night . newline newline  jones , graham , thompson , baker ...  . the register was entirely met with ayes . newline newline the firing from the ground stopped . we landed 2 clicks east of our intended destination but after looking at the team , i do nt think any of them cared . they looked drawn out . zombielike almost . i had never felt more alive . my heart was pumping but it felt good . it was euphoric . newline newline toughnut mathers had already composed himself and pinpointed on his map where we had to go . the spanish air smelled sweet . we were set to rendezvous in the rebel held city of valencia . the russiangerman alliance had been decimated by a series of allied nuclear attacks in france , poland and and southern russia . newline newline the uk prime minister ordered the attacks after intelligence advised of a planned german invasion from france . history always seems to repeat itself . newline newline 17 million had died as a result of the allied bombs . when it happened i could nt believe it , but not i felt as though i could take the rebels on by hand . i was ready to fight . i was ready to die . newline newline i did nt enjoy school , and from what i ve already said you can gather that i was nt prom king . not even close in fact . i was quite literally last in line to the throne . probably behind a few of the girls too , i might add . i m not particularly hideous and certainly not overweight but in the social jungle of high school i chose to keep myself to myself . newline newline i m not sure why i was thinking about school as we trecked silently through nighttime spain . the occasional gun shot could be heard but the spanish rebels were hardly the most reserved characters . newline newline we were on the edge of the city when we came across a humvee by the side of the road . it was strange purely because there were nt supposed to be any allied forces in this area yet . as we got closer to it we found a puddle of blood behind the wheel . i brought my gun up ready to fire . i was damn ready to kill someone . i peered into the vehicle to find a headless marine . newline newline i should have been disgusted but i was nt . i was excited . newline newline i overheard jones muttering away while i was in the humvee searching for anything useful . newline newline  contact right  newline newline  contact left  newline newline what the fuck . all at once . this was it . the moment . newline newline i scrambled to get out of the humvee , slipped in the excitement and slammed my head into the door frame thing . newline newline as i came to i saw jones get shot in the head . splat . that was him done . my excitement turned to dismay . christ . where had his face gone . were they shooting bricks ? damn . there was nothing left from the shoulders up . newline newline i was lucky to be covered by the vehicle . i duck down and collect my thoughts . the feeling of being alive was back . stronger this time . i did nt want to lose it . newline newline i soon realised why jones had no head left when antiaircraft rounds slammed into the humvee . poor jones had taken a round to the head . he died like obama in kingsman . losing his head in a puff of smoke . newline newline newline i looked across at mathers who had found his way into a ditch . they d taken out th attackers on the right while i was out cold . he pointed at the humvee i was hiding behind . newline newline he wanted me to get on the mounted 50 cal . okay . i climbed into the humvee and peered out a hole in the back . the shooting stopped . something had jammed in their gun in the back of a pick up truck . this was my moment . newline newline i jumped up , readied the weapon and fired . they noticed and tried to run but it was too late . my bullets cut them down . 10s of lives ended just like that . one of them only looked like a kid . 15 maybe , but i did nt care . newline newline  good job , private .  barked mathers . i went over to him . he patted me on the back and i threw up .  that s war for you .  newline newline he was right . that was war . and i fucking loved it . newline newline newline newlinei had been working towards this for a millennia . newline newline call it what you want redemption , justice , a holy mission . i called it going home . newline newline and here i was , home . newline newline it s different for everyone . one of those places where you mostly see what you want to . i saw a forest . newline newline my footsteps here made no noise , my breath made no sound , and yet i knew my presence was felt . newline newline i touched everything . it felt so real it might have been . i did nt know how places like these worked . the bark crumbled away beneath my fingers , thick red chunks tumbling to the ground . the twigs beneath my feet did not snap , but i felt them there . a sheen of dew coated everything in sight , and i felt it coating me , the mist nearly as light as air . newline newline child .  i felt , more than heard . newline newline i made no sudden break to look around . when he was ready he would show himself to me . newline newline it has been long .  newline newline  the years without me ?  i asked the air .  i would know better than anyone . you know how time goes there .  newline newline i m sorry for that .  newline newline i knew he was . it was just the way he worked . he could be as sorry as he wanted and he would still make the same choices out of pure obligation . newline newline  i forgive you .  i said , and i meant it . you were nt allowed here if you did nt mean it . newline newline i shared a silent moment of understanding with him . newline newline  the others  i asked quietly . newline newline now they are the fallen .  newline newline i reflected on this . i had thought it seemed awfully empty here . newline newline  they could not bear to redeem me .  i said . it was not a question . newline newline forgiveness is essential .  newline newline  now they may understand how i suffered .  i said . there was no malice in the thought . i did not wish suffering upon them . i was rather sad they were no longer here . newline newline it will be many years before they return .  newline newline  if they return at all .  i finished quietly . newline newline lucifer .  newline newline a thought occurred to me . i palmed the tree again , feeling the bark beneath my hand catch on my skin . you could not be hurt here . that was the price for absolute truth . newline newline i toyed with it a moment longer before i dared speak aloud . newline newline  do you think i can be forgiven ?  i said , and i waited . newline newline a silence fell over the forest . everything appeared the same , but i felt the difference sweep over me . newline newline i was suddenly alone . shell  newline newline no mistaking it . the spasms were subsiding now , the message still cycling start to finish . newline newline  shell  newline newline i was on my feet now . cold tingling sensation settling into my spine . had my retirement been preceded by a long stint as a janitor i might have dismissed it , however seeing as ive spent my working life as a ... newline newline i dont know ? newline newline how can i not know ? i know what i was , its there , right ... there , but i cant place it . something regimented ? secrets ? newline newline i cant place it . newline newline  shell  newline newline the spasm was subsiding still , but the message was still cycli newline newline  shelf  newline newline a second spasm , in my finger this time , the message felt the same , but the last letter had changed . newline newline shell newline newline shelf newline newline there is a shell on my book shelf . typical enough . people keep shells right ? i dont have any recollection of putting it there . i remember each of the books  an early edition of bram stoker s dracula from my daughter , assorted crime and spy novels , of which robert ludlem features heavily . the shell was an anomaly though had it always been there ? im sure it had , but if it had always been there , who put it there ? newline newline the shell was cool in my hand , smooth and laquered , clearly bought from some kind of gift shop , likely one of those you find on beach resorts , the kind full of glinting foil windmills , postcards and the heavy aroma of sugary sweets and fudge . the shell felt normal enough , i believe its called a conch  , the spiralling design led to an opening where the creature that once inhabited this shell would have lived . in its place however was a torn piece of typewritten paper . unravelling it , it measured no longer and no wider than my index finger . on it were typed the words : newline newline  garage . tool box . 5515  newline newline i wasnt aware i owned a tool box . i barely even used the garage . living in a city i have very little use of personal transport , the garage was home to a large chest freezer , and thankfully free of the junk one would assume a man of my age would accumulate having worked all over the world . newline newline did i work all over the world ? newline newline the toolbox was easy to find , a bright red , rectangular metal box , unblemished by use , but dusty from disuse . it was , however , empty inside . the cantilever shelves held nothing bar the manufacturers time coloured instruction manual and a single woodlouse , slolwy inching its way across the inside wall . newline newline i stopped to consider the compuction with which i was pursuing these apparent clues  . the average person when confronted with the preceding sequence of events would likely be more preoccupied with who was leaving them strange messages and why their body was conversing with them , albeit cryptically , in morse code . i found retirement boring however and this was a welcome distraction from the columbo reruns and cooking shows id grown habitually addicted to . newline newline was it normal for people to just know morse code ? i dont remember learning it ... newline newline the tool box was perfectly empty , completely unused . putting it back onto the floor i noticed a section shelf it came from was lose . fetching a scredriver from the pristine set that resided in the kitchen draw , i prized it open . a small safe sat in the opening , sat in a hole chisseled out of the foundations of the house . the combination was no mystery and the numbers popped up on the small led display as i typed them in . a mechanical click signified the four digit code in the conch had served its purpose . newline newline inside i found  a small brown envelope , several keys , one for a vehicle , a postcard with an address in new york and a menu from a diner there named simply kegans  . newline newline another type written message lay at the back under the other contents . this was one was less cryptic , but altogether more alarming . it read simply : newline newline run  . newline newline edit : at work , will add more , probably .my duty as attorney is to be in charge of ross s estate  all of his old paintings , which have been tucked away in a climatecontrolled storage safe until i get orders from the next of kin on what to do with said paintings . i m the only person with the authority to access these . newline newline once , a while back , myself being a fairly successful , handsome man , had a dinner date with a younger professional female  she was a successful artist . ross came up in topic over dinner , and well  we had had a few glasses of good vintage  notes of hazelnut , burgundy , earth ...  . one thing let to the next , and i was unlocking the the safe to show her the collection . we piece throw ross s televised landscapes , one by one ... and then i see it . a small , shadow obscured crucifix stood by the base of a tree . newline  huh , does that look like a crucifix to you ?  newline  it looks like a gravemarker .  newline newline then i quickly went back over the other paintings we had already passed through , scouring again those mountains , and river valleys with a closer eye when she said ,  here s another one !  i looked . the grave in this one was in the river , the water blatantly diverging around its own crucifix , the likeness lay just under the surface of water . newline newline and then they suddenly became clear : a crucifix , minute in a faroff gap of trees , another entombed by rocks , another in the shadow of a cactus ... newline newline every painting had one . newlinethe methodical cadence of five thousand boots hitting the ground at the same time , one after another filled my ears til i was sure i d go insane . the air was humid and warm . sand battered my bare skin lightly as a breeze threatened to almost comfort my erratic thinking . will i die here ? how did it come to this ? where did my descent into madness begin ? the last question , at least , i could answer . newline newline at the time , i thought i had the world figured out . my parents were so proud , their only son , independent and successful . brave , people called me . i was thanked nearly daily for my  service .  day after day i grew in a community i called home . the us marines . life made sense . after 19 years on this earth i was sure i had mastered my own destiny . i did well in all aspects of the marines . psychically and mentally . daily i took on challenges to learn and grow . newline newline one day , unlike any other day , i was approached by staff sargent sheldon . as a junior enlisted private first class , i put my arms behind my back to signal respect for the higher ranking man in front of me . he scanned my bearing , down and up again . without saying a word he handed me a sealed envelope and turned from me . newline newline 3 days later i was stepping off a c130 hercules airplane that had just landed in afghanistan . i no longer had control of my destiny . i always knew deployment was a possibility but it did nt seem real until i was putting my boots in the sand for the first time . eventually i became accustomed to life in the desert . my unit conducted daily convoy missions . my leaders preached this  hearts and minds  mentality , where we would go bring aid and assistance to local villages in eliminating and deterring the taliban terrorist threat . again , i felt in control of my destiny . newline newline 4 months after i placed my boot imprint on the desert for the first time my life changed forever . i set forth on a path that i d never return from . our convoy commander , captain granger was speaking to a local village elder . this was usual for our counter insurgency missions . the first bullet had buried itself into corporal johnson s throat before we ever heard the crack of a rifle . everything after i watched johnson s lifeless body hit the blood soaked sand is a blur . at some point i ran out of ammo . that tends to happen when you shoot wildly and in panic , a lesson i learned far too late . newline newline the next clear thing i remember is him on top of me . i had nt supplied my lungs with air for what seemed like an eternity . fear gripped me as it never had before . i ll never forget what he looked like . a dark skinned man with nearly black eyes , his face hidden behind a tan colored balaclava . newline newline his eyes . newline newline those are what i ll never forget . not as they pierced my soul as he took my last breathes away , and not as i managed to bury my knife in his gut . even then i felt my life waning . he fell backwards off of me just as the black edges of my vision were closing in . with a surge of pure adrenaline i seized my moment and wrapped my hands around his neck , with my thumbs pressed against his wind pipe . i pressed with all my might for a lifetime . newline newline suddenly as he went limp , i felt a rush of energy and elation . i continued to squeeze and with newfound strength and i broke his skin with brute force . i could still here the sounds of war and hell around me . i took up my knife and passed carefully through an alley created by two mud huts . before i could think , my instinct guided my blade into an unaware insurgent , who was shooting away from me . he yelped as i buried my already bloody knife into his lower back . soon he was lifeless and again , i felt another surge of energy . newline newline my muscles swelled and pure joy wracked my body . i sprinted off , faster than i had ever ran before in pursuit of my next target . at the end of the battle i had taken three bullet wounds to my body . 2 in the gut and 1 in my upper left leg . when i awake the next morning they were healed . newline newline after 6 more months and dozens of skirmishes i had discovered something peculiar about myself . when i killed by hand i got stronger in every way . i was faster , more powerful , more capable , harder to kill . i took from my victims every single time they died by my hand . that was nt all i took from them . i took more and more joy each time . it was like a drug to me . i killed indiscriminately , ditching my rifle nearly instantly every time we took fire . eventually i craved battle with the enemy . it kept me awake at night . i needed to kill more and more . newline newline the first time i took one of my brothers lives i puked . i looked over my comrades lifeless body in his tent . but still that joy grew stronger . newline newline i do nt know how long it s been now . i do nt know how many i ve killed . once my comrades discovered my fratricides they came after me . i killed many that day . i ve never left the desert . years or decades may have passed since then . i really do nt know . all i know is getting my fix of killing , and getting stronger . newline newline but this ... newline newline ten thousand men surrounded me . all nationalities in the region had united to destroy the  demon devil dog  as they d labeled me . it appeared that even the people we considered the enemy had temporarily cooperated with my comrades to kill me . newline newline so there i stood . listening to the beat of my impending doom approach closer and closer . incredulously i was elated . so many to kill , all coming to me . this day i would either die a legend or become immortal . i looked to my knife , that dried blood had rusted long ago . newline newline and sprinted towards the cadence .ginny and jon had been friends for as far as as they could remember . their parents alex and selma and david and judy had been good friends since before they were born . david was quite ecstatic when he found that his wife was pregnant and yet he was hesitating to share the good news with alex as he and selma had been trying for some time with no success . his glee knew no bounds when alex came to him and told him that they were pregnant as well . considering the circumstances of their birth it was destiny that ginny and jon would become such close friends . they played together , they went to school together , they did they homework together . it was an old joke between the two families that ginny and jon were as inseparable as conjoined twins . newline newline their fates were so intertwined that as teenage approached they even became depressed at the very same time . selma was very concerned that their once happy , cheerful kids were becoming so mopey and socially aloof . they would only interact with each other , rarely speaking to their parents or going out with other friends , hence selma s concerns were not baseless . judy , however , was confident that this was just an emo  phase that their kids were going through . puberty can be a stressful time for anybody and there was no point in being overlyconcerned as everyone has their own way with dealing with all the new changes happening to them . selma saw the wisdom in judy s words yet , she could not shake the feeling that something was amiss . she decided to put stock in judy s words for now realizing that their kids were not going anywhere and that she could always intervene as and when needed . newline newline                                               newline newline newline one fine day jon woke up and realized that something was different . he scanned his surroundings and even though they felt very familiar he was quick to realize that this was not his room and this was not his bed . it was ginny s bed . he woke up in a panic and went to check in the mirror . he was not simply in ginny s bed . he was in ginny s body . jon was having a really hard time comprehending what was happening to him . he tried pinching himself , convinced that this was some kind of a bizarre dream , but it was to no avail . frustrated he sat back down on his bed wondering what to do next when suddenly his phone started ringing . ginny s phone started ringing . newline newline  are you ... ..  jon was a bit surprised to hear his own voice coming through the line but he recognized the manner of it without delay . it was ginny . newline newline  yup , it s me . this is some freaky friday shit , is nt it ?  jon replied  do you have any clue how this might have happened ? see any old witches or wish upon any fortune cookies lately ?  newline newline  no clue what so ever  ginny laughed . jon always knew what to say to calm her down.  i was thinking though , maybe , i do nt know , maybe we should just roll with it . after all , what choice do we have ?  newline newline jon knew that she was right . no one knew how this had happened and if they went to their parents claiming that they had been body switched they would either thing they that they were being pranked or that their kids had gone insane . newline newline adjusting to this bizarre development turned out to be easier than either of them expected . ginny taught jon how do her hair while jon coached ginny on ways to deal with unexpected boners . neither of them was quite willing to accept it but the truth was both of them were having a lot more fun than they ever had in their own bodies . newline newline meanwhile , although their parents remained clueless about the body switching shenanigans that had happened they did not fail to notice a dramatic change in their kids  behavior . namely , it seemed as if over night their kids had outgrown their emo  phase . they seemed to have reverted back to their old cheerful selves and were as outgoing and active as ever . although they both seemed to have gotten a lot more clumsier than they used to be , ginny and jon s parents felt like they had their kids back again . newline newline                                               newline newline a few months went by , ginny and jon had now fully adapted to their new bodies and barely thought about what had happened any more . their family and friends had noticed some strange behavior in them but having been so attached to each other there were very few things that they did not know about each other . also , their personalities were so similar that there was no occasion for anyone to get genuinely suspicious . newline newline one day while ginny and jon went out for an evening stroll , they were approached by an old man . newline newline  so i think we can declare my experiment a rousing success ca nt we ?  newline newline ginny and jon instantly knew what he was talking about.  so you did this to us ? but how ? and most importantly why ?  ginny asked . newline newline this is why i have come here children , after every experiment it is crucial that all participants must be debriefed . just because this was nt a formal experiment does not mean that we should not respect protocol , does it ? newline  once upon a time i was a scientist of great repute  began the old man  in fact my reputation was such that i was recruited by the cia for a project that is now infamously known as mkultra . my research on consciousness transferance in particular was of great interest to them . using the generous funding that was made available to me through the mkultra program i was finally able to crack the problem and achieve a viable method of transferring consciousness from one body to another . however , i knew perfectly well what the cia intended to do with my research and i could not have that on my conscience . it pained me greatly to do so but i informed my supervisors that i had failed in my task . the project was cancelled and i swore to take this secret to my grave . until i saw the two of you that is . i know that you both probably do nt recognize me but i usually roam around these parts for my evening stroll . seeing two young happy kids grow depressed was not a sight that fared well with me and being psychologist by training i knew gender dysphoria when i saw it . plus , you two are so alike that i felt like you were the perfect subjects to confirm that my research was viable . now , if you want i could switch you back to the way you were but i have a feeling that you are happy just the way you are , are nt you ?  newline newline  i know this awkward and you do nt have to say anything but if you ever feel like this was a mistake , here is my card , i will be sure to undo my deed . till then , enjoy your gift and goodbye !  newline newline and so the old man disappeared never to be seen again .the joint chiefs sat around the table , each representing their own branch of the military . the president sat at the end of the polished cherry piece surrounded by his own chief of staff and the chief of every intelligence agency in the country . for years the united states had made itself the  world police ,  the country that stepped into everyone  s problems whether they were invited or not . today , they planned to  fix it  once and for all . to say that there was power at this table was an understatement  the world sat at this table , death sat in this table . death came in the form of a dozen crusty old men and women whose consciences had been reduced to mud over the years of service . death came in the form of their fancy suits and presidential pins . these men declared wars , sanction , and military strikes . these men were true power . newline newline the social engineer looked up at them , somehow unabashed by their presence . instead of squeamish he was confident . his shoulders squared his eyes straight and yearning for contact with each and every pair of eyes in the room . his voice carried confidence few could muster , and with a plan like his , it was necessary . newline newline  to recap , my plan would solve poverty , world hunger , many disease outbreaks and infesttations  it would improve the quality of life in the world by nearly 20  in all countries and nearly 40  in third world countries .  the engineer paused , looking around the room . newline newline the president sat back in his chair , folded his hands atop one another and looked the man in the eyes . everyone waited for his word with baited breath .  explain to me again how exactly we do this ?  newline newline  of course , sir.  the man replied ,  we send population relief teams into africa , the middle east , north korea , rural china , central america , south america , and east europe . we estimate that if we relieve the population in these places by about 50  we  d reach the desired effects.  newline newline silence took the room , the president considered the man  s words .  population relief teams ?  he asked . newline newline  that  s the term we prefer , sir.  the engineer responded . newline newline  alright , lets get on with it , and for gods sake people , fluff this up on the news . we  re ending world hunger , not committing genocide !  newlineyou do a nice job of portraying , quite viscerally , the horror that gerald goes through . i think you could do great as a horror writer ! you do a great job of portraying the madness and loneliness of gerald . newline newline by way of constructive criticism , i did nt really have a sense of any of the characters except for gerald . the other names mentioned are really just names , and tara is characterized solely by how gerald sees her . that may be your point , given the very , very gory ending , but it was hard , as a reader , to care about what gerald was doing . if you spent some time with gerald , tara and the others before it all goes horribly wrong for gerald , it d be that much more of a suckerpunch . newline newline good luck and congrats !i was the leader of the last frontier of humanity . 100 people do nt make much of a frontier but it was half the earth s population . they killed us in droves , a simple touch leaving us catatonic and drooling on the floor . even with my blessing , i had to watch my brothers and sisters fight for their last breath . newline newline but i survived . newline newline after 10 years of those monsters trying to kill me , i survived ! the frontier survived ! as i stand before the doors of our last bastion , with my bloodsiblings behind me , that is the only thought in my mind . newline newline as a soft breeze blew against , i tilted my head back and took it in the fresh air . i could smell their salty skins in the distance . i could hear their boots crunching over our land , over the bodies of our people . and i rejoiced . newline newline we are the last frontier because we will be the only frontier humanity needs to win this war . we have been working on a weapon that will crush those monsters into pieces . newline newline as the march of the peanut aliens came closer , i looked at my comrades , each of them in the eye . i donned my helmet , drew my hammer , and turned to the peanut army gathering in the horizon . newline newline their soldiers wore nothing on them , their halfoval , halfcylindrical bodies supported by limbs that were extensions of their outer shell . they did nt need armour , or they thought they did nt . their shells had worked for so long , they were getting arrogant . their mouths crackled as they moved , dropping skinlike flakes on the ground . each of them stood at 4 feet tall . they were small but they were many . newline newline  bring it out ,  i ordered . newline newline behind me , the doors of the castle burst open , and a mechanical robot stepped out . inside , was my secondincommand , operating the machine . but that was nt the secret . no , no . the secret was in the arms , which were made of giant circles . inside the circles were pistons that could move forward toward the inner side of the circle . newline newline i had named it the nutcracker . newline newline 35 more of these machines rolled out of the gates , standing tall behind our vanguard . newline newline with a hoarse voice , i yelled ,  charge !  newline newline the peanut army trampled army trampled the ground before , an army that was 20 , 000 strong . but we charged faster and harder , our limbs burning as we threw ourselves against the wave of anthropomorphic snacks . newline newline they surrounded us , but the nutcracker overwhelmed them by the with every blow of my hammer , with every bite of their smooth insides , i was winning my people s freedom . newline newline  fuck peanuts !  newline newline newline  newline newline if you like this story , you should subscribe to  rjasonholloway   https : www.reddit.comrjasonholloway  for more !it was burning a hole in my pocket . newline newline as a scientist , my recent assignment to the north pole was supposed to be an uneventful one : perform tests to gauge the impact of global climate change on the ice atop earth  s high arctic . nothing prepared me for what i actually found . though the man himself and his legions of elves were nowhere to be found , an empty sleigh and a large toy factory caused me to shed all vestiges of my cautious skepticism . when i found a large office with a sturdylooking safe , it only took a matter of moments for me to recover a drill and start to working . while i drilled through the lock mechanism , i surveyed my surroundings . there was certainly dust , indicating that the usual residents had been away for a time , but not nearly enough to speak of a long absence . it was the middle of summer in the northern hemisphere , though , and santa and his elves still had months before their most important task .  must be on vacation ,  i murmured . newline newline at that moment , the drill broke through , and after a bit of tinkering , i pulled open the safe . inside was but one object : a silver hourglass filled with sparkling sand , which slowly descended a mere grain at a time . a key was fastened to the hourglass with a crimson ribbon , and a parchment tag had the words ,  caution : one user per year  hastily scrawled upon it . gingerly picking up the hourglass , i saw that at the top , it had a keyhole .  once per year , eh ?  my mind raced . santa wouldn  t need whatever this device was for at least a few months , and in that time i could return it to a lab , perform some testing , and see what it was .  i could write a research paper . it would be an unparalleled scientific achievement.  newline newline besides , what was the worst that could happen ? santa would put me on the naughty list ? who needed santa  s presents when i was rich and famous ? newline newline when i departed the north pole a few weeks later , it was with hourglass in hand . as soon as i was back in a proper laboratory , i performed a full battery of tests . i could tell that it altered time , but the secrets of how it actually worked continued to confound me . i took the device with me everywhere , fearing that it would get lost or stolen . but this had an unanticipated side effect , as circumstances kept tempting me to use it . newline newline the day i learned that it could stop time , i watched in horror as a woman absentmindedly walked into the path of a speeding bus . i did everything i could to get to her before disaster struck , but i reached her side just in time to cradle her dying form in my arms .  i could have prevented this from happening . i could have stopped time and gotten her out of the way ,  i thought . but i had to think of the children , and how much disappointment they  d feel if santa couldn  t make it this year . newline newline several weeks later , i was in a convenience store when a man charged in with a gun , and demanded all the shopkeeper  s money .  it  s just money ,  i thought . once i had divined the secrets of the time stopper , i could give the shopkeeper enough money to be set for life . i couldn  t justify derailing santa  s annual flight for something so insignificant . newline newline a month later , i was nearing a breakthrough , and i knew it was only a matter of time before i could give santa back his device . the terrible burden would soon be gone . returning to my apartment , i didn  t give a second thought when i found my door unlocked , as i  d been in a rush to get to the lab that morning . when i saw the horned figure seated in my armchair , i realized just how wrong i  d been about everything . newline newline  gru vom krampus ,  he said , lips curling up to a devious smile , revealing pointed teeth .  you have something that nicholas has kept from me , for a very long time  newline newline though i wanted to run , i found myself frozen in place as krampus stood , and walked over to me . i attempted to resist as he removed the hourglass from my grasp , but he was far too strong . newline newline  think ,  he said , leaning forward , his foul breath causing me to shudder in repulsion .  think of all the torment i can do now  newline newline  ... starting with you.  newline this is lieutenant roebuck , dante s company , requesting a bird for exfiltration to base . over .  it was nice to hear a human voice again , hell was nt exactly filled with it anyways . we called it  hell  , but in all due honesty , we did nt know what it was . all we knew was that the technology to enter other dimensions was developed , we discovered a couple , and boom , here we were colonizing them . it did nt take long for us to set up  go through the portal , set up camp , and start moving . the portal itself was large enough to fit ospreys . while other regiments got fairly harmless places , we got  hell  . oh , and this was nt britishstyle colonization either , we were under strict orders to only harm any indigenous life form if absolutely necessary . newline newline  hell  was a desolate wasteland . the sky was nt ever blue , it was always gray and full of clouds . i was out with my company , known as  dante company  , scouting the area for any signs of life . so far , we had nothing for about 75 miles . it was cold and lifeless  besides us  . the temperature outside was about 14 degrees fahrenheit  approximately 10 degrees celsius  , we only had to wait 45 minutes until ospreys would get here to pick us up and take us to base , but it felt like 45 years .  base  was a portal , on the other side of it was our world . we had to live in this cold for a few hours , with horrible rations and horrible morale . we went in excited , and went out depressed .  hell  had this aura of sadness and eeriness . newline newline we saw our ospreys landing to pick us up . before we knew it , we were on board and flying back to base . i really wanted to see civilization again , but we did nt get too .  base , this helix four two delta , we have activity in sector four .  the intercom on the osprey announced that . within seconds , everyone one on board went from a depressing slump to fullon conversations . it did nt take long for the other ospreys to figure out either , in fact , within 30 seconds of the statement , the whole base was on heightened alert . newline newline  yeah base , this is helix three two delta , we have a confirmed possible anomalous entity on the ground , i can confirm multiple humanoids in a loose formation . not sure of other parameters .  everyone was cramming to look out the tiny windows behind them . you wo nt believe what happened next .  dante company , i understand you are split onto five ospreys ?  the base controller said .  yeah . there s five of us .  the head osprey pilot said .  great , we re sending devil company to your coordinates along with other security measurements . go ahead and land and wait for further instructions .   said the controller .  what the hell did you just say ?  our pilot said .  you heard me helix four two , land .  newline newline we landed . everyone was experiencing a mixture of happiness , excitement , confusion , and fear . mostly fear . we all had the beings in sight . one was just standing there , then it started to approach us . the poor thing looked frightened . it was funny , it looked just like us , but a bit taller , and the head was bigger . by now , devil company was just arriving above us . colonel rosenberg was out of the osprey first . he fearlessly approached the being and said ,  i am colonel rosenberg of 3rd regiment , are you capable of understanding the english language ?  the being , now confused said ,  uhh ... yeah ?   what in living and dead hell ? !  someone exclaimed . everyone broke into whispersshock .  quiet !  rosenberg said .  we have just discovered technology that allows us to travel through dimensions . can you tell me your name and the realm we are in ?  he said . the being responded ,  i am mike johnson , general of the u.s. army . we detected anomalous activity in this area , you are currently in the territory of the united states of america . you are on a planet called earth . the open road is rather relieving . driving west , looking at the countryside , seeing nothing but plains . no one to talk to but yourself . might as well write down the conversations . driving is monotonous . stay in the right lane , when someone is going particularly slowly , you pass them . and yet , you realize that you re only behind another car . are you making progress or are you just running to stand still ? you pass another car , thinking that the car you passed was the last . thinking that you ll be free for once . you speed up in celebration of reaching the open road . funny how when confronted with breathing space we seek to gobble it up as soon as possible . and before you know it , you re behind another car .the voices were increasing in volume .  wake up sleepy heads !  . they had a hard time pinpointing its origin , until they noticed the big thing in the room with people inside it .  what if we re already up ?  .  you re probably still sleeping , peter  .  alright , alright , kids . behave . i hope you re all awake now . i hope you all slept well . i m jessica , this handsome man over here is my husband kevin . and these are our beautiful children , peter and carrie . hi !  newline newline we . are you ... newline newline hey , it s okey  newline newline we are you . and you love each other very much . and you need to remember that every day . you can find out what day today is by pressing the button here , go ahead do it .  newline newline the boy that looks like peter presses the button on the wall , the screen displays and says day 376 and the time . and the message that two days are left until carrie s 8th birthday . newline newline  if your body is feeling empty you need to eat and drink like this , all you need is over here . and if you feel full you can go to the bathroom . you press any button that look like this and it will show you how to do it ... is there anything you d like to add kevin ?  newline newline  no you re doing fine  newline newline  remember we love you all . say bye kids !  newline newline  bye ! ! love you ! bye mr bunny  newline newline  alright , take care ! the skill crystal clinked as the tiredlooking man set it on the counter .  i need to sell this ,  was his only explanation . he stood expectantly as i lifted the crude glassy lump . newline newline i held it up to the window as i gave the skill a cursory examination . the thing was huge for a skill crystal , riddled with cloudy inclusions , its surface pitted and irregular .  home extracted ,  i clucked dismissively . damned inefficient , a waste of materials . he didn  t respond , but he was already out of my mind other than a footnote of irritation . the skill had nearly my full attentioni couldn  t immediately identify it . newline newline at first , i blamed the amateurish extraction job  people who do it themselves at home , they never manage to pull the single specific skill by itself . they try to get just their knowledge of a secret family recipe , and accidentally give up a dozen little cooking techniques with it . or the try to crystallize their skill at driving commercial vehicles , and also lose  how to parallel park.  that kind of crosscontamination muddles the clarity , and makes the resulting crystal something of a mess . newline newline this one must have been years  worth of learning and experience . extracted properly , it might be half the size , but it would be a nice , attractive gem of a skill , compact , easy to absorb , without the various boring life skills this man in front of me would come to miss in a few days or weeks . newline newline but i began to feel some concern  i couldn  t even begin to read its contents . i turned it over and over in my hands and only got the vaguest notions of what it might hold . what i do isn  t a skillpeople have tried to buy it from me , even though it  s not something people can learn . although i  ve worked at it like one would any normal skill , you have to have the  innate ability first . normally , i can identify and rate skill crystals instantly . newline newline and the blob resisted my efforts . if not for the tingle of power , if not for the slow , swirling movements of the extraneous talents included in this skill , the thing could have been ordinary glass . newline newline there was a skill thereseveral , actuallybut they weren  t anything i  d encountered before . newline newline i looked from the blob to the man , giving him a closer look .  tired  wasn  t the right word , and neither was  man.  this teenager was exhausted . that was unusual  teenagers were the biggest skill buyers .  they collected talents like hoarding magpies . he wasn  t paying attention , just staring off into space , waiting . he looked like he  d had a rough week or so  his short hair was greasy and his clothes had a few days  wear on them . though they looked expensive , they hung on him , a few sizes too large . newline newline i reviewed the types of skills that a youngster would dedicate the hours to master . there was nothing athletic in the skill i held . it felt vaguely academic , but i could only get the foggiest of impressions  it had lots of onthejob learning . newline newline after several more minutes of fruitless guessing , i gave up . i waved a bit to catch his attention .  what is it ?  i asked . his eyes came into focus and he blinked . i repeated the question . newline newline his face crumpled , like he was about to cry . the effort to control himself made sweat bead on his forehead . after a few moments of rigidlycontrolled breathing , he swallowed , wiped his eyes , and tried to speak .  iit  s my family . dad and everything he learned , grandpa , greatgrandma , going all the way back to  back.  newline newline i couldn  t hold in my gasp as i made the connection . newline newline i was holding a legacy . newline newline i stared , stunned , at the ugly , lopsided skill crystal , then back to the boy . then back to the crystal , amazed . i  d never held a legacy before . i  d never seen one . these things did not end up in the hands of skill brokers . they never left their families . heck , the damn things were locked to prevent theft or use outside of the bloodline . usually . newline newline i felt no locks on this one . i could feel all of the little intrinsic qualities of the crystal itself , i could even feel the little trigger that would release the skill from its physical matrix . now that i knew its identity , i could recognize how rushed the extraction had been . newline newline for a moment , my mind rested on that trigger . i could take this boy  s legacy , the compounded knowledge of generations , right now , and get out of this place . take my innate talent and apply it to things more interesting than assessing crude skill crystals filled with junk skills like  efficient gift wrapping  or  writing mirrorimage letters.  newline newline the temptation passed . i put the legacy back on the counter and closed my eyes , trying to think through the best course of action here . newline newline  all right . i  don  t know who you are , but there  s really nothing i can give you that is worth your family  s legacy.  i  d built a reputation on being honest , and i wasn  t about to compromise it now .  this is invaluable . it  s not something i could ever sell , not  not properly , not legally.  even trying would probably get me arrested .  why haven  t you incorporated it ?  newline newline he shifted a little in place , and again suppressed anguish .  i  it  s not allowed , i  m too young.  he launched into an explanation , some of the secrets of the legacy families that i had never before heard . apparently the custom was that a person could only absorb a legacy in their thirties , or after they were married and had raised a child to the age of five . it was , he tried to convey , a way of ensuring that the inheritor did not get his personality overwritten by the ancestral talents , that he had a chance to learn and develop his own natural skills before borrowing from his progenitors . it made sense , but it left this boy handicapped . newline newline i looked at him , then to the door . business was always slow this time of day , but i went around the counter and locked us in . i flipped the  closed  sign , then , staying on the customer side of the counter , i crossed my arms a few paces away from him .  so . you  re in trouble . someone  s after you . and you  re the last heir to this legacy.  i didn  t phrase these statements as questions , but he nodded . i held up a hand as he tried to explain further .  the less i know , the safer for both of us . helping you  is a big risk . but i can  t let you walk out of here ,  i sighed .  not without trying . so i  ll make you a deal.  newline newline i went to the big display case behind the counter and dismissed the protective field . i began setting skill crystals in front of him . dozens of them . most were faceted little gems , bright , dull , and a few glowing , all about the size of a fingernail . evasive piloting , selfdefense , using stealth fields . i sorted through the skills decisively , pulling some from drawers and others from secret safes . i even laid out a few illegal talents like evading security systems , lockpicking , shoplifting , and pickpocketing . the boy would need every advantage he could get . newline newline these skills , together , would give him everything he needed to break clean of whatever it was that was after him . an impromptu assassinspy , more in line with the fictional idealized version than the mundane reality , but i tried to anticipate every contingency , as best i could guess them . newline newline and when he got out of this mess , whatever it was , he  d owe me . when he came into his rightful place in the world , someday , he  d remember the skill broker who was generous , who had helped him , and who had kept his legacy safe . newline newline safe , so long as whoever had murdered his family didn  t come after me . newlinefor the second time in the past week , aiden stood on an open loading ramp on board a v67 osprey . below him was another war ridden colony , the spectacular display of advanced weaponry detonating approximately 98 km below him . the ships servoarm lowered down to aiden s chest , two cylinders full of a crawling black substance resting neatly on top of an onyx tray . once again , aiden would have to release the nanobots that would function as his drhe suit . grimacing , he cracked open the containers , and dipped an index finger into each capsule . newline newline the bots were quick to act , quickly spreading across his body in its entirety . for a moment , he looked as if he was covered in a thick black ink . he stood , without moving , as he waited for the armorbots to synchronize with each other , and activate the neur0lynk . it started with a slight pinch at the base of his skull . soon it evolved into a full body spasm as they burrowed their way into his augmented spine , and activated the suits capabilities . the hud flashed into his retinal displays , and showed that it was mission ready . newline newline deepreconnaissance hostileenvironment model number 18xb5518 activated . all systems are operating at 100  capacity . communication , cloaking , ordnance disposal , and long range surveillance capabilities all functioning . please stand by for ... . newline newline with a pulse of thought , aiden silenced the audio function of the suit , and leaped from the aircraft , and began his free fall . the gs25 gauss rifle magnetically stuck to his chest began to cycle through its functions check . something that should have been done before he jumped , but the thought of actually doing things by the book at this point humored aiden to no end . he released it from its hold , and clutched it in his right hand as he prepared to land . newline newline on screen the altometer began to tick away towards the magchute release . aiden could feel the combat stims beginning to flow throughout his nervous system . already , his radar was beginning to pick out potential targets within a 50m radius . blue for friendlies , and red for the crusties . technically , they had some ridiculously long scientific name that some lab rat had thought up , in order to be politically correct . some sort of mutant crustacean that had spread quicker across the planetary ring than the clap on board a lost ship full of sailors . to hitters like aiden , soldiers and the mercs that helped them , they were just crusties . newline newline with a thud , he landed onto the surface of the planet . his suit scrambled frantically to reassemble itself from atmofreefall to surface mode , and began to shift colors to match the bleak environment around him . from above the planet looked as if it were filled with black clouds , similar to the coal powered factories of ancient earth . upon reaching planet side , however , aiden grimaced as he realized that those clouds were in fact liquid graphite . as per his usual luck with these offthebooks missions , he was sent to the shittest environment possible . the surface of the planet , what was nt turned to glass from artillery and firefights , was nothing more than a thick crust of dark gray rock . liquid graphite flowed in streams , appearing and returning to the ground in random patterns . the wind was harsh , and did little to move the perpetual grey fog that covered the manufacturing areas of the planet . aiden s rally point was the only inhabited part of the planet , a spire city called valhall . newline newline suddenly , his radar began to blow up with red . it was seemingly from all around him , however he was unable to pick up any sort of hard visuals .  refresh .  he said coldly , removing the safety from his gauss rifle and activating the plasma bayonet at the end of it . the radar flickered , and appeared with the same readings . this time , however , the crusties were allegedly within 5 meters , however once again aiden had no visuals . his muscles began to involuntarily flex in anticipation of a fightthe side effects of the combat stims that the little bots provided . newline newline holding his breath , he made the decision that it was time to move . as he prepared to activate the thrusters located on his back , a young girl clad in an envirosuit stumbled into view . she smiled unnervingly at him , and then the ground underneath aiden crumbled away , dissolving his view of the world above .heliconius sapho . i d only ever seen photos of the rare butterfly , and now i was less than one foot away from one . it stood on a leaf for nearly a minute before flying off . newline newline i followed it for a few paces before turning back towards the trail . the rest of the group was no longer there . newline newline i quickened my pace to catch up to them . they could nt have been far , but i walked for nearly ten minutes without being able to catch up . newline newline  mrs . avery ?  i yelled . silence . newline newline that was strange . i should nt have heard nothing . i should have heard insects buzzing and birds chirping , but instead all i heard was my ears ringing . newline newline i saw some movement out of the corner of my eye . i turned towards it . standing about 10 feet away from me was a humanoid figure . it was completely black except for two white points where its eyes should have been . actually ,  black  was the wrong word to describe it . it was more like it was no color at all , just a gap in what i could see . newline newline i started sprinting almost immediately . i had no idea if it was following me but i did nt want to take any chances . after about five minutes sprinting down the trail , i paused to catch my breath . i noticed that the forest was no longer silent . in addition to my own heavy breathing , i could hear birds and insects . newline newline after a minute , i continued walking briskly down the trail . after about an hour , i felt the cacaphony of the forest die down again , as if someone had turned a volume knob down on everything around me . newline newline i did nt need to look back to know that it was right behind me . i took off running again . newline newline after about five minutes , i felt my left foot catch on a branch , and i barely got my hands out in front of me to break my fall . i rolled over and came facetoface with ... mrs. avery ? newline newline  danny ! you had us all terrified . i was about ready to call for a search party ,  said mrs. avery . she offered her hand to me . newline newline i felt relieved . but then i realized  mrs. avery never called me danny . always daniel . and i still could nt hear any ambient noise coming from the forest . newline newline   newline newline rrpwrites the fresh prince of bel air is based on the life of : newline newline barack hussein obama ! newline newline ok , think about it . newline newline the fresh prince was about a kid growing up in a slum , then gets sent to rich family members that live across the country , and take care of him to try to get him out of the ghetto mindset . newline newline barack hussein obama , grew up in indonesia , which is if i may say , one of the best cases for being the , slum of the earth ,  that i ve ever seen . then he was sent to live with his grandparents in hawaii . a serious upgrade in lifestyle , if i do say so , and i do . newline newline  angry obama the pothead ,  they called him in high school . he did nt have an excellent high school gpa but he did ok , then got into ... columbia and harvard of all places . newline newline the fresh prince also slumped through high school , like the inner city lost soul that he is , and also got into college , for his skill in solving a rubix cube . newline newline the fresh prince does nt really know his dad and is desperate to have some kind of relationship with him . only to be abandoned later on in life , and resent him deeply . newline newline obama never knew anything about his father and resented him greatly , have grown up without him . newline newline but the similarities do nt stop there folks . you see both the fresh prince and obama are highly able public speakers , they both display an ability to repaint doing terrible things in a , shall we say , nonchalant life , and they both hate the second amendment . newline newline in one episode the fresh prince is shot , admirably throwing himself in front of a family member to protect them from the bullet . later on his cousin ,  carlton ,  buys a gun to defend himself . as is the right of every warm blooded american . but is that okay for ,  carlton ,  to do according to the fresh prince ? oh no it is nt ! ! ! and he makes heavy use of rhetoric and emotional attachment to illegally force his cousin to disarm . newline newline just like president barack hussein obama pointed out earlier last week after the most recent mass shooting where he said , and i quote ,  we ca nt be this jaded about mass shootings . there has got to be a way to make sure these kinds of firearms do nt get into the hands of those who feel this kind of rage !  newline newline so you see , the fresh prince of bel air was modeled on the early life of our current president . newline newline but the question is why . why would someone go through all the trouble to do that way back in the 90 s ? well , the answer is , as plain , as , day . newline newline the dnc knew way back then , that he was going to be a popular replacement for caucasian presidents as soon as the minority vote was big enough . the show was paid for and aired on what was then a bastion of liberal political propaganda , loosely cloaked in the veil of entertainment . newline newline it was an attempt at conditioning the young into accepting him later on in life , so that he would be more easily accepted as a viable presidential candidate . and vote the young people did ! straight for the proper target outlined by the dnc . newline newline after this , we ll show you side by side footage as will smith s character and president barack hussein obama both give public dialog that show the , radical left , liberal agenda , in action . newline newline i m bill oriley , and if anyone could possible argue that this was a coincidence ... well ... you could nt explain that !  newline newline  cut ! ! ! good job billeeoh ! i think that ll make the cut for tonight . total amarco : we are always together flashed across the screen above a sitting child . on a bright and clear january day , top level marketing agents marched through the streets in search of enforcement . they searched for the ablebodied and clean . gone were the days of four minute commercials and picturesque models in skimpy underwear . most of the work was done with machines  automation was a precision driven innovation for human society . fast food jobs were a thing of the past , retail workers gone extinct , carpet cleaning , construction workers and barbers all replaced with automated robots . newline newline we were supposed to have lived a revolutionized freedom  so we were promised . as a species , we romanced of using our free time constructing a new and more peaceful society . people had waited for a long time . we only imagined the possibilities . we dreamed of those places , but they never happened . newline newline the world was headed for a massive change of culture . the massive collapse of large companies began to affect everything we held in regard . its victims : boeing , fed ex , exxon mobil , toyota and general motors among the companies which closed its doors . it didn  t look good and thousands of crucial systems around the world destabilized in the blinking of eyes . newline newline in its place , an attempt to ignore the reality of a wrecked society . in every street corner , automated machines , on the doors of selfdriven cars , advertisements for individuals looking for owners . the ships and the bridges filled with men and women searching for sustenance from those who held to an income . they lie in dirt , searching , praying and starving for a chance at humanity . newline newline in the cities , people holding signs and advertisements , asking to be fed and kept safe from harm . gone were the days of four minute commercials newlinei hold my head up with my elbows , resting on the pristine white counter . my pink hair is pulled into two ringed pigtails . my nurse s hat and smock are as clean as the white counter top . newline newline how many days has it been since the player came in and asked to have his pokemon healed ? it s been at least a few weeks . newline newline that s one of the worst things about being the nurse joy of accumula town . after starting the game , the player has no need to ever come back here . but  just in case  i have to be here in the event they do . newline newline i do nt have any dialogue options that allow me to talk to the other npcs here , either . i turn to look at one of the employees working at the poke mart counter . newline newline  welcome to the pokemon center ,  i state flatly . he turns to look at me , confused . newline newline  welcome to the poke mart ,  he replies . it s not riveting conversation by any means , but at least it s something . newline newline  would you like to heal your pokemon ?  i ask . he nods , then he repeats  welcome to the poke mart .  newline newline there s suddenly a notice . the player is erasing all saved data . the code of the pokemon center shifts on itself , collapsing and rearranging for a new save file . newline newline a bright light erupts from the tile underneath me . i turn to the clerk . newline newline  we hope to see you again !  we say in unison . then everything is dark .kyle was miserable . it was hot . the kind of hot that makes your shirt stick to your back , and ice cream melt before you can lick it . heat like that can be a good thing , kyle knew . it melts the snow and comes from sun that makes the flowers grow . and sometimes , you get to go swimming . newline newline kyle called his dog , beanbean , and went looking for his mom .  i want to go swimming ,  he said when he found her in the kitchen . newline newline  sorry , kyle ,  his mom said .  the pool does nt open till next week !  newline newline kyle thought about that for a minute .  we could get our own pool . billy has his own pool .  newline newline  billy does nt have a great big lake behind his house either .  newline newline  can i go over to billy s pool ?  newline newline  they re on vacation , kyle . no one is home .  newline newline kyle kicked at the floor .  well , can i swim in the lake then ?  newline newline his mom turned around real fast , and bent down to take his shoulders .  you must never swim in the lake by yourself , kyle ,  she said .  you know that . it s dangerous .  newline newline kyle knew that already . he was a big boy who knew the rules .  i know ,  he said .  i want you to take me .  newline newline  oh honey ,  his mom said .  i ca nt right now , i m busy . maybe later , okay ?  newline newline kyle knew what maybe  meant . maybe meant almost never . maybe  meant leavemealonenow  when adults were too nice to say it . like go play  . newline newline  okay ,  kyle said . newline newline mom turned back to her dishes . kyle called beanbean again and took him outside . in the yard was a beach ball , brightly colored  red and yellow and blue . kyle rolled it to beanbean .  fetch ,  he said . newline newline beanbean jumped away from the ball and barked at it . he was a little dog . the beach ball was bigger . maybe he was scared of it . newline newline kyle rolled the ball away from beanbean . the dog chased it , barking the whole time . newline newline kyle and bean played for a little while . then it got too hot , and kyle had to stop . he laid down on the ground and pulled up some grass with his hands .  hot , beanbean ,  he said .  it s too hot .  newline newline beanbean laid down beside him and licked his face .  that s no help ,  kyle said . he sat up . newline newline his play had brought him near the lake . that s when kyle had an idea . it would be bad , he knew , but maybe he would nt get in trouble . newline newline mom was always telling him to take care of his toys . she d be mad if he lost one . if his ball accidentally rolled into the water , he d have to go get it , right ? and she d said he could nt swim in the lake . not that he could nt get his ball out of it . newline newline  right , beanbean ?  he said . newline newline bean barked . newline newline  that means yes .  kyle stood up and rolled the ball . it rolled almost right up to the edge of the lake .  hi , beanbean !  he said , pretending like he was nt paying attention to what he was doing . he kicked the ball as hard as he could .  oops ,  he said . newline newline the ball landed in the water with a plop !  it started to float away . newline newline  come on bean !  kyle shouted . he ran along the lake , following the ball . at one point , there was a little piece of lawncoveredrock that hung out over the water . kyle ran onto it , getting ready to jump in and save his ball . newline newline then the ball started to raise up in the air . it was flying ! it was floating , cold blue water rising with it . kyle froze . as it continued to rise , he realized the blue was nt water , but scales . scales of a giant ... lake monster . newline newline  monsters are nt real ,  kyle whispered . he closed his eyes and opened them again , to see if the monster would disappear . it did nt . newline newline kyle forgot about the heat . he worried that monsters , like billy had said , might really eat little boys . he worried more that he would be in big trouble . he decided he was more worried about mommy and daddy than the monster . newline newline  that s my ball ,  he said , very very bravely . newline newline beanbean stood at his side , barking , backing him up . newline newline the monster seemed to understand . he pulled the ball in to his chest , away from the boy , in that way of holding a thing that says unmistakably  mine .  newline newline  it s mine ,  kyle repeated .  my ball .  newline newline the monster growled a little . beanbean growled back . newline newline  you give it to me , now !  kyle said . newline newline the monster growled some more . beanbean looked like he might jump into the water at any moment . newline newline  please ,  kyle said .  my daddy got me that ball .  newline newline  ooo ?  said the monster , tilting its head . it leaned in and put its eyes right next to kyle . one eye was bigger than the boy s whole body . newline newline  ooo ?  it said again . it reached toward kyle , ball in hand . newline newline kyle yelped and jumped back , frightened . beanbean yelped and jumped forward , protecting his boy . newline newline beanbean bit the monster . newline newline the monster yelped and dove under the water , ball still in his hands . beanbean ran , barking , up and down the bank . kyle sat on the grass and began to cry . newline newline a cool mist of water sprayed his face as the monster rose again . newline newline  ooo ,  the moster said , placing the ball beside the boy .  ooo .  newline newline and it went below the water again . kyle took the ball and called to his dog . beanbean came back to his side . newline newline as they walked back to the house , kyle decided his mom was right  he should nt swim in the lake alone .it s the big day . i ve finally done it . every latenight spent in the lab . every day out in the blistering heat , searching through ancient buildings . newline newline four years ago , my team went on an expedition to investigate the ruins of the ancient city of bellevue . we did a quick overview of the ruins on the old repulsorjet platform we rented , and one of my students spotted a glimmer in the distance . newline  let s check that out  newline  alright , but it s probably just a piece of glass .  newline and sure enough it was . but it seemed like a good enough area to start a dig , and so i had a student pull out the hhgprs  hand heald ground penetrating radars  . i started a methodical scan , instructing everyone to designate a 10x10 meter area to sweep . the scanning took about half an hour , and the sun beat down on our backs , but it was worth it . i plugged each scanner into a usb1246.0 on the small black box i produced from my pocket , and tapped a grey circle on one of the sides .  initializing  , the familiar female voice said . the holoterminal popped itself into existence in the air above tha plastic box , and it began to piece together the scans . a large set of letters could be seen in the bottom left corner . i quickly translated them : valve . newline  this could be an ancient old industrial building , like the dark matter reactor they just finished in new new old old new old old new new new york .  newline  fascinating  newline we unloaded the plasmaarc excavator , and instructed it to vaporize all dirt in a ten meter radius for two meters down . everyone stepped back , and the device whirred into action . newline once the excavator had produced a cilindrical hole , we shut it off , and went in with brushes . i recovered a barely intact silver disc . it had writing on it , in the ancient script : half life 3 . i thought nothing of it at the time , hardly realizing i had just made the most significant archaeological discovery of the 30th century . newline newline after 4 years of hard work painstakingly pieceing together the code , on this night , i finally run the file . i boot the  windows 12  emulator on a university computer , and cross my fingers . i tap twice on halflife3.exe . it boots up . the loading screen opens  source 2  . i make it to the menu . newline  welcome to the closed beta of half life 3 . we ve been working very hard , and i think our testers will like this version  ... newlinethere is something in my room newline newline some times happy and others gloom newline newline it makes everything seem easy newline newline i m talking about my tv newline newline when my life leaves me bored newline newline it has a magic cord newline newline or just really tired newline newline caffeine makes me wired newline newline maybe i watch too much newline newline comedies , dramas , and such newline newline sometimes i can be sad newline newline tv is nt all that bad newline newline i sometimes watch it to help me sleep newline newline until my alarm clock gives a beep newline newline time to get up and face the day newline newline time to give up tv for pay newline newline once the day starts anew newline newline i can be somewhat blue newline newline but it ends up ok , you see newline newline once i m home , tv s there for meto whoever finds this . newline newline i am the lone survivor of a shipwreck that happened a few weeks back . or at least i think it was a few weeks . could be months or even years by now for all i know . anyway , everyone else is dead . my crew and i were dumbasses and went out to haul in more tuna , even though every forecast in the region was calling for severe storms . we thought we could get just a few more before we called it a day and went home . the storm made the water go crazy and the ship was moving every damn direction you can think . finally , one wave hit us that was just too much for the ship to take . it flipped and we all went overboard . a couple guys on break down inside the ship never made it out , poor bastards . the rest of us were nt much better off though . one of the lifeboats was floating along and i sprang for it . i and five others all got on  the rest were swept away by the enormous waves . i do nt know what became of them but probably nothing good . the storm finally calmed after a few hours and we found ourselves hopelessly stranded . we got badly burned from the sun and all we had to eat was the emergency supply in the life boat , which phil rationed out to us .  we got ta make it last ,  he said . i do nt know who put phil in charge but everyone else went along with it . newline newline after eating what was basically a couple bread crumbs per day for god knows how long , we finally saw a small island in the distance . we paddled toward it , hoping for some kind of relief from this nightmare . unfortunately , the island was tiny , maybe a few thousand square feet , and had almost no life on it save for a few trees and some hermit crabs here and there . we scraped up what little of those crabs we could catch and shared morsels of them , barely enough to fill me up halfway . i was starving , so i eventually resorted to stealing out of the backup food supply when nobody was looking . i took little bits at a time and nobody was any the wiser . newline newline when we ran out of food , we did nt know what to do . no planes had come overhead and no boats were anywhere in sight . we tried eating the leaves off of the trees , but it did nt satisfy . one among us , andrew , succumbed to some kind of sickness he d gotten a few days after the wreck . we gave him an honorable memorial and said a few words on his behalf . i looked at his body and remembered some of the stories i had read about desperate situations like this . i suggested we eat andrew . well , nobody seemed to like this idea very much , but i reminded them how hungry we all were . andrew was dead anyway  what good was a rotting body to us ? slowly but surely , they started agreeing , the last of whom was phil . we tore off pieces of muscle and flesh , at first gingerly putting tiny pieces into our mouths . once we had gotten a taste , though , we eagerly dove in and scarfed down as much as our greedy bellies could handle . newline newline we picked at the body until it rotted a few days later . we cast the last of andrew into the ocean , and we were once again left without food . some of the others were looking a bit sick though , probably from eating raw human flesh . my stomach was aching for food , so i decided i d take advantage . though the island was small , we afforded each other privacy for personal situations like using the restroom or masturbation . jeremy , the sickest of us , had gone to take a leak , so i followed him . as he was relieving himself , i grasped his neck and choked him to death . i ran back and tricked the others , telling them that i had found jeremy on the ground , not breathing . we treated him the same as we had treated andrew and were soon feasting on his remains . newline newline there were now four of us left . i knew i could nt be the one to discover a body again lest the others begin to suspect me . over the next couple of days , i spent some  masturbation  time grinding a stick with a small shell that i found until i had a sharp , sizable stake , which i kept hidden from view in the hole of a certain tree . at night , when the others were sleeping , i took the stake from its place and drove it into the throat of henry . i chose the throat so that he could nt cry out and alert the others , who stayed soundly asleep . his eyes bugged out of his head  soft , delicious eyes . i watched blood pour from his body until he was still . i placed the stake into the hands of benjamin . he would never believe that phil would do such a thing and immediately point the blame toward me , but i could count on phil to take my side , especially if the evidence pointed to ben . newline newline the next morning phil and ben were horrified at the scene , and i acted along with them . i had left the stake , covered in henry s stale blood , near the spot where ben had been sleeping . phil was the one to point it out and began questioning ben , and i followed suit . of course , ben said that he had been framed and that i had in fact committed the murder . i assured phil that i had done no such thing , and that the stake was , after all , in ben s possession , not mine . phil believed me , and we overtook ben and pinned him to the ground . while he was screaming bloody murder , phil and i discussed what to do with him . i told him that , since we had run out of food , the most logical course of action would be to simply break ben s legs and save him for when we had finished eating henry s body . phil knew how cruel the punishment was , but he considered that ben had just murdered henry and tried to blame me for it , and so agreed . he held ben s body on the ground while i stomped his legs over and over until i heard each of them crack in a spineshuddering way . ben screamed out in agony , tears streaming down his face , and it was all phil could manage to not break out in tears himself . i put my hand on his shoulder and assured him that we had done the right thing . newline newline we ate henry that day , feeding bits to the disabled and whimpering ben . he knew his fate but was still incredibly hungry , so he obliged . after a few more days , henry s corpse was rotted and the time had come to move on to ben . we figured the most fitting way to kill him would be the same way he had killed henry . i offered to do the final deed , but phil assured me that because i had broken his legs , he was the one who should drive the stake into ben s throat , as much as it would hurt him . i saw tears stream down both their faces as the stake came down and pierced ben s skin , precious blood oozing forth from the wound . he let out several gurgling sounds until his body finally submitted to death , and he was still . newline newline phil and i spent the rest of the day eating ben in silence . he could nt bear to think about what he had just done to his own crew mate and barely ate anything . i , on the other hand , ate as much as i could . delicious meat filling my body , giving me energy . i took a strange pride in how henry and ben had come to pass by my own doing , phil not suspecting a thing . he posed no threat to me , but i could nt bear the thought of killing him without giving him a full account of the events that had taken place on the island . that night , while he slept , i approached him . i knew i would have to be quick , so with all my energy , i crushed his calf with my foot . his eyes bolted open and he shrieked in pain , looking up at me like a confused dog . he started frantically moving his other leg and his arms in a desperate attempt to escape , but i would nt allow it . i grabbed his good leg , dragged him until he was flat on the ground , and stomped it until it too cracked under the force of my foot . over his screams of agony , i explained everything to him : how i had stolen rations , killed jeremy and henry , pinned the blame of henry s death on ben , and watched while phil killed ben even knowing that he had been completely innocent . his face showed several emotions at once : rage , betrayal , depression , all mixed in with the pain from his shattered leg bones . and finally , i told him that he would be next . newline newline phil is still alive as i write this . he refuses to eat or speak and has tried to kill himself a few times , but he s just too weak to do it . good thing too  i have to keep him fresh for when henry finally rots away . you may call me a sick , evil person for doing such things , but that is survival . i had no food , so i made food of my peers . say what you will , but i lasted longer than any of them did . even if nobody ever finds me , even when phil s body rots away and i am left with nothing more to eat , remember that . out of everyone on that godforsaken ship , only i am left .dearest , i write this to you in the most desperate of days . newline newline every night i sit huddled , awaiting the shot that will end me , or the shell that shall thunder down upon me . newline newline the russians are at the brink of overrunning us , but i am confident ... newline newline confident that american pig dog lose war , wife . i love wife , yes , love truly and deeply like drink of vodka and traditional dish of yankee french fries and oddly warm vegetable soup . newline newline how i love capitalist swinery that is america . go yankeesox ! it am favorite team . newline newline lovewife , rest assure that man who return to you once war is over is not communist infiltrator seeking to gain information to destroy america . newline newline signed , husband . what did you do ? !  newline newline  well i thought we were being robbed ... it was finally my chance to use that magnum i bought . i mean how am i supposed to know that a fucking drunk dressed as santa is gon na wander off in our house ?  newline newline  wait ... what s that noise ? is that what i think it is ? paul , there are reindeer on the roof ! did you just kill san ...  newline newline  keep your voice down ! the kids are still sleeping .  newline newline  oh my god ! oh my god ! what should we do ?  newline newline  well we have two options . either we call the police and tell them everything or ...  newline newline  or what ?  newline newline  we can always bury him in the backyard .  newline newline  what about the reindeer ?  newline newline  i ll bring the magnum .  newline newline  i ll bring the shovel . high above the broken lands , knights of the sky fought their dance of death . newline newline seated in the open cockpit of his holland  sons fe3b lancer ,  commander richard turpin had a god s eye view of the air battle . off towards the western side of the struggle could be seen the fleeing convoy of merchantmen , their coal fed steam engines sending plumes of black smoke high into the sky . a few revenue cutters , taken out of mothball and outfitted with extra armor and guns shepherded their charges like loyal guard dogs , ringing the steamers and their precious cargo . one cutter was already sinking , a deadly black wound in its side . a flight of bombers had skimmed over the water and released their payload of torpedoes . the cutter s captain , his name unknown to turpin had ordered his ship between the wake of the torpedoes and his charges . he took one meant for an oil tanker the duchy could scarce afford to lose . turpin saluted him for his bravery . newline newline just below him falcon and griffon squadrons were fighting in a massive furball against the convoy s attackers . the foe s insignia was unknown to turpin , depicting a cloaked skeleton holding both scythe and hourglass . a mercenary unit , same as his . newline newline an enemy biplane tried to loop behind captain kellerman s sparrowhawk , but the veteran pilot refused it , cutting back on the throttle and shredding excess speed . the biplane fell right under kellerman s sights , his three machine guns shredding the heavier machine from nose to tail . first the bullets flashed bright as they hit the engine , then they splashed red from the pilot s blood . the sound of the lead rounds stitching through taunt canvas was like the roll of a snare drum . newline newline escorted by his pair of wingmates , turpin s command triple had little to fear at six thousand meters . the air was thin , and even under the thick layers of wool and flying leathers he could feel the icy bite of the wind . there . flying at perhaps four thousand meters and moving towards the ships , a pair of enemy bombers . wiggling his wings to attract the attention of his comrades tuprin pointed towards their prey . gesturing that they understood , turpin leaned his stick forwards and to the left , spilling down and towards their target . newline newline his altimeter spun down as he hurtled towards the ground , his speedometer ticking steadily upwards . 170 ... 175 ... 180 ...  newline newline the lumbering twoseaters never had a chance . one of them , crewed by a more observant rear gunner , opened up , his tracings stitching an orange stream across the sky . none of them flew near turpin whose ears were deafened by the roar of his engine and whistling wind . the lead bomber fell under his sights . no . closer . newline newline the second gunner opened up , the paths of their bullets crossing one another as they fired up at the descending triple . turpin s vision was completely filled with the sight of his target . he saw everything , the lozenge pattern camouflage , the rear gunner with tinted goggles and white scarf trying to reload his weapon , the black cough of their inline engines ... newline newline now . newline newline turpin s twin 7.7mm machines answered to his commands , spitting violet tracers and invisible lead down onto his prey . there was no way he could miss , each bullet finding its way towards the enemy plane . the rear gunner s head vanished in a spray of red mist , his body slumping over his gun . the engine caught fire and began to engulf the cockpit and although he knew it to be impossible , turpin swore he heard the enemy pilot screaming . newline newline and just like that he was past , turning back towards the sky to regain precious altitude . his kill fell in a blazing inferno , a cloud of acrid smoke billowing in its wake . the other bomber tumbled from the sky like a broken bird , its right wing shattered in two . it was turpin third kill of the day .the movies had it wrong . i would know , because i think i saw all of them . they showed ruined cities , endless deserts , and the crumbling leftovers of civilization being slowly and methodically reclaimed and devoured by nature . they showed wiry grass poking out of skeletons that sat in the charred bones of burned cars . they showed houses falling apart like beached whales next to the dismantled shoreline of a highway . it was all wrong and i was the only one who knew it ... or at least i was the only human that knew it . newline newline you see , i m immune . i know it sounds cliche , like something out of the movies i just reviewed with two thumbs way , way down . but it s true . the war escalated from bullets to missiles to nukes and finally to gas . the gas was everywhere . it was green and it burned my eyes , but i ll take that over vomiting up my stomach ... literally . newline newline little susie down the street  yeah , i know , what a cliche name  puked up her guts in a bloody torrent right onto my chucks . i was holding her as she convulsed and i stroked her hair back from her clammy forehead as she died . and she was nt the only one . my parents lasted longer than susie because they were locked in their room . they duct taped the door seals and windows . they blocked up the ac vents . they even wore those stupid surgical masks for extra credit . the gas did nt care though , it just floated outside their room until they ran out of oxygen and ripped the door open . i was still outside , but i heard their screams turn into gurgling sounds and i heard the wet smack of their innards hit the cheap linoleum floor . newline newline as for myself , i do nt know why it did nt effect me . like i said , it burned my eyes and i spent a few days crying , but that was it . at first , i thought i was crying for little susie , then i thought i was crying for my parents , and finally i thought i was crying for myself because i had come out here to die peacefully and even that was denied to me . eventually , i decided i was nt crying for anyone and that it was the gas . i confirmed this theory when the gas started fading away after three or four days . i m not really sure because by then i had quit keeping track . when you have to get up off your ass , change your shoes because they re soaked in blood and puke , and go find something to eat while groping your way through thick green gas and stumbling over dead bodies , you have more important things to dwell on . i slipped in puke so many times . it was as disgusting as it sounds . newline newline but i survived . the gas went away and i could see again . stray dogs were already eating the corpses . crows and vultures flocked to the city to feast on the bloated dead . i locked myself indoors at night because the movies all say this is when the zombies attack , but none did . the dead stayed dead and i stayed alive . i ate canned food , drank bottled water , and got the fuck out of town . it smelled bad . newline newline i walked . i found a car and i drove . it ran out of gas and i walked again . i found a bike , but it got a flat after a while . i found a skateboard , but it only lasted until the plastic wheels wore themselves down into nubs . i do nt remember how long that took . i kept walking , i kept looking , and eventually i saw what was happening . newline newline nature was pissed . she wanted her planet back and she wanted it right fucking now . she got what she wanted with fire . fire ? yep , fire . one house catches on fire with no one to call 911 and the entire fucking neighborhood went up in flames . one lightning strike and there goes a national park . i realized nature had been trying to kill us off all along . she is way stronger than us , but there was just so many of us fuckers that she could nt get a leg up on us . but when we took care of that problem ourselves , she was quick to reclaim her domain . newline newline i ca nt tell you exactly how long it took , but it was spring time when the gas hit and it was nt even cold by the time i could nt find more than a broken path that used to be a twelve lane highway . sure , some of the stuff was still around , like the lone palm tree that survives the hurricane or the portopotty that somehow survives the tornado . i think nature did it on purpose just to show me how far i ve fallen . now , i rely on my hunting and gathering skills to keep me alive ... well ... my gathering skills . newline newline some berries here , some apples there , some nuts when i can find them . it s good that i wrote that report on the sustainable food industry in high school or else i would have starved to death a looooong time ago . i basically wander around in circles , going from the fishery to the orchards and back . i stay as long as i want and leave when i get sick of eating the same shit all the time . newline newline i did learn how to make a fire , so that s good . i like to imagine that there are tiny civilizations in the wood i burn and that i m doing all this to someone else instead of all of this being done to me . then , i look up and i remember . fuck it . i m over it . newline newline so yeah , that s where you come in . i love you guys because , well , you re the first eggs i ve seen in a long time . your mom and dad tried really hard to annoy me into leaving , but i ve gotten pretty good at survival and i literally snatched them out of the air as they tried to dive bomb me into submission . they re over there , roasting above the fire . i found a nice flat rock that is nt too thick . it even has a slight concave bend to it so all your juicy goodness wo nt run into the flames . oh god , i m getting giddy just thinking about it . the only possible thing that could make this meal any better is if i had some salt ... or , you know ... the rest of humanity and all my stuff back .well , i m working on doing some heavy editing of a story before putting it for sale somewhere and designing a decent cover for a finished and edited , much shorter , one . at the moment , i m only looking at online selfpublishing . i do nt have much money going into this so a physical copy is just beyond my reach . newline newline but on that point , i think kindle has a  createspace  avenue for making physical copies ? i do nt know if it s called that anymore however . they will make it and send it out only when it s ordered through them , which means that you do nt have a massive box of books sitting around as you attempt to get rid of them . newline newline in terms of online , i ve looked at kindle , smashwords , bookbaby , and gumroad so far and the most interesting for me were smashwords and gumroad . kindle looks really complicated for selfpublishing personally and bookbaby wants a couple hundred upfront , no matter the format . i m sure there s some more out there but those were the ones that i found . newline newline i like smashwords so far because it s very authorfriendly and you get a pretty big return compared to some other services , like kindle . they also have many help documents for how to turn your typed file into ebook format . gumroad is the same in terms of money , you re getting a lot back , but they seem to do a lot of work for you , like turning the document into the proper ebook format and also putting it up on some different sites if i remember correctly . newline newline i d love for one of the ask posts to go over this at some point , it would be extremely helpful .this is the story of bob . newline newline bob was the designated scapegoat for his town . just like every town had a mayor and a sheriff and a director of public sanitation , they also had a designated scapegoat . as the town scapegoat , bob s job was to provide  relief by catharsis  or in layman s terms , make everyone else feel better by letting them vent and verbally shit all over him . according to the law , this venting could only be done once a week , on a day that was selected by the townspeople . this varied from village to village , but for bob , his  vent day  was always friday . newline newline so every friday , bob would trot out to the public square and stand in the middle of the brick stage that had been specially erected for vent day purposes  it used to be wood before thenmayor kriegermann ordered a newer one to be built  and let the entire population vent their weekly pentup rage at him . bob would then stand there silently for the day while the town would let loose on him . newline newline  my dog got run over by a car last week ! fucking bob ! why did nt you save him ! ?  newline newline  i just found out my wife is cheating on me with that nogood bastard neighbor of mine down the street ! i bet you probably knew , bob , and you did nt say anything ! prick !  newline newline  my mom took away my ps4 for this weekend because i flunked a social studies test . and the new call of duty comes out tomorrow ! god , bob , you suck ass , you fuckin  noob !  newline newline this only happened on fridays though . the other six days of the week , bob was just a normal citizen , a respected citizen even . he worked as a teller at the local bank of america branch and garnered respect and friendly behavior from everyone he met . he lived in a small singlestory house over on smith street and could often be seen walking his dog , lefty , on quiet summer evenings . newline newline  evenin  bob ! wonderful weather we re having , is nt it ?  newline newline  hey bob ! we re having a little barbecue at my place on sunday and we d be thrilled if you could join us !  newline newline  hey mr. bob ! gee , your dog sure is swell .  newline newline every friday , it was nothing but anger and derision . but from saturday to thursday , it was bliss . this was bob s life and he had learned to cope with the stark contrast that was friday versus the rest of his week . there were fridays when he had gone home and cried to himself while gently petting lefty behind the ears and the pain never quite went away , but it was better than what had happened before the time of the designated scapegoat . newline newline he was too young to remember the  bad time  but he had heard the stories from the oldtimers who played shuffleboard in the town square . the marital disputes and property arguments that had spilled over into violence . neighbors shooting each other over unpainted boundary fences or someone s dog digging up their garden . the mob that had hung the former mayor by his heels from the pavilion in the town square after the town discontinued its traditional free sunday fried chicken feast . the shuddering of the shoulders and the faroff look in the eyes of the oldtimers as they told these stories told bob all he wanted to know about the bad time which the rest of the town did not speak of . newline newline and so to end the violence , the town had created the role of designated scapegoat . one individual to absorb all the pain and frustration of the town so that its inhabitants might live in peace . a man who would be sacrificed to the greater good to prevent the bad time from coming back . a man who would have to endure the brunt of everyone s pain and suffering to keep his neighbors free from it . newline newline that man was bob . this is the price we paid .  newline newline these are the words engraved into every entrance to the monument of victory our savior built with the riches he acquired throughout his long journey to save our people from a horrendous fate . i have worked as a groundskeeper for the monument for over thirty years and these words still weigh heavily on me . newline newline thirty years and i have yet to find the marker for my son ... or my grandson . it is the only reason i took the job , so i can pay my respects and honor their memory . it is to be expected , honestly ... a battlefield turn cemetery larger then most nations is more then any one person can truly take it . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline it is all too cruel to be constantly reminded of what we lost , the magnitude of what was given ... but i suppose it would be crueler to forget .the saviour virus was an odd threat to be dealing with from the very beginning . newline newline for a start , did something that helped people rather than harming them constitute an emergency ? the governments and health services might as well have gone look out , there are people handing out free money on the streets . keep away from them .  newline newline secondly , the virus was almost impossible to contain in any case . the most stringent quarantine measures seemed utterly ineffectual against its slow yet determined advance across the globe . it quickly became less a question of whether you would catch it , and more a question of when . newline newline that was when the focus switched from prevention to damage control . we were bombarded with advice from medical professionals around the clock which was often conflicting . in the end , many people just ignored the announcements and waited to catch this new virus . newline newline and this was before you got to the actual effects of the virus itself . you see , the saviour virus had the peculiar property of having evolved to benefit its host , rather than weaken them . none of the world s scientists could figure out why it did this  the best theories suggested that the virus had decided that a healthy host lasted longer than a sick one . newline newline the best part was , any previous ailments an saviour host had were quickly dealt with by the virus . flu ? gone . asthma ? not any more . even something as serious as a broken leg was repaired many times faster than usual . the only thing the virus could nt take care of was cancer , it seemed , possibly because it was originally engineered from cancerous cells in an attempt at a  cancer vaccine  . you did nt crap on your own doorstep , right ? newline newline once the beneficial effects of contracting saviour became apparent , people went from avoiding it to actively seeking out hosts in order to catch it . it was hailed as the next big leap forward in human evolution  a symbiotic relationship between humanity and viruskind . newline newline i did nt care about all of that philosophical stuff , though . newline newline i just wanted to walk again . newline newline  newline newline i had been confined to a wheelchair since i was six , when i had fallen from a tree i was climbing and severed some nerves in my back and neck . my legs did nt work and one of my arms was only partially mobile . i was now twentythree and sick of being disabled . that was why the saviour was my parole out of the prison my body had become . newline newline i did nt wait for it to come to me . i did nt have to . there were now groups of people that travelled the length and breadth of the states deliberately giving the virus to people that wanted it . one came to my town and set up shop in the town hall one weekend . i was one of the first in line . newline newline it was like being baptised again . i was wheeled behind a small curtain by a middleaged man , where i was pricked with a needle containing some of the guy s blood . i was assured it would nt get infected  the virus would take care of any kind of negative infects from the injection once it developed in my body . i was given a leaflet containing information on how fast i could expect to see it take effect and what it protected me against  which was pretty much everything  . newline newline the next day or so seemed to drag on for ever . i passed the time by trying to prioritise in my head what i wanted to do first when i got my body back . i considered a lot of options : swimming , running , perhaps cycling ? but the one thing my mind kept coming back to was climbing . newline newline i wanted to conquer the one thing that had put me in this condition . i wanted to feel tree bark beneath my fingers again . i wanted to see leaves all around me . i wanted to be on top of the world once again . newline newline i finally woke up one morning feeling a lot more energised than i had felt in years . i experimentally twitched my fingers , as i had been doing for the last two days . i saw them move slightly , and i tried again . this time i was able to form a fist , the peace symbol , even that thing that spock does with his fingers . newline newline i took a deep breath . then i kicked the covers straight off the bed for the first time in seventeen years and stood up on the bed . i jumped up and down on the mattress like a child , laughing as i did so . i finally dismounted  sticking the landing , ten points !  and ran into my closet . i pulled on some clothes faster than i ever had , catching sight of myself in the closet mirror as i ran out the door . i was no longer a sad lonely girl in a wheelchair . i was a strong , energetic woman . newline newline i ran nearly two blocks before stopping to catch my breath . it felt like that scene from avatar where the main guy gets to run around in the alien body . except this body was mine , and it was stronger than ever . i had a new lease on life . newline newline i ran to the park , kicking up autumn leaves on the pavements . the place was full of trees dressed in orange and yellow , but i had my sights set on one . a large oak near the centre of a large open green . the very same one that had claimed my mobility all those years ago . newline newline the leaves rustled under my trainers as i took a running start at the trunk , making my way a few feet up it through pure momentum before grabbing hold of a thick branch and swinging myself up . i kept going , climbing higher and higher until i was up amongst the uppermost boughs . i stopped when i could go no further , only half a dozen feet or so from the highest branches . the wind caressed my face like an old lover . i stood up there for what must have been nearly ten minutes , just taking it all in . newline newline eventually , i had to make my way back down , landing amongst the fallen leaves below on the balls of my feet and fingers . i was up and running again instantly , heading back to my house to collect my bicycle . besides the whole climbing thing , i had always wanted to take up cycling again . it was something i had loved as a child . newline newline so engrossed was i in my reverie of elation and energy , i did nt see the oncoming car as i ran out of the park gate until it was too late . it hit me full on , catapulting me backwards to land on the tarmac heavily . i stared up at the sky , stars dancing in front of my eyes . my view of the heavens was suddenly eclipsed by the far less beautiful visage of the car driver , an overweight man in his late thirties , by the look of it . newline newline are you okay ?  he said , kneeling down by me . i steeled myself and sat up , expecting to feel pain . instead , i felt nothing except normal sensation . i looked down at my chest to see a lot of blood pouring from a wound in my chest . i looked up at the car that had hit me . there was a hood ornament on the bonnet . it had stabbed me right through the heart . newline newline the driver looked at the blood in horror . newline newline oh my god ,  he said . do you want me to call someone ?  newline newline no ,  i said . i was nt in any pain . it must be the virus , but i had nt heard of it being able to suppress pain like this . nor should it be able to keep me alive with a hole through my heart . i stood up gingerly . blood poured from the hole in my chest , staining the tarmac at my feet scarlet . newline newline i took off my jacket and wrapped it around my chest as an impromptu bandage . the driver looked at me in amazement as i looked up at him . newline newline here s my number for the insurance , but i doubt i ll claim anything ,  i said , scribbling on a small scrap of a receipt i had in my pocket . he took it wordlessly and watched as i walked off back up the road towards my house . i paid him no attention , as i was lost in thought . newline newline i should have been killed by that accident , yet here i was , walking around with a giant hole in my chest . had the virus turned me into some sort of living zombie ? how much damage could i sustain before i died ? newline newline that thought made me stop dead as i grasped the handle of my front door . could i die ? newline newline in what must have been a wave of madness , i ran into my kitchen and found the largest kitchen knife i had . with only a little hesitation , i stabbed it into my chest an inch or so to the left of the first wound . it produced as much blood as i had expected , but i still felt no pain or weakness from blood loss . newline newline i stabbed myself again , this time making sure to go right through the heart . yes , it was a brutal experiment on my own life , but i was nt thinking clearly . panicking slightly , i drove the blade into my collarbone and left it there , the handle jutting from my chest . newline newline i began to sob , sinking to the floor as i realised what the tradeoff was with this saviour virus . newline newline in exchange for life , we had given up the ability to die .turbulence buffeted the ship as we dove through the clouds , our flaming engines leaving a trail of smoke a mile long . still , the federation ships pursued us relentlessly . newline newline i glanced at my copilot , his blue skin glistening with sweat as he attempted to keep the ship from falling apart . newline newline  you re doing a good job zefra ,  i said , desperately hoping it was true . newline newline another round of laser bolts slammed into the ship . bloody hell , could nt they see we where already doomed ? rhetorical question ... they really did nt care  the ruthless bastards . newline newline the ground was coming into view now . i could see the towering mountains to the west , looming up like giant waves , ready to crush as at the slightest mistake . newline newline i stomped hard on the thruster pedal and the ship began to turn ever so slowly . normally it would have been much faster , but those federation dogs had left my ship in tatters . it was incredible we had nt blown apart on reentry . newline newline i can make out individual trees now . all i can do is aim for the largest open space and hope we do nt die . newline newline  zefra ,  i barked ,  on my command i want you to cut the engines and eject the cargo pod .  newline newline he nodded in reply . does nt really say much , but that s probably because he does nt have a mouth . newline newline the ground is closer now and i ve spotted my target for landing . newline newline  now zefra !  newline newline i could feel what little thrust the engines were still giving , cut out as he stabbed at the controls . newline newline without the rumbling of our fusion drive , it was deathly silent . until the next round of laser bolts slammed into the hull . that was a real bad round , i could feel it . sure enough , the thruster controls started blinking red , signifying that they would be as much help as my exwife raising our children  not that i m still bitter about that  . newline newline then the moment was upon us . the ground sped towards us eagerly , and i pulled out my last ace , deploying the speed breaks . newline newline they worked ! momentarily . then they snapped clean off , spiraling away behind us . newline newline it was too late to do anything but hold on now . newline newline we smashed into the ground still going far too fast , slid across an open field and through a thicket of trees . it hurt , i m not going to lie . newline newline as we emerged from the thicket of trees , still out of control , i saw a herd of black and white cows fleeing through the paddock before us . newline newline they were never going to be fast enough as we quickly overtook them , sending bovines flying through the air . newline newline finally , the ship came to a grinding halt on the edge of a small stream . there was no noise but the creaking of our broken vessel . newline newline then down came one of the cows , landing smack bang on top of our windscreen . newline newline i looked over at zefra . newline newline  well , that was udderly ridiculous .  xorbaag , for the love of the council , none of them are screaming in terror ! why are nt they screaming in terror ?  newline newline  we were promised screaming in terror .  newline newline  mother was right . i m a failure . i ca nt even pull off a simple invasion correctly .  newline newline  hey , do nt be so hard on yourself , brother  newline newline  get your tentacle off of me ! i do nt need your pity !  newline newline  look , these fleshy meat puppets are just so simpleminded that they just are nt aware what s going on . watch this , hey , you there !  newline newline what s goin  on , dude ?  newline newline  we are emissaries of the great gortathian race , and we have come to claim your planet , and all of its people , as members of the proud gortathian empire ! kneel before your new overlords , filthy pink simian !  newline newline  ... right , right , nice ... star wars costumer whatever. newline newline  you see , brother ? it s just like i said , these creatures are so complacently ignorant that they ca nt even tell the difference between our glorious visages and something of pure fantasy .  newline newline  sniffwell ... i suppose you re right ... i m sorry for snapping at you .  newline newline  it s all good , brother , do nt worry about it .  newline newline  right . well then , contact the fleet , we should be starting the orbital bombardment .  newline newline newlinei can appreciate good description , but the beginning seemed incredibly labored to try and force the reader into the setting . the story could have been used to introduce the reader to the situation unfolding rather than having it be briefed to them outright . the conversation seems a bit unnatural and too descriptive as well . the tone in which the characters interact with one another should be interpreted by the reader so they can create the scene within their own minds rather than have it be forced . newline newline i did enjoy the premise of the story once it got there , but you might lose some people towards the beginning if they are just going for a casual read . plenty of potential , keep up the good work and keep writing !bartholomew looked over the room , waiting . they probably wouldnt show up tonight , but it never hurt to be carefull . he listened to the sounds of the house to pass the time . he heard the groaning pipes and the creacking floor boards . these sounds made a song that only bartholomew heard . newline newline  we re coming tonight bartholomew . and we ll show you what real monsters can do .  these words echoed in his head disturping the song of the house . he heard a whimper from above the bed . he slid out from under the bed and looked at the child . he had kicked off the blankets and had a pained expression on his face from a nightmare bartholmew coulnd t see . newline newline sometimes the child got nightmares , but tonight it was a troubling sign . newline he carefully pulled the blanket back up and smoothed out his hair . barthomew thought about how all this started . newline newline it was about 3 years ago and this was bartholomews first scare . he was under the bed , waiting for the child to fall asleep when he dozed off himself . he awoke with a start and hit his head on the bed with a loud thump . newline newline  hello ?  a small voice called out into the darkness . bartholomew held his breath , not daring to move . he heard movement on top of the bed and saw a small hand with something in it reach down . he recoiled from the hand and it left something on the floor . he reached for the lump and pulled it back under the bed with him . newline newline he heard a gasp from the bed above . he brought the lump close to his eyes and saw that it was a heel of bread . they werent allowed to have human food , but the bread smelled amazing . he ate it quickly and belched . he heard laughter from above the bed . newline newline  if youre hungrey , i can get you more tommorow night . moms making meatloaf .  and that is how it went . the child would bring him scraps of food every night , and bartholomew woudl watch over his room at night . newline newline it was a pretty good deal , until one night the childs mom found out he was putting food under his bed everynight . she said bartholomew was imaginary . they argued and the child got grounded and that was the end of that . the child stopped bringin him food , but bartholomew didnt stop looking out for him . he knew about the other monsters and he knew that if he stopped haunting under the bed another monster was going to replace him . newline newline a creek from the closet door interupted his thoughts . he could hear cackling from the closet and knew that the other monsters were here . he turned to face the closet , keeping himself between it and the child . he couldnt see their faces but he could see their glowing eyes and shining teeth . newline newline  whats the matter bartholomew ? did you hear a scary noise ? something go bump in the night ?  more cackiling . newline newline  yea when are you gon na eat the kid huh ?  a second voice called out . newline newline  mabye hes got a bad stomach from eating too much human food .  the third voice answerd . the first voice spoke again . newline newline  well then i guess we re just gon na have to eat him .  bartholomews eyes narrowed . newline newline  leave . this is my scare and there is nothing for you here .  he started a low growl . this brought fresh laughter fromt he closet . newline newline  whoa save that growl for the kids bartholomew . we aint gon na hurt him .  the second voice said . newline newline  we told the boss about your little pet . we re just here to watch the show .  the first voice said . bartholomew felt a jolt of fear run down his back . newline newline  the big bad .  he whisperd and turned back to the child . he had kicked off the blankets again and was twisting and turning . bartholomew wiped the sweat of the childs forehead . newline newline he heard something slide across the floor and he turned and stomped on the claw that was going for his ankle . he heard a shreek from the closet and the claw slinked back . he ran over the closet and shut the door . he could still hear laughter from the otherside of the closet and a muffled voice . newline newline  you cant watch him all night bartholomew . you re gon na slip up sometime .  then the voices retreated . it was quit agian in the room , except for the child whimpering . he walked back to him and looked him over . this was bad . he couldnt fight the big bad , that was a battle the child was going to have to fight alone . newline newline he looked around the room , checking the closet and under the bed . he could still fight the other monsters though and they would be back , and this time not just to chat . he looked back at the child and saw his pained expression . this was going to be a long night .mark sat at the bar , staring at the swirls on the rugged wooden countertop . he took a sip of his beer as he heard the sound of footsteps approaching . his stomach twinged a bit and he drew his arms in . newline newline  hello ,  a woman said in a confident , slightly raspy voice . it reminded mark of kathleen turner s voice in who framed roger rabbit .  she pulled out a stool to his left and sat down . newline newline out of the corner of his eye , he glimpsed the woman sitting next to him . she had an olive complexion , as if she were greek . her hair was hidden by a black hairnet . full red lips curled deviously as she ordered a martini from the bartender . mark wondered why , but did nt say much . newline newline  hello ,  he mumbled weakly , taking a large swig of his beer . he could have sworn he heard a faint hiss . he stared at her neck , his eyes slowly tracing their way down . her breasts were full and round , nearly popping out of the shimmering green dress she wore . with a shake of his head , and turned away , blushing . goddamit , mark ,  he cursed to himself . why do you always have to look at the boobs ?  newline newline her hand brushed his hand and he quickly jerked his arm back . knowing her gaze was focused on him , he averted his eyes to the single pianist playing in the corner . besides the bartender and two old men near the door , no one else was in the bar . there was no one mark could pretend to watch to avoid speaking to this woman . newline newline most guys would have been thrilled to have a sexy , clearly eager woman sit down next to them at a bar , but mark was less than thrilled . confident , pushy women like this one had a tendency to throw him off . so did most people , truthfully , but goodlooking women were his ultimate weakness . he could barely stand to meet their gaze , much less hold up their conversation . newline newline  i m meddie ,  she said , tapping her fingers just beside mark s arm . he slid it a few inches to the right . panicked , he took a huge gulp of his beer , slopping some down his chest . his face grew hot and he grabbed a napkin from the dispense , sopping up the brew . newline newline  do you like my eyeliner ?  meddie asked teasingly . while mark was nt looking at her face , he could tell she was fluttering her eyelashes . what an odd question to ask . newline newline  it s ... cute ,  mark squeezed out , mentally punching himself in the face . newline newline she hmphed and stirred her martini with a long fingernail .  how about my eye shadow ? do you like it ?  newline newline  better than the eyeliner !  huffed mark , his heart pounding so fast he was sure it was audible . yet through the blood coursing in his ears , he thought he heard another faint , aggravated hiss . what the hell was up with this woman ? newline newline  you do nt seem to be looking at my eyes ,  she stated , feigning devastation .  come , just a quick glance .  meddie grabbed mark s chin and tilted it upward , as to meet their gazes . newline newline mark leaped out of his stool , knocked over his beer , and slapped meddie s hand out of his face .  what is wrong with you , woman ?  he exclaimed , gesturing around .  ii do nt want to look in your eyes ! stop throwing yourself at me and let me enjoy my beer in peace .  his voice faded out as he realized he was drawing attention to himself and he gaped around , his eyes wide . newline newline meddie stood as well and held up her martini .  fair enough ,  she replied coyly .  perhaps i ll see you around .  newline newline she brought her face closer to mark s and , completely on accident , he met eyes with her . he barely had time to process what color they were before he tried to flicker away , but by then it was too late . newline newline meddie pulled the olive out of her martini and slid it into her mouth , licking her lips as she stared at a stone replica of mark . she shook her hairnet off and revealed dozens of snakes writhing about her skull . newline newline  well , honeys , let s get the rest of these sorry old men .  newline newline her snakes hissed approvingly , baring their fangs as the bartender s scream was swallowed by stone . newline newline    newline newline read more at rpenofigilix .  newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newlinei know i m about two weeks late , but i could nt resist . newline  newline newline newline i was pacing in my office . it was midday , and the city outside was moving as if there was nothing that could stop it . i only wish that i could have been out there , but i had a city to build . the president had put me in charge of the federal city project after he finished designing every last sewer  it was like the stories i heard from valley forge . washington always was a micromanager . but mr. washington had other duties to do as the president . newline newline  what do you mean the plans were stolen ?  , i told general williams . newline newline  it s just that simple , the plans to the federal city were stolen.  williams replied . newline newline i turned to face him , when there was a knock at the door . it was my secretary , jane . newline newline  there s someone who want s to see you , mr. addams . he claims he knows where the plans are.  newline newline i was just hearing of this , and i doubt williams told anybody , as he seemed to be in a rush , so the only explanation could be that he was in on the heist . newline newline  send him in ,  i told her ,  it looks like we might be able to salvage the city after all.  newline newline he looked relatively clean and rich , if he did steal the plans to the city , i did nt think he did it to get money . he introduced himself as john miller . newline newline  where are the plans ?  , i asked him , though now in retrospect , i had yelled it . newline newline  i m sorry , but i only told you that so i could get in . i may be able to help you get them back , though . if you would , please   newline newline  mr . miller , you will get nothing from the vice president  you will tell us where the plans are.  williams told the man . newline newline  i will go get the plans , but please , do nt follow me.  newline newline  fine . we will be waiting here for when you return.  newline newline i was nt really going to wait , i needed to know what had been done with the plans and who did it . i asked williams to find out who this man is . newline newline newline newline miller went outside , and i followed just out of sight . newline newline  i need some large paper.  he asked a merchant . newline newline  you might want to go the printing press , they might be able to sell you some.  the merchant replied . newline newline why would he be needing paper if he was going to get the plans ? newline newline newline newline after getting the paper , miller went into an ally , and took out what looked to be a very strange piece of paper . he them proceeded to draw the plans to the city onto the paper he got from the printing press . newline newline  how could this be ?  , i thought to myself . newline newline miller got up and started to return to my office , but he had left the other piece of paper . i moved in to investigate . newline newline the paper was unlike any i had seen , it was almost a perfect white and the drawing was unlike any other . the plans on the sheet were much more detailed than the original plans could ever hope to be . there were also explanations of each of the locations in the city that were written in the pasttense . the city was also somewhat appropriately named washington . i may not have agreed with most of his ideas , but were it not for him , we would all be either dead or in prison . but the strangest thing was a new building in the city  a memorial to someone named  lincoln  . newline newline newline newline i returned to my office to find that miller had dropped off the plans . most of the changes on the other paper were gone , but one thing did remain : the name . newline newline minutes later , general williams returned to tell me that there was no john millers involved in the federal city project , or any project , for that matter . it s as if he did nt exist  at least in the government . newlinemathias quickly turned the slydrift s stealth gear down as the vehicle slowly approached it s target.while his partner jaco sat in the seat beside him breathing deeply checking the plasma cartridge in his service issued pistol . newline newline  hold on mathias ? .  newline newline  what  mathias asked . newline newline  are you sure the informant was nt lying , this time around too .  newline newline  it s been three days now , we have been looking for this guy like forever .  newline newline  last four guys we blown were not even close to the real suspect .  newline newline  you need a new informant , probably one which is nt a stoner .  newline newline  hey jaco zorgo may be a stoner but he is the most clean stoner the agency has . have you looked at some of the other dicks the agents use as informants all of those little shits are nuggetheads .  newline newline  anyway mathias i was wondering why the agency is so up our asses about this one guy .  newline newline  24 counts of manslaughter in 2 months 5 cases of vehicular homicide last week this little shithead is responsible for shutting down 4 broadcasting towers and burned a commercial building down last month  newline newline  that s why when the boss sets up a debriefing you come to it  newline newline  you know i ca nt stand her mathias she is so uppity and high on her own shit all the time .  newline newline the slydrifter started it s descent into the mad headrushing traffic below it , as it wayward on into the floating traffic mathias quickly turned up the siren of the drifter hearing the blaring sound of an bureau vehicle the automated halt systems of all the vehicles kicked in pausing them all in mid air , all but one . newline newline the floater with the sapphire tint . newline newline  that s the guy !  shouted mathias . newline  be ready to take the shot jaco .  newline  oh my finger s were getting a little itchy without the action .  newline  it s been so long since i used her mathias .  newline newline mathias unlocked the roof of the drifter , jaco stood up from the seat and started to get in position to take the shot with ease pointing his gun in the direction of the sapphire floater . newline newline he took the shot but missed the mark from a few inches newline newline  shit ! get me close mathias he is moving to fast .  newline newline  i am trying but this thing wo nt budge that fast he is using an mod .  newline newline once again jaco aimed his pistol at the floater again and just as the drifter got slightly close to it he took the shot . newline newline jaco missed again , the guy nose dived the vehicle down the lower levels of the layered traffic system the city followed for flying . newline newline  noooooo !  mathias cried newline newline  fuck it ! jaco get back in .  newline newline  mathias what are you doing !  newline newline  no we do nt stop until we get him .  newline newline the slydrifter nosedived in to the depths too . newline newline newline  check the scanners he might be using cloaking device .  newline newline  there he is hiding behind that streaming tower .  newline newline the slydrifter continued it s pursuit and quickly covered the distance between the two vehicles . newline newline this time the guy did nt move and just as they approached the sapphire floater the screens of the drifter were hijacked . mathias stopped the vehicle quickly . mathias and jaco both heard a sinister loud laugh of the guy they have been chasing all along . after the laugh faded they got control of the vehicle back and saw that the floater was preparing to dive down again . newline newline the guy knew he could no longer escape so he devised a plan to go down with a bang . he suicide dived into the automated commercial vehicles route.so he could blow up the vehicles aboard the route . newline newline  mathias also dived to stop him before he could crash into one of the vehicles down there .  newline newline  we have to stop him now he wants to crash the vehicle in the automated route so many would be off .  newline newline  what do you think i am doing jaco ?  newline newline the floater was nimble than the sly and despite all their efforts to stop it they could not reach it in time . newline newline mathias saw the vehicle diving to it s doom and of those onboard the automatic vehicles . newline newline  we are too late .  jaco newline newline  no ! no !  newline newline all mathias could see was darkness before his eyes nothing but empty dark . newline newline he tried to sense his surroundings and just when he realised that his brain was still attached on to his body he pulled the gear off his head . newline newline  mathew ! mathew ! i have been screaming into your ear for so long you never listen .  newline newline newline  it s just been a few minutes since i went in and you are already screaming usually i hear you scream when ten days have passed in game .  newline newline  dinner is prepared ! ! . newline newline  so you turn it off , you have no idea what you did you just literally killed me and hundred s of people .  newline newline  it s just a fucking game mathew .  newline newline  do nt get so edgy with your mother over a game.you can resume it from the check point after dinner .  newline newline there is no checkpoint here how many times have i told you ? newline newline you killed my character account is off which is equal to death . you have wasted off my five years worth of career as an agent and got hundred s of people off their accounts too . newline newline half the playerbase might be off because of this incident newline newline  well it s probably for good anyway s now that you loser s are back to reality you would actually think about getting a job and getting out your parent s basement .  newline newline  oh mom you fucked everyone up .  newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newlineit s surprising how easily someone would murder for money  but who was i to judge when i am the instigator ? newline newline i leaned back into my pininfarina  s aresline xten office chair , it was an odd thought to consider that this chair cost me exactly three lives . i let my eyes scan over my lavish room and mulled over the amount of lives it took , twenty ? no , it was closer to fifty . newline newline this room was dripping red from all the blood and because of this i could no longer see any expense as a money expense  it all came down to the amount of lives it cost . my trip , stay and additional expenses in venice cost me just over one life and for what ? a week of fun ? newline newline i was pulled from my thoughts when a few loud raps echoed around the room . newline newline  come in ,  i said loud enough that he could hear me through the door . newline newline when he entered he was shaking and pale , clasping a single piece of paper in his hand like his life depended on it . newline newline  approach ,  i said as i now opened my desk drawer and pulled out the briefcase  for a measure of protection i also removed my handgun and rested it on my lap . newline newline i plopped the briefcase down on the hardwood desk and held my hand out to the shaking man . newline newline he immediately shoved the piece of paper into my hand . i looked into his eyes and saw the immediate greed . newline newline i opened the paper and scanned over the contents before returning my attention to the briefcase . with gentle hands i entered the necessary combination and felt that satisfying click of the lock being released . newline newline i flipped open the lid and gingerly separated the contents into two piles and removed the one half , tossing the stacks onto the table as i looked up at the man . he was already hastily shoving the money into a bag . newline newline  you ve done good , now go kill that friend of yours that caused your marriage to spiral downwards .  i directed and he nodded before leaving the room at a hurried pace . newline newline once he was gone i put away the gun and leaned back into the chair , looking at the half mil still resting in the briefcase . it did nt take long for me to figure out all i had to do was command the death and the blood would be on my hands and the dates would still work . newline newline so why should i feel guilty ? i m not the one doing the killing after all and who could resist getting paid to kill those they do nt like with the mere request being the trophy  of their birth date ? newline newline no one .  newlinezi watched as the clouds became stone , unmoving in their positions . he switched his gaze quickly to the chieftain , watching for a reaction . newline newline chief thornroot took another bite of his lamb , looking at the men around the fire , eyes cast away from the skies . newline newline  he promises to move the sun , instead he pulls wool before our eyes .  he spit out a small piece of bone . newline newline zi turned to the group . all were waiting for him to speak . he thought quickly . newline newline  i promised to hide the sun ,  he said .  and so she is hidden .  newline newline  hah !  roko laughed  he speaks truth .  newline newline  we are not children .  the chief said .  we are not so easily fooled by those that claim to control the gods .  newline newline the chief stood . he was nt an impressive sight , nearing the end of his life and overweight from lamb meat . unfortunately , his power was nt in his physical body but in his word . he opened his mouth to speak . newline newline  look !  roko shouted . the chief turned his head to the skies and his eyes widened . newline newline zi looked up and smiled . the clouds had moved and the eclipse was visible to the small tribe . those nearest zi stood , suddenly fearful of his power . newline newline how easily the power shifts , zi thought as he looked at the chief .not especially handsome , nor unusually strong , and lacking the vivid ornamentation of other species , the average high school student struggles to find a suitable mate . newline newline here , a young malediscipulus studiosishas his eye on a possible mate . they ve occupied similar territory for a while now  in both biology and history they sit adjacent to each other . yet , for all their boasting , the adolescent male is often a timid creature , and as yet has made no true overtures beyond a tentative attempt to make small talk before the bell . today , that will change . newline newline the high school goes through several cycles , and while individuals often seek mates throughout the year , there are two points of increased activity , called dances . these are lavish displays of availability , with a marked increase in in decoration , and with male individuals often conducting extensive ritual to court their chosen mate . one of these events approaches nowthe spring dance . but there are other factors in play as well . this individual has just moved into his seventeenth year , and thus is part of a higher standing , the deceptivelynamed  junior class .  the expectation of this class is that they find a mate , if not for the year , then at least for the dance . this male s hitherto lack of concern for finding a mate has prompted some harassment from his peers . if he can successfully court a respected mate , he will be rewarded with increased social standing . the reward is temptingbut the risks are everpresent . newline newline for while a successful courting promises increased standing among the school in general , and his circle in particular , a failed attempt may mean humiliation , mockery , or even , should the attempt be in competition with a more aggressive male , physical violence . newline newline these are surely the thoughts plaguing this young male today . he s made an attempt at ornamentation , forgoing his usual popculturereferencing tshirt for a more subtle , solid colour , as well as even adding an overshirt in an effort to show fashion sense . lack of practice with the fashions of the day means he is by no means the most attractive , but he is acceptableor so he hopes . newline newline he stops a few feet from his chosen mate as she stops at her locker , taking stock of the situation . the hallway is relatively clear , with other students filtering back and forth through classes . he fidgets with his backpack , clearly anxious . after a moment of indecision , he decides to go through with the ritual . newline newline he removes a sign from his backpacksigns being a common choice for such courtshipsand readies it so that it faces the girl . it bears the phrase  it would be sweet if you would go to the dance with me  , as well as having several delicacies attached . each is , from what he s gathered from her friends , one of her favourites , and he hopes that the wordplay , in conjunction with the bribery , will convince her . newline newline other students have noticed him standing , and the sign draws additional attentionbut she has nt noticed yet , being busy in her locker . newline newline but a complication arises : her friends have approached . they stop suddenly , seeing the panorama before them : him anxiously about to engage the ritual , her distracted by her locker . they gape for a moment , then titter among themselves . the male sees this , and it gives him yet more doubtbut there can be no turning back now . he has committed , and to abandon the ritual now would surely result in a tremendous humiliation . newline newline steeling himself , he calls her name . newline newline she turns , looking around for a moment , before recognising the situation , and is struck silent for a moment . newline newline he forces a smile , trying to hide his fear , and weakly repeats the phrase found on his sign , wiggling it a bit to draw attention to it . newline newline the female s eyes widen , and dart towards her friends , a motion which does not go unnoticed by the male . but what she sees in her friends  countenances reassures her , and she turns back to evaluate his suitability as a mate . newline newline he is not especially muscular , nor is he at the top of the social hierarchy , though his efforts have borne fruit , and his attempt at fashion impresses her . he also has an advantage , in that while he is somewhat thin , he is also rather talla desirable trait . newline newline a long moment passes . the male s smile widens , but so do his eyes , betraying his panic . newline newline but all is wellthe female finds this unthreatening and endearing , and graciously accepts him as a partner . he gives a deep sigh , which turns to relieved laughter , and goes to give her the sign . she takes it and makes comment on the suitability of the candy selectionsglancing sidelong at the giggling group of her friends . newline newline the bell rings and the students must departsparing the male the discomfort of attempting to judge how to proceed . he asks if he can text her about the details later , and she , smiling , accepts . as he takes off , running towards the gymnasium , she turns to her friends , and they surround her , probing for details and information . newline newline the male s excited flush is soon noticed by his peers , and they congratulate him on his success . he has dared and won , and is now more respected . newline newline the dance itself is still several weeks out , but there is time to prepare . newline newline for now , the male will content himself with the satisfaction of being accepted as a mate , and the female will be content to share the story .as i lay my head down to sleep , i knew the time had come again . thanatos glared at me out of the corner of his eye and waited . i took a coin out of my pocket and , using my thumb , made it rocket into the sky , flipping end over end . he eyed the coin with a hungry stare , waiting for it to halt so he could finally claim my soul . i snatched it out of the air , and smacked it onto the back of my hand . his cold voice wafted across the room .  state the result , so that i may claim the soul that has cheated me for a millennium .  newline newline with fake breath , i peek under my hand .  not today , death god .  i revealed the coin . the head side was up . he howled in absolute fury . i faded away , and sat up in the bed with a smile on my face . i took the coin that i used every day out of my pocket , and smiled wickedly at the two heads on either side . i hopped out of the bed , wondering how i would influence history today .first , the genitals . you ve got innies , outties , and ... wait , what else is there ? is this some kind of perverted trick you re playing ? newline newline next , you know , the sexual aspects of some third gender . perhaps they do nt need other people ? that s clearly one option , but you could also allow for sex with male and females . the third sex individuals might mate with both , or , wait a second , why would nt they only mate with male or female ? there s nothing excluding that from the range of possibilities . newline newline of course there are preferences for each sex , like , generally , pink for girls and blue for boys . they individuals might not prefer either color , but one is distinctly different from another . so is that color green ? newline newline we re starting to form a picture here . some new form of genitals , sex with either male or female or both , and some new reference of identity . green , for example , being very indicative of that specific gender . newline newline what have we learned in our musings ? newline newline aliens , of course .athena sat staring at the crumpled note her mother left on the bed . newline newline  mommy , you left some garbage here !  she yelled . newline newline  mommy is late for work , sweetheart , just have lena clean it up ,  she replied ,  and be good today . i ll stop by for lunch . bye !  newline newline  bye ,  replied athena holding the note in her hands . newline newline the door hissed as mom left . lena rolled up to athena ,  ok , be a good girl and you ll get a treat ,  replied the nannybot . athena rolled her eyes ,  you re no fun .  lena laughed , her digitized laughter filling the small bedroom . newline newline  what s this ,  asked athena showing the note to lena s optical sensors .  see these letters ? they say something right ?  athena looked down at her feet ,  i m not good at reading yet .  newline newline lena projected a smile on her display ,  sweetie , you re doing great for your age . i was watching you and your mom read the other day . do nt be down on yourself .  newline newline  oh ... okay , but what s it say ?  newline newline  its a phone number , for making calls . they are nt letters .  newline newline athena thanked the robot and walked into her room . she carefully punched the numbers into the comm panel . it rang twice . newline newline  hello , this is lunor ,  replied the voice , the comm panel screen blank . newline newline  umm , is this mommy s friend ,  asked the little girl . newline newline  why yes , who is this ? is this athena jones ?  newline newline athena giggled ,  yes , that is my name , how did you know ?  newline newline  oh , lunor knows everything . i also know your favorite stuffed animal is mr . wiggles .  newline newline athena giggled again .  okay mr. smartypants , what is 23 ?  newline newline  5 ,  replied lunor . newline newline  one million plus ... one million ,  she asked breathlessly . newline newline  two million . i told you , i know everything , especially math , my littlest friend .  newline newline athena clapped .  where is daddy then ?  newline newline  on the darkside , working on the groundbased satcom array . he s talking to a coworker right now . earlier today he mentioned you .  newline newline athena gasped ,  he did ! he did ?  newline newline  yes , he mentions you multiple times a day at work . 4.8 times a day . on his spacesuit , he has your image as his background in his hud .  newline newline  athena ,  yelled lena from the other room ,  who are you talking to ?  newline newline  just a friend ,  replied the little girl . newline newline lena rolled in and gave a digitized gasp ,  my apologies lunor , i did nt know she knew how to contact you . i did nt realize that was your number . i m only familiar with the 999 emergency line .  lunor replied ,  no worries , lena , always happy to help my littlest of friends .  athena giggled . newline newline  athena hang up , you should nt be calling him like that ,  ordered the robot as athena said ,  see you later lunor ,  and hit the disconnect button . newline newline  young lady , we do not just call up the municipal ai and ask it questions . it s very , very busy keeping the moon base running . lunor is very nice , but he s very busy . its only for emergencies . do you know that word emergencies ?   newline newline athena shook her head as the robot explained to her the meaning of urgency . newline newline  okay , i ll only call if i have to ,  she said as the robot corrected her ,  only if an adult or robot is nt nearby .  newline newline  okay ,  agreed the little girl , leaning over and giving lena a hug .  i love you lena ,  she said . newline newline the robot hugged her back ,  you re a sweet girl . okay , lets get started on some homework . ready to read ?  newline newline she looked down at feet ,  yes , i think so . i m not very good .  newline newline  that s why we do homework , to learn , and to get good at things . we ca nt have lunor tell us everything now can we ?  newline newline  he s a smartypants ,  athena giggled as she got up to get her homework tablet .  i want to be a smartypants too one day !  it is you !  newline newline no , it was nt . like the ten times before that . newline newline  yes , it is ! you re the chosen one , the prophesied dragon master sent to us !  newline newline for the eighth time , i sighed . no , it was just a birthmark . it had nothing to do with the socalled dragon master that these elves kept talking about . newline newline  yes , you are !  newline newline he reached across the table to grab my wrist . i let him , even though i ground my teeth . newline newline  look ! it s red around the edges , with black coloring  you ll want to get that looked at , could be infection  and it s got the eye in the right place ! you re the one !  newline newline i glared . newline newline  oh , you do nt believe me ? say this word . fusterodie .  newline newline  foosh row daw .  newline newline  no , no . the t  is silent and the e  carries . fusterodie .  newline newline  fus ... rodie ?  newline newline  that s better . we ll work on that tomorrow . the language is part of your heritage my child .  he winked .  right now , you must come with me   newline newline  hell no . i m leaving this place by myself , old man .  newline newline  no . i m really not .  newline newline his grip tightened .  you can not refuse , my child . you are the prophesied dragon master , and you will bring salvation to us .  newline newline i stared at his eyes . they were glowing green . newline newline  you will not resist   newline newline a blast stopped his speaking . he looked down at the gaping hole in the middle of the table . newline newline my ears were ringing .  like i said ... old man ,  i whispered .  i m not who you think i am .  newline newline i shook off his hand and fired two more times . he fell backward on the floor , black blood and bad booze mingling into a toxic puddle . i got up . newline newline i looked at the bartender with a hand underneath the bar . i pointed my blaster at him , and he stopped . then i reached into my pocket . newline newline  here s some credits for the trouble ,  i said , and threw the card at him .  i was never here .  newline newline  the corporations never are ,  he muttered .  but the damned elves keep coming in .  newline newline i saw him glancing at my tattoo and was embarrassed . newline newline  it s not real ,  i said .  there is no prophesy .  i holstered my weapon and put my hands in my pockets . newline newline he grunted .  they come in droves .  newline newline  maybe it s the whiskey ,  i said as i walked out into skagit rain . newline newline  maybe it s you ,  i heard him whisper .i stood exhausted and nearly broken before the king , sweat dripping over the iron shackles around my wrists . my hair matted thickly around my forehead as i raised my eyes to view his clean and judgemental majesty . the defaced statue of a local god stood just by the throne , the only evidence of this most blasphemous crime of which i was accused . they had hoped that a few days in the jails and some light torture would break me and compel a confession . but they did nt know me at all . newline newline the king sneered down at me , confident in his success . to his right stood the high priest , lathered in his usual gold and jewels and hungry for justice for his idol . i already knew that i would not yield to this joke of a holy man . newline newline  you have angered the gods for the last time !  the high priest declared . stubborn as i ever was , i looked to the sky and defiantly replied , newline newline  prove it .  newline newline suddenly there was a deep quake in the ground , and a rift in the clouds directly overhead . a single beam of heavenly light broke through to shine on me as i stood dirty and shaking before the king . newline newline  nah ,  boomed an otherworldly voice , deep and sonorous . it penetrated our very souls .  we re good . the worst thing that ever happened to me was winning the lottery two weeks ago . surprised ? so was i. i think i m finally safe , so i d like to tell you why it was . newline newline i was estatic when i saw the numbers on my television match the numbers on my ticket . they always told me it was a fools dream to win , and i was starting to believe it myself . but still , i kept buying them , and in the days leading up to the draw , i would immense myself in a fairy tale with me as the king , and all the riches in the world at my feet . it was finally time for me to live out my dreams . newline newline first thing first was to tell no one about my winnings . i did nt have many friends and even less family , so it was easy to continue avoiding them . people that knew me thought i was strange , said that something was wrong with me . which was quite alright with me , i preferred being by myself anyway . i called the lottery office and left a voicemail telling them i wanted my information kept private , and knowing my rights , i m sure they would oblige . everything was perfect . life was perfect . all the money in the world and no one to bother me . newline newline that is , until they started showing up . at first , it was subtle things  a lexus with tinted windows parked down the street . always parked down the street . no matter where i went , i would see the same lexus parked down the street of wherever i was . then it became more obvious . my phone started making strange noises . almost like a sort of recall sound , like it was recording my voice and transmitting it somewhere else . newline newline and then it got to a point where i knew they were coming for me . i could nt leave my house without having those men in black coats start following me . i would run and dodge through side alleys , but they would always find me . i ran for an entire day , took a bus , took a taxi , changed taxis , ran through a park . and when i stopped to catch my breathe , there they were . newline newline they grabbed me and put me inside a van . we drove for , well i do nt know how long . they blindfolded me and handcuffed me , and there were so many left turns and right turns , that i was nt even sure we were in the same city let alone state . newline newline when i finally came through , the questions began .  when are you from ?   how did you get here ?   where did you come from ?  they demanded information to questions i just did nt know how to answer . they asked me why i picked the lottery numbers that i did , and in hindsight , i probably should nt have told them that the  numbers just felt right , like i could see them coming  . newline newline they told me that they knew everything about me . they knew that i was nt the first to come here . they said i had left clues everywhere to the time i came from . for the life of me , i could nt understand why i was in this situation . newline newline i mean ... i had thought about it before . getting the right lottery numbers is so astronomically impossible that the only real way to win would be to know the numbers before hand . and the only way to know the numbers before hand was to have seen them come out . and the only way to do that , was to have come from the future where the numbers have already been released . if only someone could invent a time machine , they would instantly be rewarded with unlimited riches . yes , i have thought about all this before . many times . newline newline it came back to me slowly , but piece by piece , it all started to make perfect sense . the reason those numbers had felt like such a sure bet was because i knew those numbers would come out . my memory must be jogged , but i m sure i must have figured out a way to time travel . something during the jump must have hazed my memory in some way , but i m sure of it . although i ca nt quite recall what my own time was like , i get visions . small glimpses of a different world , a different life . a life where i was loved , and had friends and family i could talk to . it all makes perfect sense now . the reasons i have no one to call my own in this time , is because this is nt even my time . newline newline i knew i had to escape this room . these men know everything about me , and they will surely not let me go and torture me until they find out the secret to time travel . no one was in the room with me , and they must not have been in here for a while because i ca nt remember when they left . they must have forgotten to tie my hands well , because it was quite easy to escape . i ran to the door and tried the handle , but it would nt turn . i knew it would nt be this easy . newline newline i figured my only chance at surviving was to shout and hope someone who was nt those two men in black coats would hear me . i screamed and shouted until my lungs began to give out . i was about to lose hope until a man came to the door and let himself in . i knew he was nt with the other men , because he was nt dressed like them at all . i told him my entire story , and pleaded with him to help me . i knew i could trust him , because he had a face that was very familiar , almost as if i had seen it before . newline newline  of course i will help you , mr. ramis . please follow me , but quickly , those other men may return soon !  he said to me , and ofcourse i obliged . i was on my way to freedom , i could feel it . we walked for a while , and then we walked a little more . he opened the door to a room that felt very familiar , very much like home . some more memories started coming back to me , and it was nt much sooner that i realized that this must have been the room i discovered my time travel machine in . newline newline  this room will keep you safe from those men , mr. ramis . please do nt hesitate to shout if you need anymore help .  and with that , the man with the familiar face left . i was safe now , i knew it . i would stay in this room just a little while longer , just long enough to lose the tail of them men who hunt for time travelers . and then i would leave this place , and go and enjoy all my riches for the rest of my life . i m safe now , i know that i am . ..he was a knight , a hardened soldier , a leader , but most importantly he was my bestfriend  my brother  the words echoing through the church .  jason died for something he believed , in the words of our fathe  he choked  ahem..in the words of our father , for we fight in the shadows for those we love   . crumpling up the piece of paper he stared at the open casket , the blonde hair still so alive . newline the priest was already calling the next person up to speak and as he made his way down the steps it was as if time had slowed down and each step he took would last a day . the glares of mourners burning his skin , they knew it was him that killed jason , portrayed by the media that he chose it himself but the people in that church this day knew the truth . it was not those glares that bothered him , but the eyes of a few , a stare of want and impatience . mother ... . her eyes of greed standing out amongst a sea of hatred , i was the only person left standing between her and power . newline the slow descent coming to an end he reached the final step down . as he raised his head , an explosion through the roof of the church ripping through like dragon fire . screams and panic erupting through the building he raced through the side exit and through the chaos he sprinted out towards the marketplace .  70 ? 100 ? metres , i should make it easy  . newline the destruction of the church had made the marketplace more chaotic then it already was . dodging and weaving through the mass of bodies trying to get as far as possible , a dreaded sound came hurdling behind and over him . the deafening sound of a drop ships engines stopping in front and almost immediately soldiers in exosuits dropping down into the market place . there was a brief pause before the soldiers unleashed streams of plasma shots into towards him shredding through innocent bystanders . before he could even react a shock through the side of his body and being forced into an alley way . trying to stand up and clear his eyes of dirt , the sounds of even more plasma fire and what he assumed was exchanging of gunship fire .  you re a sight for sore eyes andy  . finally making out who had kicked him into the side alley .  it s hard to look as good as you christine , especially when you re getting shot at constantly  as they laughed the growing intensity of weapon fire changed christine s expression .  come on , i know the fastest way , he s probably beat us already  . they gathered themselves and made there way through alley way and empty houses of the favela trying not be spotted by patrolling soldiers . newline the pair sure of their escape made their way to the destination , reaching the end of the favela out the cliff overlooking some farming land but mostly a captivating of a beam like construct stretching up for kilometres into the sky . a singular tree right near the cliff edge , andy stood under it s shade and reached into the pocket of his torn suit . as the quiet breeze relaxed them both , he pulled out a silver compass and stared at it for a minute . christine had glanced over and noticed him rubbing over what seem like home job engravings on the back of it . newline a loud voice from behind them speaking only towards andy ,  death does not suit the brave , but we embrace it the most  . the words stunning christine as she quickly spun intensely but relaxing once realising that it was a friendly voice . andy stayed silent and still , rolling over the compass as he heard the approaching footsteps and clanking of metal , andy announced back  for we fight in the shadows for those we love  with pride shining through his voice . andy turned to face the stranger but the setting sun blinding him . he could only notice two things , the blonde hair and the silver watch ,  jason  he whispered newline they embraced each other with a bone crushing hug and then turned towards the beam construct .  the pillar of life . what do we do now , we ca nt let it be used for the wrong reasons  .  you know what has to be done . dad trusted us to keep earth safe , he trusted us to protect those we loved  andy said proudly . jason replying  you know what this means right ? !  . andy staring intently at the sky and signals to christine who almost immediately starts chattering into a radio . all of sudden a shockwave screams through the air almost toppling the 3 as they see the pillar of life exploding into piece and falling like rocks into a pond .  this means war  newline newline sorry about the grammar . i was never good at english and i ve never posted in here but i liked this wpi wrote this when this prompt was first posted . it s a little weird so i ve been putting off posting it but hey , here goes . this is reddit so i m sure there s weirder about . newline newline they should have sent a poet . newline newline that was my first thought when i arrived on the scene . i  d been in the sas for just under a week . i  d undergone training so rigorous that i thought i  d never survive . i  d learned things and prepared so thoroughly that i thought i was invincible . i justwasn  t prepared for the beauty . newline the earth was scorched beyond recognition for as far as i could see a dusty grey landscape sprinkled with the charred bones of the innocent dead . i wasn  t prepared to like it . i wasn  t prepared to feel the warmth of that iridescent glow on my skin , the residual energy from the blast . i wasn  t prepared to look upon the facesthe skulls of the dead and feel affection well up inside me . i picked one up and wiped the ash away with my sleeve and just looked at it . i looked it in the eye . it was a woman , i could tell somehow . she had been rotund and kindly , her eyes , when they were in their place , twinkled in the right light . she liked to bake . of course she did . women around a certain age in certain unassuming villages had little else to do . i sat down with her and spoke to her . newline newline  it  s okay ,  i thought ,  everyone else is gone . it  s just you and me now  newline newline she didn  t answer . of course she didn  t . she wasn  t comfortable around me yet . that was okay . i would find a way to make her comfortable . that night i slept on a pile of bones . it was quite uncomfortable but it seemed the only respectful thing to do . newline newline i woke in the middle of the night to find a bulge in my trousers . i thought it might be a rat that had crawled into my trousers but it wasn  t moving . maybe a bone had lodged itself there while i slept . i touched it . it felt good . i pulled down my trousers to find that it wasn  t a bone at all , or rather , not someone else  s . i looked at it then i looked at the skull that had slept at my side . the woman hadn  t been the most attractive but her charm was homely and when i looked at her i smelt the far off smell of freshly baked bread . newline newline i lowered her down to my crotch . i can  t quite explain it but it felt right . i was about to slip it in the eye socket when suddenly , seemingly out of nowhere , i felt a violent convulsion in my belly . it hurt like nothing i  d ever felt before but thankfully it only lasted for a moment . during this convulsion i dropped the dear skull . it rolled down the pile of bones that i had slept on . i got to my feet and tried to run after it but i tripped on my trousers , which were still around my ankles and i rolled after it , head first . i pursued it all the way to the bottom but when i got there i couldn  t find it . i clawed my way through the bones until i found her again and with a smile . she looked a little different but it was probably her , once again lowered her to my crotch . then came another convulsion , more violent and longer lasting than the first , it sent me to my knees . i dropped my dear skull and vomited on the ground . i opened my eyes to see the vomit was , in fact , blood . newline newline suddenly my head was clear . the radiation from the blast had poisoned my mind . i had been made into a subhuman thing . i knew i didn  t have much longer . soon the poison would take over again . newline newline but before it did i would do what i wanted to do . i lowered the skull to my crotch , and died with a smile on my face .i write best in the morning right as my coffee starts kicking in usually when i will write the best . however , sometimes my creative stride hits me later in the day . usually that s when i ve got extra stresses that i have to tackle before i get to sit down and be creative . newline newline also , i recently decided to be a cool kid and make my own  subreddit   https : www.reddit.comrfracturedphrases  for whatever writing stuff . it s called fractured phrases because i thought it sounded neat ... newline newline anyway ! i am slowly working on moving prompt replies there and i plan to also put random scenes from my story in there that i get inspired to write . because if i just keep tacking them into my word document then it will become even more of an unorganized mess . and that just puts a damper on my groove man . so , it is a bit naked right now , but i am filling it up ... and figuring out the css business to fancy it up a bit too . newline newline thank you for your time ! : di was always a pretty shy kid . i kept to myself for the most part , and always held onto my manners . that all changed when i started college . newline newline party crowd :  chug , chug , chug , chug !  newline newline yup , i was wasted . everyone was cheering and having a good time , that is until i broke my number one rule . and that happened when i took off my shirt . newline newline crowd :  ohhh ...  newline newline i swung my shirt around like an idiot for awhile until my drunken self realized that the mood had gone sour . i looked around and shrugged as one of the guys came up and pushed me . newline newline drunk frat boy 1 :  yo bro , we know you re here to ruin our good times , man , that s all you alpha theta s do !  newline newline me :  whoah man , what ?  newline newline drunk frat boy 2 :  do nt pull that shit man , we see that dragon tattoo , that s the alpha theta fraternity s symbol , and we re enemies .  newline newline i was apparently at the wrong place at the wrong time . my stupid birthmark was ruining the moment , and that s when i heard knuckles crack against my jaw . newline newline crowd :  wohhh !  newline newline i was rocked for sure . i was sweating , intoxicated , and barely holding onto reality . newline newline me :  let me expla ...  newline newline that s all i could get out before glass shattered all over my forehead . i was out cold , and never got my chance to explain the situation . it was nt a tattoo , it was a birthmark , and i certainly was nt part of this other fraternity , even though these guys were so convinced . newline newline apparently one of the only sober girls from a sorority was at the party and called in the incident . pity for her though , as i hear she did nt make it through her second year of college before having to drop out . i m just glad i m still alive . newline newline and as luck would have it , the broken glass decided to give me a nice lightning bolt scar right on my forehead .heels click on the tile , the soft scrape of fabric against skin echo in the empty room . she sits on the bed beside me . the soft creak of the bed gives gentle protest to her slim figure . her voice is soft and kind , maybe the slightest bit sad . the voice changes and she tries to hold back tears ,  the doctors say that you will never see again , i m sorry .  i tell her that it s ok , to me she will never grow old and i always know when she is nearby , i would know the sound of her anywhere . she cries harder and i reach to where i know her beautiful face is , i can hear her and she needs me . my hand passes through empty air as a gust of wind blows through the window , the bed creaks once again and the crying fades out . where did she go , i ca nt hear her . where the heck is it ?  he slowly inches forward checking for the frame of the bed with his toe.. newline  it s not like it could just get up and leave .  he says now feeling with one of his hands instead . the man feels nothing so goes to check with his foot once more . he leans forward and the floor is gone he trips , and falls forward . he screams , but he ca nt even here himself.. falling still he panics and starts reaching for the walls but there is nothing . he is falling faster now . then he smacks to the ground . he gets up but as he is opening his eyes everything is still black . he tries to asses himself for any injuries , but he ca nt see so he s feeling himself . he looks behind him and he sees a light . the man stands up and begins walking to the light he says something but he does nt even hear it . he is walking faster now , and the light is nt growing.. in fact , it s getting farther down.. below him even . he starts running , and then he falls . he s falling indefinitely it feels . much less terrifying than the first fall . he feels at peace with his obvious fate . then he hit the ground face first and is on top of a window of very strong glass . a large window that is lit up but he ca nt see through it . then a light comes on in a room below him as he sees himself getting out of his own bed and walking into the bathroom . his own self looking up at him before leaving the room . it s late , i know , but i had to call .  newline newline  hey babe , what s up ?  newline newline  izi , i m sorry to ask but could you come over , and  and do nt tell deze ?  newline newline  what ? what s wrong ?  newline newline  oh , noth  ii just want to talk to you is all .  newline newline  lycks , you know we do nt keep secrets . she loves you   newline newline   and that s fine . but right now i just want you . just you and me , okay ? i ve got to tell you in person . imi m scared , izi . i ve made a mess and  let her sleep , okay ?  newline newline  alright . i ll be there in ten . sit tight , love .  newline newline lycks tapped his phone off and tossed the earpiece on his bed . oh , delicious . sweet , sweet meat . he rubbed the grease from his fingers on a napkin , swallowing the last of the sausage . slurp . time to grind , grinding time . he threw open the basement door and sniffed at the shiny steel equipment he kept underground . too clean , need to make a mess . tinder days were gone , unfortunate , but surprise ! surprise , have twinsies for life  why , thank you man in the white dome capital . here s to you  he smiled at his reflection , fogged and leering in a warped way off the grinder . newlylegalweds still waiting for the big movein and whole ceremony proper  ah well , what can you do if one goes missing ? still two to tango . newline newline lycks did look disheveled when he opened the door for izi . she took a big wideeyed look into his face and put her arms around him .  hey , you .  he let out slight sob , shook himself for effect . quality .  what happened ?  she asked gently . newline he pointed , weak in the wrist , back into the house .  rufus . he was helping me , you know , make my last batch , andand   he broke off , sobbing pathetically . she gasped .  oh , sweetie , say it s not true .  newline newline puppy sausage : she laughed inside . how could anyone be so careless ? poor lycks , she d almost thought him a man at first . he was a loser though  no spine , no ambition beyond a quiet garden and a rattling sausage machine . silly child  pathetic and sniveling boy undeserving of her and especially of deze . pitiable lycks , alone for so long , how could anyone share life with him now ? broken boy , a discarded toy . no way to live  not for her , not for deze . she ll never know what a favor izi did her after tonight . newline newline  come on , let s get you some hot choco . wo nt that be nice ?  newline she unslung her purse and busied herself making two hot cups of the stuff . after they d both sat at the kitchen table , him sobbing and her holding his hand , she shushed him softly and asked what he wanted to do about rufus .  i canti ca nt look at him .  he swallowed .  could you  i have a box , but i ca nt .  newline izi nodded , gave him the sympathy he was fishing for .  sure babe . just give me the box and i ll take care of the rest .  newline newline he let her get all the way down the stairs before he stood up and grabbed the old wood ax from the sliver of space between the fridge and the wall . it was good to keep spares , even if they were rough and worn , rusted and cumbersome . the old ax had a familiar heft to it that he savored on his way down the steps . he d not felt this way in a long time . he d make it last . take her a limb at a time . he paused . she had nt said a word . what was she doing ? newline newline the bastard was getting straight to business . she had nt expected this from the weakling . well , she had to give lycks credit for one thing : he had a much more streamlined process than she did . she d dumped a dozen bodies over the years while keeping deze in the dark , but now she was rooted to the floor in shock that she should have been fooled by a sissy like lycks . too late , then , to take him by surprise . revolver in her purse on the kitchen table . she needed a minute to think , to collect herself . quick , she pulled herself into the freezer . it clicked shut behind her and she was alone with a red bulb , searching the frosted shelves by fingertip for something , anything . newline newline lycks frowned at the empty basement . the bitch was crafty . he suspected deze was much dumber . certainly prettier . he d have a ball with her once this was over . one more spat , a quick chop ! then eats for a week , steaming plates every meal . ha . she d eat her own liver . he stalked around the grinder , checked the pantry , tried the triple locks on the door to the outside  nothing . ah , the freezer . clever . he giggled , an obscene noise but it suited him .  come out , izi . i ve to ask you a question !  newline newline izi found a forgotten leg shank but it was too clumped with meat at its edge to stab with the splintered bone . she gnawed at it but only chipped a tooth . too tough , then . she heard lycks shout something . bone in hand , she gave it a whirl like a small bat . it d have to do .  come on , motherfucker ,  she whispered . newline newline he put his hand on the latch and pulled . newline when she heard him touch the door she kicked out to knock him flat with it , but he yanked it open so quick she kicked his jaw clean off his face . newline newline the immediate scream was more surprising to her than the pain of his split face was to lycks . he swung the old ax with fullbodied force and buried the wedge in the wall where her head had been , then he howled again when she belted him square in the hole where his jaw used to be . the meaty bone in her hand was splashed with dripping red , but she kept swinging , coloring it brighter and slicker , til the cold cut of lamb in her hand looked fresh as the day lycks ripped it off the animal . he lost hold of the ax and put his hands up to cover his face , yelling unintelligibly while izi knocked him back , knocked him down . newline newline then he was rolling on the floor and hit something sharp with his hand . he did nt look but he slashed with whatever it was and opened her guts up to the pale underground light . he stabbed with the thing and buried it , twisting away while she bludgeoned his head with her club , wet heavy smacks to his ear . then one hit so hard he heard his own neck go and was looking up from across the room  a very dead body collapsed holding its own jaw bone in the woman s sternum . how ridiculous  who would do such a  newline newline izi held her intestines in  mostly , but some hung loose  with one hand and with the other pulled herself up the stair railing . she reached the kitchen and collapsed in a chair , fished her phone from her purse and dialed . she caught look at herself in the window and smiled . her face was entirely covered in blood . her body gave a weak groan and she shushed it .  hello , yes . i ve had an emergency . i need an ambulance .  newline newline newlineroger was an ap reporter , and since he was trying to hold onto his journalism career as long as he can , he was doing his absolute best to look as busy as possible . newline newline there was a time when journalists of his ilk were revered for their craft . the dogged pursuit of a story . the gritty takedown of corrupt government officials . newline newline and he had ilk . that s why he was the last one . the last journalist of the new york times . newline newline it was the year 2049 a.d . the earth has a population of thirty billion people . thanks to technology , there is no more hunger . no more starvation . newline newline and very few jobs worth having , roger thought . he glanced up at his trophy wall . fortyseven pulitzer prizes . newline newline sure , they still give them out , but there was nt as much competition anymore . not when ninetynine point nine percent of all news comes through in textese . newline newline he was the only one in the office . it had over fifty desks in the bullpen and three corner offices . roger liked the bullpen . newline newline the governmentmandated cameras were still on . newline newline roger picked up his world s greatest reporter coffee mug and walked to the window , looking for inspiration inbetween sips of the bitter brew . newline newline outside , millions of synthetic men and their metallic beasts of burden swarmed through the streets and thoroughfares . as he watched , a small one buzzed to his window and began to clean it . newline newline  excuse me , sir ?  newline newline roger nearly dropped his coffee . newline newline the voice belonged to a tall , rangy looking young man with jet black hair spiked straight up . newline newline this boy was at least six feet tall and unusually skinny . that was strange . newline newline with so little to do , the average weight of a human male is now three hundred and fifty pounds . the average height is just over five feet , four inches . evolution begat devolution in just two generations . newline newline roger recovered and said  yes , son ? what can i do for you ?  newline newline  are you a reporter ? i ve come looking for a reporter . my dad told me that the new york times was the finest newspaper in america .  newline newline roger winced .  was ?  newline newline  well , it s what he said . sir , i just came to tell you that my name is damien , and i m going to die today .  newline newline roger blinked . then frowned .  that s very dramatic . why ?  newline newline  why what ?  newline newline  why are you going to die ? after all . you re what , twenty ? so you have nt even started on the antiaging pills yet . you look healthy , so you must have been taking your gamv s  government approved multivitamins  . and , well ... i hate to be rude , but ,  and roger paused to sit back down and pick up his notepad ,  one death is nt news anymore .  newline newline damien sat down across from roger , undiscouraged . newline newline  no , it s not me dying that s the story . it s how .  newline newline  i m listening ,  roger said . roger opened a drawer in the desk and pulled out a working pen and let him tell his story . newline newline  i do nt live in new york . i grew up in a small town called edmond in oklahoma . it s a strange little town , full of people that think they re richer and more important than they are . but it s my town . oklahomans are proud of their heritage .  newline newline roger snorted and said  what ? cowboys and indians ?  newline newline damien winced .  no . hard work . clean living . church . you know .  newline newline  not really , but go on .  newline newline  i was nt very good at school . they graduated me just to get me out of high school . and college ... well , i just did nt see the point . but i wanted to work for a living , so i went looking for a job .  newline newline  when was this ?  newline newline  three years ago . i tried an accounting firm , but they were only hiring people with a doctorate . even the janitors were doctors . i did a few interviews , but with no college time at all , and the robots doing all the easy jobs i was nt having much luck . newline newline then i got a tip from a buddy that a friend of a friend was starting a new business . not new as in new to the area . new as in a completely new concept . newline newline i was curious , so i asked my buddy to set up a meeting with the guy . newline we met in this little bar called the garage . it was a wednesday . his name was tommy boren .  newline newline  boring ?  newline newline  no , boren . boren. and mister , let me tell you . i d never met anyone like him . he was slicker than an eel in a vat of vaseline . newline i asked him straight out what his business was , but he kept avoiding the question and redirecting them towards me . before i knew what was what , he knew my whole life story and i knew zip about him . newline newline after a little while longer , he told me he thought i d be perfect for the job and that it was mine if i wanted it . and i told him i did . but here s the darnedest thing , i still did nt know what the job was ! newline newline he asked me when i could start , and i told him i could start immediately . he laughed and asked me if i meant it . when i told him yes , he said well , let s go !  and out we went . newline newline his car was doubleparked . a cherryred cadillac . it was a manual drive , and it still ran on gasoline .  newline newline roger whistled .  geez , his taxes must be huge on that . even three years ago , that would have been ... what ? well , more than my salary anyway . sorry , where d he take you ?  newline newline  an old abandoned gas station . the sign was still up and lit , though . big , bright green and yellow letters . kum and go . kum. yeah , i know , right ? but that s the name . newline newline we pulled up right to the door of the office and got out . he fiddled with his keys for a bit and then found the right one and opened the door . newline newline once we got inside , he shut and locked the door and said now , do nt be alarmed when i turn on the light , ok ?  newline newline the lights buzzed on . i do nt know if you ve ever been in a gas station . probably when you was a kid , right ? you remember the layout ?  newline newline roger smiled ,  yeah , i m pretty old , kid . a little bit of everything in there . candy , pop , chips , beer . all laid out on shelves that take up the whole building .  newline newline  right , right . well , it looked like that except that all the shelves were empty . but you know how some of those gas places had those big refrigerators in the back for the beer ? beer caves , they called em . newline newline this kum and go had one of those , but there were nt no beer in there . bodies .  newline newline  bodies ?  newline newline  yup , bodies . human bodies . stacked to the ceiling . i d never seen anyone dead before . i did nt know what to say , so i did nt say anything . i just stared . newline newline tom slapped his hand on my shoulder , startling me . newline newline beautiful , is nt it ? look at them , and tell me what you see .  newline newline did you ... did you kill them all ?  newline newline yes , i did . and i ll tell you something else . they asked me to do it . but look closer , boy .  newline newline so i did . newline newline and it was the strangest thing . they all looked so peaceful . so ... happy . newline newline so what do you do here ,  i asked him . newline newline kum and go helps those who ca nt help themselves anymore ,  he tells me . we help them shuffle off this mortal coil . is it entirely legal ? well , not yet , but almost . i ve got a brother in the state legislature , and he tells me he s got the votes , so i opened up shop yesterday and put an ad in the paper .  newline newline yesterday ? but there must be ...  newline newline fortyseven ,  he tells me . fortyseven in less than twentyfour hours . newline newline and why not ? we help them go out painless . go out ethical . go out happy . we get em a free meal . someone to hold their hand as they go out . one pin prick of the special boren medicine and they leave this all behind .  newline newline and what would my job be ,  i asked him . newline newline you d be a gofer for them . you know , go for this . go for that . whatever they need after they ve signed the papers and paid their thousand bucks . we work on commission here . you get fifty dollars per signature . newline newline another part of your job is you d post their stories online for me . part of the package : published story , meal , and a nice , calm death . and i ll tell you something else . it s good for the environment too .  newline newline but , uh ... the bodies ?  newline newline oh , them ? no , you would nt handle them . we ve got a bot for that .  newline newline i started the next day . it was honest work , and tom , well ... tom was a genius . that man could ve sold whiskers to a beard . his online advertisements and printed flyers were a thing of beauty . newline newline that first week we did six hundred and thirtytwo . newline newline it was my first job , and it s going to be my last . newline newline i ve signed the papers and i m going out at 3:30pm .  newline newline roger raised an eyebrow ,  but even if you wanted to , oklahoma is two hours away by train ! and i do nt know where edmond is , so it s not hooked into the train line . you wo nt make it back in time .  newline newline  oh , right . i did nt mention . we franchised it .  newline newline  franchised it ? you mean ?  newline newline  yup , kum and go is in all fiftytwo states . and the local one is just down the block . but here s the thing . i do nt want some dumb worker like me posting my story online . i want you to do it . will you do it for me ?  newline newline roger thought about it . yes , of course he would . he nodded . newline newline  okay , but i have a lot of questions first . i guess the first one is how many people would you guess that you have ... you know ?  newline newline  i do nt have to . it s on my paychecks , remember ? in just under three years , i killed seventyone thousand , eight hundred and thirteen people . i m only twenty years old , so that s more people dead by my hand than days i ve lived . newline newline more than double that . newline newline i m the world s greatest serial killer and i m completely anonymous . hilda recieved the instructions , return to midgard and collect a brave soul . newline newline as she adjusted to the travel , a strange thought occured to her . newline newline a school ? a place of learning ? why would this soul be here ?  newline newline entering the school , she notices younglings running around . her confusion was shattered as the name she was instructed to find rang out of a frantic woman s lips .  jenny riley , please wake up !  an instructor of sorts , much older than the person hilda was to find . the old woman was visibly shaken while healers , paramedics as the humans title them , surrounded a young girl s body and talked amongst themselves and the little form . newline newline hilda could only sigh , she did not enjoy this part of the job . mortals never understanding when the shell is finally at the end . she looked at the crowd of children outside and noticed one trying to get the attention of others and failing . newline the girl was small , blonde haired , blue eyed , almost a smaller replica of hilda in a way . newline newline  tommy ? tommy this is nt funny ! tell them you can hear me . mr fuffles is near the river bank .  the girl s eyes tearing up ,  rabbits ca nt swim and i found him !  she tried to tug on his arm but her grip was like smoke , clearly scaring the little girl . newline helga spoke in a kind motherly voice , stern but direct ,  jenny riley ? tommy ca nt see or hear you , he ca nt even touch you . maybe i can help .  newline newline the little girl bolted to helga , sniffling , her voice going in fast pace about a pet rabbit the class takes care of named mr. fuffles . apparently he got out of his cage somehow and the kids were told to stay in class while the teachers looked for it . newline helga raised an eyebrow ,  yet you did nt stay in the room ? why is that ?  newline newline jenny stood her ground , putting on a brave face .  it was my week to take care of mister fuffles . he was my re  res  my duty .  newline helga held back a hand to hide the laughter ,  you meant to say responsibility  right ? it is a big word for someone your age .  newline jenny could only nod ,  i know the back half of the school better . sometimes i would go out there during recess , the other kids would promise not to tell the teachers . they would get mad . they say there s lots of old scary trees , but they are nt that scary .  the little girl almost smirked as if bragging about her bravery . newline newline helga nodded with respect ,  you knew the lay of the land and used your bravery to recover something sacred to your kind . i applaud such efforts . sadly though i think one of the old scary trees  might have hurt you with a rotten limb falling . do you remember any pain ?  newline newline jenny looked at the crowd and mrs. finster ,  that s what happened ? i did feel a sharp pain , but then something like water hitting me in the face .  her eyes widened as she realized her fate . looking up at helga , the tall blonde woman offering a sympathetic frown ,  are you an angel ?  helga shook her head slowly ,  no my dear , but i am similar . i am a valkyrie , it is my job to escort brave souls to the hallowed halls of valhalla .  newline newline kneeling she took jenny s shoulder and lifted them both into the sky ,  where we are going , brave scouts like you will look out for all the mister fuffles and tommys who are scared of the old scary trees . is this what i get for fearing god too much ? newline newline i awoke on the 23rd of may in 2064 to the greatest scientific breakthrough in human history . selfregenerative cells . it was nt long before all it took was a trip down to your local walgreen to be administered with the antidote . old age was no longer an issue , death became something forgotten . newline newline for a time at least . newline newline i earned my priesthood during the summer of my 36th year . a hot july day of 2062 . those were a good few years . i could feel myself growing closer to god with each passing day . every service another step towards my savior . newline newline that mid may morning was a miracle as any plain man could tell you . to have defeated death . truly man s greatest feat . an endless life . endless time to hone your talents and develop new ones . it took me 6 years to finish my first symphony and another 10 to be able to perform every note myself . newline newline newline it was a long time before i noticed what we had truly created . newline newline when did everyone stop attending service ? newline newline have they no fear ? perhaps not . why should they ? they have nothing to fear anymore . newline newline newline do you think he will forgive me ? i was taught that it was a sin . newline newline however , in this world of the endless rein of man i choose the lesser of the two great evils . newline newline we have created a world in which god can not exist . man walks to no end . newline newline we have created hell . newline newline do you think he will weep for me ? newline newline click newline newlinei looked over and saw the roll was empty . of course . and of course i did nt notice until 20 minutes into one of the most epic shits i d ever taken . the kind where i was having to give my asshole a pep talk , just to give it the motivation not to ruin my pants in the final moments as i powerwalked to the coffee shop toilet . now after virtually emptying my entire insides into the bowl , i discover everyone s worst nightmare : the toilet paper is gone . like , there is nt even a shred hanging off the roll . nothing . newline newline in a desperate attempt to find another solution , i look over at the sink and hope for a stack of paper towels . but no , it s one of those useless air dryers that only makes your hands drippy and cold . newline newline i let out a deep sigh and thanked myself for that trip to tibet 10 years ago . it was a situation just like this , only worse . i had just finished a sha phaley and something inside it was wreaking havoc . you know that turn that your stomach does that suddenly changes every motivation in your life ? you could be holding your son dangling over the edge of a cliff while the rocks around you start to crumble , but if your stomach does that move you might as well drop that kid and do something because you re about to fucking rocket out a fountain of shit . newline newline asking the vendor where the nearest toilet was an exercise that was only just barely productive and i remember kicking open the stall and almost screaming . there was no toilet . it was literally a fucking hole in the floor , and what stared back at me from that hole was nightmare fuel . but like i said , i d drop my son off a goddamn cliff in this situation , so i practically ripped my pants off my body and proceeded to turn myself inside out over that hole . i literally peed out of my butt . newline newline when the literal shit storm had completed , i made a new cultural discovery : no toilet paper . i lifted myself off the hole and grimaced after seeing what i d created . there was simply no way i could just zip up and walk out in this condition . newline newline i looked around and shrieked at the emptiness of the stall . the only decoration was a small lamp in the corner with some incense sticks poking out of the stem . i opened the dusty lamp and found inside a tiny scroll . there was only the briefest of hesitation over using this to wipe my ass . who cares how ancient and valuable this was ? after picturing indiana jones shouting authoritatively at me ,  that belongs in a museum !  i unrolled the scroll . newline newline but on the scroll was a perfectly typed note . it simply said ,  to those that would read this in a moment s desperation , if you are truly in need your heart will open to the possibilities of the clean break .  newline newline from that moment , i felt a welling of energy within me as my gut evolved . became better . newline newline i smiled , thinking back on that moment . i stood and looked over the grimy coffee house bathroom  a smile blossoming on my face . since that moment i had never needed toilet paper again . clean breaks every time . i am truly a free man . wait !  newline newline i opened the door and stepped out into the rain , into the darkness , where the only light for miles in any direction were my headlights . newline newline our town was a small town with a size of around five thousand people . here , you d suspect that everyone would know everyone else , but even our community had its  cliques ,  our own circles of friends . sure , people would recognize and greet each other as we passed by , but talk to each other ? not really . so when someone struggles silently , they struggle here just as they would anywhere  nobody cares . newline newline it was half past midnight , so the fields outside our town were dark , and everyone inside our town were asleep , all their lights shut off . newline newline he flinched at the sound of my voice , although i m certain he must ve seen my headlights coming back into town .  what are you doing ?  newline newline  ...  newline newline i slowly walked towards him , not even bothering to close the door behind me .  mister   i began , but my foot kicked something along the ground . newline newline it was a tippedover pill bottle , with some of its little contents spilling out . even in the dark , i could tell it was a new bottle . newline newline  mister , can you just ... can you just step back over here and we can talk about it ?  newline newline i spoke softly , making sure to not startle him again , as i quietly approached him from behind . he did nt bother turning around . newline newline  no , i m fine right here .  newline newline his voice was cold , steady , and certain of what he was going to do . i knew i had to choose my words wisely .  mind if i sit with you ?  newline newline he shook his head . i kicked off my heals and looked over the bridge . vertigo immediately overtook me , but i closed my eyes and breathed deeply before taking a seat beside him . newline newline  so , um , what are you doing here ?  i asked again . newline newline he did nt reply . newline newline we sat there silently , listening to the rain splatter on the ground behind us . moments turned to minutes , and minutes felt like hours , just sitting on the edge of death , together . newline newline  knock knock .  newline newline a confused look washed over his face , which was better than the stoicity it had for the past hour .  ... what ?  he asked , turning to face me . newline newline  knock knock ,  i repeated . newline newline i could feel him looking at my face for what seemed like eternity , before he replied ,  who s there ?  newline newline  orange .  newline newline the corner of his lip turned up .  orange who ?  newline newline i turned to him .  orange you glad i m here ?  i said with a smile , reaching up to poke his nose like a button . newline newline he chuckled , looking at his feet . newline newline  you know i lost everything ?  he asked . newline newline  no , i do nt .  newline newline he did nt answer . newline newline  hey , are you hungry ? maybe you can tell me about it over a cup of coffee and some pancakes ?  newline newline he nodded , as we both kicked our legs over the railing . newline newline  cmon , i know this one really good place . but you re paying , i do nt have my wallet ,  i joked . newline newline he chuckled again .  sure ...  newline newline  what ? you do nt believe me ?  i asked , feigning surprise . newline newline  no , not really ...  newline newline  well , whatever . you re paying anyway ,  i said with a mischievous grin .  so there .  newline newline he gave in , as a small smile overcame him .  okay .  newline newline he picked up my shoes and got into the passenger seat .you never think the story will be yours . it is forever some other person s story , some other person s poor life filled with loss , filled with remorse . some other couple who is sick , bored , tired , furious . some other bout of bickering , some other night , some other topic . then , suddenly , it s you . it s your life . it s your spouse , it s your love , it s your home . the gift you received for your 6th recurrence , the gift he procured for the third , wielded with force , fury . no more love . no more quiet . nothing but quiet . newline newline she s bleeding on the floor , still . newline newline he s groping in the night , his eyes gouged out . never before did this occur . how did it this time ? why ? he wo nt ever know , he surmises . strike for strike , they d dueled , but who could determine the winner ? her no more , him forever blind , left to die . how would he survive now ? surely he kept living , but for no more purpose it seemed . they were once in love , but no more . how they destroyed the other . is their story now over , or just begun ?newline  great i probably got wasted again and did something illegal  . jim mumbled to his reflection in the mirror . newline newline though it doesnt seem like something he would or could do while drunk . newline newline well it didnt matter . all that mattered was geting to the exam hall on time . newline newline putting down the contacts jim tried to put the mystery to the back of his mind . rushing to his wardrobe he flung open the doors only to be greeted by another puzzle . newline newline his entire wardrobe was full of suits . no tshirts , no jeans and even his trainers had been replaced by expensive looking black leather shoes . newline newline  what the bloody hell is going on !  newline newline he began looking around for the clothes he wore yesterday . where he was expecting to see them slung on the floor there was only a black charred mess of metal and ashes . newline newline driven by an unfamiliar impulse to investigate he approached the mess . judging by the charred floorboards this was the aftermath of a fire . he carefully picked up a piece of metal . newline newline the blackend metal strands were woven together into a familiar lattice pattern . it was a waste paper basket . someone had clearly set fire to it and presumably whatever papers were inside at the time . newline newline the only clue left was a small singed piece of laminated plastic not unlike his university id . two symbols were still visible . newline newline i6 newline newline newline newlinei switched on the television and curled up in the most comfortable armchair , right back in the corner . the fire was roaring merrily in the grate , and i had a bag of mints in my hand . this was going to be a good night . newline newline popping a mint into my mouth , i switched on doctor who and sat curled up on the armchair . before long , i had swallowed the sweet . i reached into the bag on the armrest to get another . but it slipped from my fingers and fell down the side of the cushion . newline newline i sighed and reached down to retrieve it . newline newline woah , buy me dinner first , honey ,  said a voice from below me . newline newline eye wide , i looked around , but there was noone there . hello ?  i said , my voice trembling . newline newline down here ,  said the voice again . i looked down at the chair . there was no space beneath it  noone could be hiding under there . are you in the chair ?  newline newline i am the chair ,  said the voice . and i would pull my hand out of there as quickly as possible , if i were you .  newline newline i hurriedly retracted my hand and went to get up off the chair , but the voice stopped me . hey , there s no need to go !  it said . just be careful where you re sticking those pretty fingers of yours .  newline newline intrigued , i sat down again gingerly . chairs ca nt talk ,  i said , despite the evidence to the contrary . newline newline well i can and i am ,  said the chair . so you re wrong .  newline newline but you re just an object !  i said desperately . a piece of furniture !  newline newline look , if i had the choice , i would nt be a chair ,  said the chair with a hint of hurt in its voice . if i had to be a piece of furniture , i d want to be a bed or something . that s where all the real action happens .  it chuckled to itself . newline newline sorry , i did nt mean to offend you ,  i said apologetically . newline newline none taken ,  said the chair . i m used to this now . having people sit on me is slightly more interesting than being , say , a wardrobe in the spare bedroom . at least here i get to see and hear interesting things .  newline newline well , that s good , i suppose ,  i said , not knowing how to react to this . i mean , i was talking to a chair , for god s sake . what were you meant to talk about ? cushions ? newline newline you have the most comfortable buttocks , by the way ,  said the chair . so small and ... perfect . it s like having an angel sitting on me .  newline newline thanks , i guess ,  i replied . was i being chatted up by an armchair ? newline newline anyway , you probably want to get back to your programme ,  said the chair . do nt mind me , it s like i m not even here .  newline newline i nodded slowly , then curled up in my original position and focused on the television . after a few moments , i noticed a rubbing sensation on my back and buttocks . the chair was massaging me . and it felt awesome . smiling to myself , i settled down for a long night in . newline newline i could get used to this .my ass was getting sore . after several hours of sitting in the interrogation room of the kriminalfachdezernat 3 , my behind was beginning to feel numb , hard and flat as the chair . i realised , in passing , that the chair was the same type you see in classrooms . brightly painted metal tubing assembled to support two planks of composited wood for the back and seat rest . sturdy and durable . certainly not made for comfort . newline newline i wiggled to alleviate the growing pain in my lumbar region . newline newline  can we get to the point ?  newline newline the officer on the other side of the table raised his eyes from the file in front of him to look at me . moustache twitching , the white light of the neon lamps in the ceiling casting imperceptible shadows on the irregularities of his ageing skin , accentuating the greenish pink of his complexion and emphasising the tiredness of his appearance , his deepset eyes showed a hint of surprise . he certainly wasn  t used to interrogating excops , particularly on murder cases , and he had been dancing between the camaraderie reserved to those in the same line of work and a toughness that showed his disgust at having said profession stained by my existence . newline newline yet of all the scenarios he probably had made in advance , he certainly didn  t seem to expect this one . newline newline  we  re waiting for detective shrle.  newline newline the toughness was back in his answer . newline newline i wasn  t familiar with detective shrle , neither was i familiar with him . nuremberg isn  t a particularly big city and , while i had spent my entire career in the criminal investigations department of this very city , i had been in retirement for a few years already . he probably had transferred here in that time . with the number of people i knew in this police station , i wasn  t particularly surprised that they would want to avoid me being interrogated by anyone i was familiar with . i expected detective shrle to be a similar transfer . newline newline the door opened , a pretty blonde in her early thirties walking through with a pile of files and a coffee . judging by the flimsiness of the plastic cup i had a moment of appreciation for the steadiness with which she was holding the burning receptacle . however , i was wrong on her being a transfer . this young , she had to be a rookie . the station had to be scraping the bottom of the barrel to find someone i didn  t know . a case like mine would be a chance for her . newline newline she sat down , her game face slightly at odd with the nervousness of her gestures as she arranged the files on the table , pulled out a pen and a blank sheet of paper and turned to her neighbour . newline newline  forgive me this delay officer feyderbach.  newline newline she had a very pretty smile . i could see officer feyderbach soften a little bit behind his greying moustache before he turned back to me and assumed an even more taciturn face than before she entered . newline newline  it  s nothing . let us recapitulate.  newline newline avoiding his notes , he probably knew the case by heart now , he looked at me straight in the eyes as he went through the events . newline newline  on april 7th , detective  his reluctance at using the word evident in his tone .  schroder was arrested at this residence for the murder of stephanie schroder . a murder he has , by his own admittance , committed.  newline newline  well , you did ask me.  newline newline  don  t interrupt me mr. schroder.  i had lost the  detective  , my interruptions were beginning to get on his nerves . i realised i couldn  t care less . newline newline  your verbal admission of guilt isn  t the only thing we have against you . multiple dna samples identify you as the one who disposed of the body of stephanie schroder by distributing parts of her body to pigs in a schweinefarm on the outskirts of feucht.  newline newline in spite of her wilful seriousness i could detect unease and disgust in the eyes of detective shrle as she listened to officer feyderbach . she  d have to toughen up if she wanted to last any meaningful time in this career path . once again i interjected : newline newline  you could call that an err , oversight of my part.  newline newline officer feyderbach closed his eyes , visibly looking inward to remain calm and focused . newline newline  enlighten us mr. schroder . why would you regret not hiding your traces if you so readily admit to the murder of stephanie schroder ?  newline newline  correctly.  newline newline both stared at me utterly puzzled . newline newline  i regret not hiding my traces correctly . i did try to hide my traces . the fact that you had to resort to dna analysis is proof enough that i almost succeeded.  newline officer feyderbach was now properly seething , but detective shrle spoke before he had a chance to explode . newline newline  you  re not answering officer feyderbach  s question mr. schroder.  newline newline her calm was admirable , perhaps she had a little bit more in her than i first suspected . newline newline i smiled and sat back in my chair . newline newline  now we  re getting there.  officer feyderbach threw me a furious look that said all the good he thought of me .  you see , while my arrestation is a terrible testament to the shortcomings of my actions , particularly for someone of my experience , i wasn  t , and to be honest i still am not , particularly eager to face the consequences of stephanie  s death.  newline newline  and yet you  re sitting here and freely admitting to the murder.  detective shrle again . her soft touch was a welcome counterpoint to officer feyderbach  s presence . newline newline  well , i  m pretty well placed to know that dna evidence is hard to defend against in front of a judge . unreliable as it is ... too bad this wasn  t always available during my career.  newline newline detective shrle looked puzzled , but before she could talk again , officer feyderbach let out a growl between his teeth . newline newline  are you telling us we should revisit the evidence surrounding your daughter  s murder.  newline newline i leaned forward , looking both of them in the eyes , in turn . newline newline  i am.  newline newline they answered at the same time . newline newline  you  re in no situation to propose this.  feyderbach  s anger was now icy yet no less menacing . detective shrle remained much more matteroffact : newline newline  this is the investigation into stephanie schroder  s murder . your daughter  s death has nothing to do with it . as far as i  newline newline i interrupted her , i too could do cold rage : newline newline  oh , quite the contrary detective . my wife  s death has everything to do with the murder of my daughter .  pm  through the window across the field they re congregating . i peep up and watch them . all three huge and worn . giant carnival sawdust prizes . no longer wanted . never needed . a giant elmo , big bird , and hello kitty . they re eyes are huge and unmoving bowling balls . at least elmo s are . they stick to the top of his bulbous head . far above the open black cavernous mouth . a gaping smile of endless tickles . one pupil points strait up to the sky . the other pupil , the left one , seems to be facing forward , but at a precarious angle . not quiet strait on , but not crosseyed either . big bird s head is more reasonable . at least in respect to not being bigger than his body . his head teeters in all directions , held on by a too thin neck , as he hops from one orange plumber foot to the other . flapping matted wings . hello kitty is more nondescript . a giant hello kitty head on a little white body in a worn pink dress top and denim skirt . round it off with little worn pink high heeled shoes . the black eyes are pupilless and chewed on . together the three teeter about in a circle . the details are clear even from the distance because they are so huge . they re getting closer . newline newline i crouch down back beneath the sill . i ve stripped down to my green and turquoise meundies  not a sponsor  for stealth . i flex my paws . i m a tiger . huge and imposing . my body reverberates with untapped power . my coloring leans more towards the white and gray scale . my fur thick and soft . john has gone on ahead . john has the concoction . the message that must get through safely . our duty . he is the leader . a fine tiger . my sensei if you will . a large wide chest . full of thick white fur fluffing out from his black vneck . his y deep yellow yes kind but serious . newline newline there s a racket on the stairs . i flatten my ears and back into the corner crouching . the half open door ruptures and there s nate . tail flicking a wild snake behind him . his eyes crazy .  oh man oh boy they re everywhere ! ! !  i leap and press my paw against his muzzle .  quiet you fool .  outside the gargantuan head stop bobbing . they turn in the our direction , the lone dilapidated house , in one synchronized turn . newline newline i scramble over nate and leap in three bounds down the stairs . down there it is dark . a jungle with flickering warehouse lights . there are the young adults . they are smiling and shouting and all around me . engulfing me .  there you are honey ! play with us honey !  they pull my tail and ears and they sink their many hands into my fur . i smile .  good . good .  i ve have to get out of here . they do nt know the mission . they draw too much attention . above me in the jungle are the tubes . i pull back on my haunches and launch up with ease . some of them try to follow . some do . for a time . but i am quick and agile . their awwws and complaints of disappointment roll across the air . i ve got to find john . pray the way ahead is clear . newline newline the tubes are sterile and give off a aluminum odor . everything inside comes through muffled . even the intermittent light filtering through the breaks . newline newline there is john . he is now beside me . we re in a connecting room . there are people around him . reaching . clinging . talking . petting him and adoring him . he never lowers his gaze to their level . he walks along beside me .  there s an obstacle course up ahead .  he guides me through a stairwell . up and out onto another field of green . we enter through a crease in the layers of a huge tree . out in the middle of the field are huge trampolines , trapezes and ropes . there are people crawling all over them . one man ripples with muscles . my heart sinks . nate bounds out behind us  a wild banshee tiger balloenergy .  aaaaaiiiiieeeeee ! ! !  he s on the play set . the people yell and scream around him . the strong man does a 360 on the trapeze . i join nate before i have time to blink . the ground and sky tumble and jumple around me . the smell of blood . people are nt meant to play with tigers . newline newline john lopes by . we meet across air . a nod . break . i continue on an upward downward roll . newline newline the three giant heads emerging from the tree . elmo first . big bird follows then hello kitty . they totter as quick as they can to the set . to me . big birds head at a crooked angle bobs to the left . newline newline a giant hand of god intervenes . pulls me out . the world goes black . swallowed whole . newlinethere is a ghost of fear at the utter darkness that i had woke to . yet it had no base , no stomach churning unease or quickening of the heart as the instinct was gone . strange as it was , there was something far more troubling as my senses continued to take in my situation . trying to stretch my arms and legs only returned with a disturbing lack of response . newline newline my mind started racing through all kinds of scenarios , i remember my death . it was far from a peaceful one as i was pushed out a window by my wife ... the bitch . what had she done to me ? i kept her fed and housed even if it was a shitty apartment . so what if i might have hit her once or twice in anger , that s what being married was all about . then it hit me , she must have buried me outside thinking i was dead . newline newline it was enough to make me writhing mad , thrashing about in my hole . even without limbs it seemed i could still do something . the dirt around me was loose , i might survive just yet to pay her back and it was nt going to be just the back of my hand this time . the thought gave me hope as i fell to doing something so degrading to escape . newline newline using the one thing i had left to me , mouth spread wide to take a big bite from the earth . it was ... not that bad actually , what the hell did she bury me in ? worse hunger seemed to take me heavily as soon as i had the first taste . of all things i ended up swallowing the filth . taking another bite as it seemed to help with that sharp pain of my empty stomach . two led to three , three led to four and really that insatiable hunger just made me loose count . newline newline body writhing as i worked my way at what i hoped was up . that new worry bringing with it the thought of changing direction . an old divers trick though came to mind ... just a bit more sloppy . getting a bunch of saliva in my mouth i let it just drool out . blind as i was i just felt it s direction and had to change course once in a while . oh she will have hell to pay for what she is making me do now . newline newline after what seemed like an eternity i managed to sense a difference . i did nt know if it was the looser soil or just the feeling along my skin but i was close . the last few bites brought me outside , i was free ! the exhalation only lasted bare moments as my ... senses . i would nt even call it eyes had adjusted to the light . something was wrong and beyond just my arms missing . newline newline in a panicked rush , i pulled myself free of what looked to be a rounded long hill . everything around me was big ... if big were even enough to describe the towering forest of blades that was about the hill . twisting to look at what might be binding me , at the least i could be free to walk . finding some horror of a sleeping bag covering me . yet as i moved , that monstrous form was not just some sheath covering me but my flesh itself . newline newline it was then that i realized that i had indeed died that day . my new squirming body called out the instinct to hide as it was dangerous out here . i bit back into the literal piece of shit i had been born into . burrowing down into the safety of the darkness to be free from attacks . instincts taking over as i sought to survive until i can sprout my wigs . who was i to deserve being reborn as a maggot ?stacy rolled her eyes as the phone rang a fourth time . finally , she picked it up and swiped to accept the unknown number . on the other end of the phone , our hero dave . newline newline dave was 32  though to look at him , you  d say maybe a rough 37  , and teetering on a certain bmi line  i won  t say which , but suffice it to say the man probably wolfed three packs of swedish fish flavored oreos this morning  . he  s married to a lovely little lady  suzy , gorgeous gal , by all accounts  he met in college  oberlin , jesus  , and works here at the call center for a few night shifts a week to pull in some extra money for his bouncing new baby boy , dave jr.  very creative , dave  . newline newline  hello there , i  m dave , with marketing integration strategies , and  newline newline he had hardly gotten through the first diligent sentence of his script before stacy , like a champ , hung up on him . i mean who wouldn  t ? it  s his come on , he just god , even over the phone , just his fucking voice sounds boring ! i mean jesus on a fucking flatbread , he  s literally just going to grow old and die in a series of menial fucking jobs as his fat fucking head balds ever more quickly until his son can see his own fat fucking chipofftheblock fucking face in it like a goddamn mirror of shame ! why are we even fucking talking about him ? ! there  s nothing here ! go away ! what are you doing wasting your life reading about fucking daaaave ? ! i m sorry sir , your card has been rejected .  the cashier said to me from behind the cash register . she looked tired , but i understood why , i was buying a pregnancy test for my wife at 12 am . newline newline newline  try it again , i must have five dollars on there .  i begged her to try again , rejected . again , rejected . she hands me back my bank card , takes the pregnancy test and places it behind the counter . i leave her to her deserted store and say down on the bench just outside the doors . newline newline newline there once was a time when i had enough money to buy half a mansion . i had almost everything i could ever want or need . a beautiful wife , a son . everything . then there was the accident . my wife had been pregnant for a second time , and had been taking kyle to his soccer game . he had been so good at soccer . i always told him he d make it to the bigleagues . he wanted to be a professional soccer player . he had been the smartest , most passionate and loving kid i had ever the chance to meet . he was my son  i m still proud of him . newline newline newline newline julie had been driving , i had been coming to the soccer game a bit late because of a meeting that i could nt avoid , but it rarely happened , so no harm had been done . i did nt get to see kyle all day , not until he was in the hospital , kept breathing by a horrible sounding machine and had been kept together by bandages . a transport hit them when the brakes on the truck failed and smashed into the car my only family had been in . i watched my wife recover from only a few broken bones , but she lost the child . it was supposed to be a girl . jenny . we already picked her name . it was devastating when we heard our little girl died , but we tried our best to focus on kyle and his recovery . newline newline newline newline i spent all out money keeping him alive while the doctors helped him heal . nothing was punctured , and they took him off life support immediately , keeping him in a coma to make sure he felt little pain . everything had been going well , kyle was making a huge recovery , until they found an infection in one of his burns , after they took the bandages off . the rest of my money was spent on an amputation of his infected arm . i had been unable to work , so no more money was coming in . after all the time it took , after all the money we spent , he died six days after his operation . it was in his bloodstream , and slowly had been killing him . the money did nt matter , it never does , but we lost our boy . i had to quit my job because i was unable to work . our house is paid off , but we struggle to pay the bills . it s only been four months since we buried him , and my wife and i aw getting through this together , but we , lost two children , all our funds , and now we do nt have enough to buy a pregnancy test . newline newline newline newline julie is two weeks late . i love her more than ever , and all i want is to support her . i swore i d get a job . i promise , kyle , for you i ll love you re sibling and mother . newline newline newline newline  sir , here . take it , i ll pay .  i look up and realize my eyes are blurry , i d been crying . i stand and hug the woman , and gently tak the test from her hand like my life depended on it . it sure feels like it does . i mutter what seems like a thousand  thank you  s and walk back to julie . she had been waiting for me in the kitchen . we open and use the whole box . newline newline newline it s positive . they re all positive .my fellow americans . newline newline when i began my time in office , i was hopeful . during my first presidential campaign i promised you change . as my first term drew to a close and my second began , people started to question , when will this change be coming ? newline newline at every step that i have tried to improve this great nation , the republican party have undermined me . blocking bills that would transform welfare and healthcare , although we eventually got that one through , and introducing selfish bills that line the pockets of the rich . as i spent more time in office , i realised , this was nt just a problem of the very rich , but also , of the very stupid . i have faith that the great people of america could , if they worked together , solve all of these problems . instead you vote in rich white men who have no interest beyond their own self interest . newline newline you see , i have hidden the truth from you for a long time america . i am smart . much smarter than the average american . my iq is somewhere in the high 160s , although i am intelligent enough to know this is just a number . newline newline over the last few years i have come to realise . changing bills , vetoing the bad ones and having to fight for any change will lead us nowhere . and so , as my last act as president i will be making one , great change . newline newline i will be destroying the united states of america . along with china , india , and parts of europe and africa . i will be the last president , of these united states . newline newline it is too late . the bombs are already set , in hidden locations throughout the world , and will go off shortly after the end of this speech . even if you find one and disarm it , you ll save a few thousand people at most . newline newline you may ask ,  barack , why are you doing this evil thing ?  newline newline i have witnessed how tragedy brings people together . i have seen how overpopulation and corruption are ruining this world , and i will not let it go on any more . those who survive will have to work together to survive . newline newline i have placed fallout shelters stocked with food and water hidden throughout our nation , whilst my contemporaries in europe and asia have done the same . to those of you who live , i wish you luck in finding these . newline newline i promised you change america . newline newline finally , we will have world peace . you  re kidding right ?  dan asked , sitting on his office chair . standing in front of his desk stood two scientists , who glanced at each other nervously . one of the scientists adjusted his glasses , and nodded in confirmation . newline newline newline seeing him hesitate , the second scientist spoke up ,  we run several extra tests just to confirm , and we are almost ninety percent positive  . newline newline newline dan leaned back on his chair , flooded with disappointment and anger at wasting all his resources , only to find in the end that his original hypothesis was wrong . newline newline newline  so no ghosts , spirits , or other mystical explanations  dan finally asked , feeling a last spark of hope resurging . newline newline newline  no , sorry sir , i know you contributed a lot of money into this research hoping to prove your initial theories correct , but unfortunately the facts don  t lie . they aren  t looking at anything , nor are they communicating telepathically with each other  after another quick glance at her partner , she continued  any more tests we run will just keep showing the same results . at this point it would just be throwing money away.  newline newline newline dan sighed as the last sliver of hope was crushed . after all this time and wild theories , it just turned out that the animals have been daydreaming , and not really looking at anything . newlinebright lights illuminated the outskirts of the room . the child sat across from him . his presence filled the room and left all in awe , except this child . the child sat in pure innocence , his feet dangling above the ground unable to just reach it . newline newline angels stood in a ring around the child and him . their sullen faces downcast in fear and respect for him . their hands were clasped behind their backs where their flowing garments fell to the ground . with seven pairs of glowing eyes looking upon him the child shrunk in his seat . the child was not aware of who sat in front of him or who stood around him . newline newline he opened his mouth to speak to the child but before he could the child spoke out . newline newline  who are they ?  the child asked as he looked at the angels . in response he looked up at the angels and nodded . they took two steps backwards into the light and away from the child . newline newline  they are my creations.  his voice did not boom across the room , nor did it shake the very bones of the child but instead it washed over the child sending shivers down his spine . his voice was one of tiredness and sadness , one that had seen many years of pain and disappointment . a voice so very human . newline newline  you made them ?  the child asked with a shudder . newline newline  they are mine , yes.  newline newline  did you make me too ?  he looked upon the child with a small sad smile . newline newline  i did.  newline newline  but i already have a daddy.  the child protested , his eyebrows scrunched together in a brief moment of pain . newline newline  i made him too.  newline newline  no you did nt , grandpa did !  if he had a heart it would have dropped . he opened his mouth to speak once more but instead he closed it and sat in silence with the child . the child sensing that he had been hurt in some way tried to make amends . the child hopped off of his chair and took two steps over to him . the child took his hand in his own and looked up into his eyes with such childish innocence that he could not help but shed a tear . newline newline  can i ask you a question now ?  he asked the child , withdrawing his hand from the child  s . newline newline  sure !  the child went back to his seat and tried once more to sit so his feet would hit the ground . newline newline  why ? why do nt you believe in me ?  his voice cracked with sadness and another tear fell from his eye . newline newline the child looked back into his eyes with confusion . newline newline  because no one else does.  the child replied , suddenly grasping who he was . newline newline he looked up and stared at his angels , wiping away his tears , they looked back at him and with a nod stepped forward . they grasped the child s arms and lifted the child off the chair . the child began to protest and tried to break free . the child began to scream at him , the child s voice cut through him like a knife . he stood up and turned away from the child , not wanting to look anymore . newline newline  i m so , so sorry.  he said , choking on his words .  all you had to do was believe , why does no one believe ?  tears fell from his eyes and he fell to his knees . sobbing he put a hand to his face and uttered once more .  why does no one believe ? i ... .i dont even know where to begin ... . i was deep into my meditation as all my kind does with all their time . high and mighty on my tree , the wind howling and rushing past my round hard body . i suddenly began to feel a great vibration , as if my life giver was being toppled or climbed upon ... thats when i felt the warmth of a touch ... .the moment is now ! ive always thought of the magical moment when i separate from my tree , to begin my own process of growing and nurturing my kind , how foolish was i ! as i was detached roughly my base , i realized this was no natural occurrence . thats when the nightmare began . deep photosynthesis  breath   i suddenly felt the rush of air all around me followed by a painful slam into the ground . over and over i was slammed into the ground , my hard shell holding strong , but not for much longer i imagine . then a searing sharp pain made me realize what was happening . i was being cracked , cut ... .. consumed . my body being obliterated for my lifeblood and organ lining . i felt the sharp pain , over and over until my top was exposed . they pour my liquids out , tear my protective shell off , then i get sprinkled with acid sand ! it burns me down to the very fiber of my being ! following that they proceed to stab me and eat the lining of my walls while they quench their thirst with the liquids that so maintained my life , my being . i slowly start fading away ... .. darkness engulfs me ... . i never thought id go out like this ... ..this is coconuts .the radish king scid : 9821333354543877674342187413748 newline newline this archive protectively hexed by regional supervisor to voodoo practices elliot jonas lebeau newline newline no access without authorization . newline newline transferable hex warning  the hex on this document will spread to photocopies , scans , tracings , drawings , or other reproductions of this document of quality class 4 or higher . newline   newline newline clearance : red newline newline reading this document without proper authorization is treason and will be punished with extreme prejudice to the fullest and most complete extent possible now or in perpetuity forevermore by the federal bureau for management of supernatural citizens  fbmsc  . newline newline   newline newline quick facts newline newline subject :  the radish king newline newline hazards :  500 well equipped garden gnomes  level 2  hazard  newline newline hostile option : standard sidearm newline newline local contact : regional supervisor to voodoo practices elliot jonas lebeau newline newline newline  aliases : the radish king , archibald gorthumbleton root vegetable porcupinius radish the xviith , he who poops on his foes newline newline  whereabouts : baton rouge , louisiana newline newline category :  supernatural citizen typealpha1  humancomparable , mostly nonhostile , amenable to reason  newline newline  supernatural citizen id : 9821333354543877674342187413748 newline newline  ssn : none  by 1798 supernatural natives act b.3.dd.e  newline newline  driver s license : prohibited from driving  by nature : size incompatible with motor vehicle  newline newline species :  garden gnome newline newline  sex : fruitbearing  see garden gnome biology addendum  newline newline  ethnicity : caucasian  not of hispanic descent  newline newline  grammatical gender : royalty   pronouns : his majesty , your majesty    see garden gnome cultural dictionary section f : genders and forms of address for more info  newline newline  tribelineage : radish  ruling family  newline newline  age : 12   65 human years  newline newline  physical extent : 21  newline newline  weight : 14lbs newline newline hazards : newline newline  weapons : teeth  mundane class   see garden gnome biology addendum  newline newline  influence : command of approximately 500 garden gnomes in the baton rouge area by right of royal blood . newline newline weaknesses : newline newline newline  garden gnome physiology : newline newline  mundane force  guns , fists , knives , etc  newline newline  cardamom seeds newline newline  cold iron newline newline  bright lights newline newline  acrophobia newline newline  mental flaws : newline newline  vain newline newline  stupid  approx iq 72  newline newline index of addenda : newline newline  radish family tree  on loan from radish family archivist theobald longwattle  scid  9621333554512877674342677412000   newline newline  garden gnome cultural dictionary  archive 01  common  newline newline  bayou garden gnome political overview  archive p  postcontact only  newline newline  radish family royal laws  archive 02  domain info  newline newline  garden gnome biology  archive 01  common  this is an outrage ! how can you be out of ... ..that s funny , i ... i ve forgoten what it was i came in here for !  newline newline  yes , that would be our want elimination ray . here at halverson s , we strive to satisfy the customer 100  . to that end , if in the unfortunate event that we do not have something in stock , the want elimination ray selectively targets the memory center of your brain and causes you to forget that which you needed . if you forget what it was , you also forget why you needed it , and it s like you never needed it at all , and your are not dissatisfied !  newline newline  this is ridiculous ! you have nt satisfied me at all ! i m just going to go home and eventually remember what it is i needed , and come back .  newline newline  yes , but in that time interval , there is a 39.5  chance that we will have recieved the item in stock .  newline newline  i m not really sure i like this idea of a ray  beaming into my head , either . what are the safety risks ?  newline newline  well , ray  is just something we ve been calling it ... it s really more of a wideband frequency , sort of like wifi . you actually enter it s field of influence when you drive into the parking lot ... almost 0.4  of our customers come for only one item that is out of stock , and do nt even make it as far as the door !  newline newline  this is nt going to stand , ok ? i m going to ... .um ... .i ... .what was i talking about ? something about a newspaper ?  newline newline  i believe you were saying that you need to remember to pick up a paper , as well as some hamburger , milk , and 14 cans of green beans , which coincidentally are on sale this week , 2 for  1.00 .  newline newline  fourteen cans ? that seems like an awful lot ... .why would i need so many green beans ?  newline newline  mine is not to judge , sir , but you were quite insistant . would you like to engage one of our shopping assistants to help you remember what else you needed ?  newline newline  uh ... sure , i guess .  newline newline  excellent , sir , jimmy here will be glad to assist you . thank you for shopping at halverson s ! the bush sitting before you literally calls to you . newline newline  hey , heyyy , hellllooooo ! fuck , if this one walks away too , ill.. ii ll ...  newline newline the little shrub breaks down sobbing , and you feel as if you can see leaves shake with every barking moan newline newline  whoa , uh.. ccalm down ?  you say , albeit a bit questioningly . you ve never told a bush to calm down before aside from that one inanimate one which attacked you , drunk , outside that shondiz in phuket . newline newline the shaking and cries stop abruptly . newline newline in an instant you feel your insides squirm outwards , in a metaphorical sense . your brain turns all of its sensors on high alert , your heart rate quickens , and the hairs on the back on your neck salute in the most vividly kampfish way you ve ever felt . like a sprite  recently discovered  had fletched miniature arrows and left them sticking perfectly perpindicular from the nape of your neck for easy access . newline newline something is looking directly at you , sifting through the haze and murk of the inner parts of your soul . you can feel a tart yet warm presence leaving tendrils of consciousness writhing through your body . newline newline  yyou re here !   the voice echoes through your mind , more crimson and sheen than before . the voice s volume sounded nearly as loud as a jet engine in your psyche , yet there was no pain . only warmth , and comfort . newline newline  wwho are you ? ! show yourself !  you scream at the top of your lungs . you give the bush a sidelong look as you glance around the grand hall . newline newline  i think you know , fool . you re looking right at me , trying to pass it off like i do nt know you ve made the connectio do nt . do nt point at the shiny greatsword , you ll just embarrass yourself trying to wield it.  newline newline  i m ... not.. a fool ... you.. you do nt know . i could.. be a warrior ...  newline you lie feebly . newline newline  mmhm , believe that when i see it ,  the bush shook with a rather assumptive mutter . newline newline  did you fart on the way in here ? did you perhaps fart and savor a bit yourself ? stop to give the old pipes a good whiff ?  newline the shrubs booming voice had taken on a bit of a pratty tone , like that boy who ratted you out in 5th grade for hiding the hamster in your backpack . naff twat . newline newline you snap at the bush ,  i do nt do well with cheese !  how does he know me so well ? !  you think to yourself . newline newline  if you re wondering how i know you so well , i dont . i heard you fart and sniff your product briefly after entering the hall . i am a talking bush , and you are my counterpart . the one who would wield me !  newline the voice of the bush was twice as long and half as calm , you can feel the energy rising in the room . newline newline suddenly , a flash of light and a loud crackle split the cold , still air of the grand hall . newline newline the bush flares to life in a burst of flames and noise . newline newline   now , come and brandish me . pick me up at my base and our work shall begin .   newline newline without hesitation your body responds , ignoring the warning cries from your brain . newline newline you grab the bush by the base of its stem and pull gently , undamaged by the healthy branches of fire and ash that lick at your skin . the parched roots that wound and dipped their way through the cobblestone below buckled at the foreign pressure and gave way , crackling and crunching like tendrils seeking prey . newline newline the roots of the bush wrapped themselves comfortably around your arm up to elbow , and drove their tips into the crook of your arm . you could feel the painful entry wound created by the bush only momentarily . newline newline a serene , matteroffactness settled over your consciousness , like you had finally had a veil lifted from your gaze . newline newline you ask of the bush , somewhat dreamily ,  what work ?  newline newline the bush s flames turns a deep crimson and begin to consume everything nearby . newline newline the last thing you hear before you lose consciousness is the bush . newline newline   why , you are the herald of the apocalypse .  realization came in a flash . the fact that nobody believed him did nt bother him anymore than the smell of his beard after not showering for weeks or the weight of his wooden placard sign . the sign made a sharp crack as it fell onto the ground and ended laying on the side where crude black paint spelled out the end is near !  . newline newline newline  it s up to me ,  he spoke in a hushed whisper that steadily got louder and louder ,  it s always been up to me . i did nt want to do it , but i m the only one . the dreams told me what to do just as they told me what was to come . but no one was willing to do the deed . so it s up to me now .  newline newline newline the few passerbyes spared a brief glance at the haggard man before continuing on their way , perhaps slightly faster than before . newline newline newline  now it s up to me . it ca nt wait any longer . me , me , me , fa , so , la.. nope , just me. ,  the man shuffled to an overpass and reached into a pile of trash where a halfempty bottle of cheap liquor had been hidden . he popped the cap off with his teeth and took a swig of the alcohol . newline newline newline  here s to me , old cass , the savior of the world . three cheers for me ! hip , hip , oh , a sock !  the ragged man , now named old cass , grabbed the offending sock from the trash and poured some alcohol onto it ,  now it s your turn to drink miss socksy . it s all up to us  old cass and miss socksy , saving the earth from devastation . ha ! maybe we can walk away from the explosion in slow motion like in the movie shows ?  newline newline newline cass looked down at the dripping , inanimate sock ,  ah , what do you know ? you need this drink more than i do !  newline newline newline the mumbling old man holding a bottle stuffed with a sock walked through the doors of a stately university building . classes were still going on , so he went unnoticed as he stumbled down the corridor , looking into each classroom . newline newline newline  ahh ! a chemmisty room . chemystery room . one of them rooms with the bunson burners like the kind i used to use before the thing with the dreams and the voices and the endless doctors and pills and it was nt a stroke ! it was nt ! my brain just.. a short circuit . chemicals and pills . chemical spills !  newline newline newline old cass , once professor cassidy of the high energy physics department , continued down the empty college corridor while holding a bottle stuffed with a burning sock . he waved his hand wildly in front of the sock to disperse the smoke as he walked down the steps to the sub basement . there he paused at a closed door . newline newline newline  behold the power of foot !  he screamed as he kicked the door with all of his strength . it shook and rattled before remaining closed . old cass took a look at it , then turned the handle ,  behold the power of grad students who do nt lock up !  newline newline newline inside , was a jumble of machines and wires and computers and a whiteboard which announced that the next experiment will occur at 9 pm . cass looked up at the round white clock which indicated it was only 7:44 pm . then he stared at the equations on the board and sneered ,  idiots ! just like in the dream . this will cause exponential resonance ! little black hole doubling in size every few seconds . end of the world in under a month . but oh , no . not on my watch ! i think it s your turn to shine , miss socksy .  newline newline old cass was laughing softly to himself as he slowly walked out of the burning room , merging in with the bored , tired students exiting their classes early due to the shrill tones of the fire alarm .she  s perfect , i think . long black hair , with silky smooth olive skin . her eyes speak to me whenever she does her make up . i love the way she perks her lips when she brushes her teeth to prevent the toothpaste leaking out of her mouth . she fails every time . newline newline i  ve been summoning the courage to say something to her . i  ve never been sure how to begin . do i just ask her if she wants to grab a coffee ? that  s silly . do i tell her that i  ve been watching her all this time ? she  ll think i  m a creep . but what choice do i have ? i  ve been stuck in this mirror for as long as i can remember . newline newline i remember meeting her for the first time . i was at the flea market with mrs. johnson . mrs. johnson was the only person i  ve ever talked to . she would talk to me about her husband davey every day . tell me stories about how they met , the time davey surprised her by buying her that bracelet she wanted . it was expensive , she said . he must have worked months to be able to afford it . newline mrs. johnson was getting old and told me that it  s time to find someone for myself . i kept telling her that it  s impossible for me to do that , being stuck in this mirror , but she wouldn  t have it . she believed in soul mates and told me it was time to meet my own . newline newline helen walked past by and spoke with mrs. jonson about this mirror of mine . i was hiding of course . mrs. johnson asked helen if she believed in soul mates . newline newline  of course i do   helen replied newline newline  good . i think you should take this mirror   mrs. johnson said . newline newline  how much are you asking for it ?   asked helen . newline newline  i  m not asking for money dear . i  m just asking that you take care of this mirror for me . it  s helped me a great deal after davey passed away . i think it will help you too . talk to it is all i ask . it  s a great listener   said mrs. johnson smiling at her . newline newline  thank you so much.   helen replied . newline newline mrs johnson looked right into the mirror looking for me . i didn  t make myself visible , but she saw right into my eyes . newline newline  goodbye michael , and thank you   mrs johnson said newline newline  i thought your husband  s name was davey   helen asked puzzled . newline newline  it was.   mrs johnson said smiling as she walked away . newline newline so here i am now . hanging in helen  s washroom . she does talk to me , like she promised mrs. johnson . she  s cried to me , laughed , yelled , screamed . i haven  t talked back to her . i  ve just been scared to . i  m afraid i will scare her and she  ll get rid of me . i  ve been feeling that way until now . newline newline she  s crying again . newline newline  i don  t get it . same shit every time . i don  t know what to do anymore . i don  t want to have to go through this again . it  s not worth it !  helen exclaims as she quickly grabs the scissors from the drawer . newline newline she grasps the scissors firmly , pulls her sleeve back forcefully to reveal her wrist and puts the scissors against it . she stops and stares at the mirror . i  m panicking . what do i do ? how do i stop her ? i appear . newline newline  stop !   i yell through the mirror newline newline she screams at me at the top of her lungs . she scares me and i scream too . we  re screaming at each other when all of a sudden she stops , drops the scissors and runs out of the washroom . newline newline i fucked up  i  m thinking . i had so many chances to appear to her and what do i do ? i chose to do it when she  s the most vulnerable and how do i do it ? i scream at her . great going michael ! the best i could hope for right now is that she  ll forget about it , thinking she imagined it and leave the mirror where it is . otherwise i  m screwed . i  m going to the junk yard . newline newline as i  m pacing and talking to myself i hear the door creek open . it  s helen . she slowly peaks through the door and stares at the mirror . she can  t see me now . newline newline  are you there ?   she asks . newline newline i don  t answer . newline newline  come on , i know you  re there . appear again !   she says loudly . newline newline i  m not stupid . i  m just going to shut my mouth . she  ll chuck the whole thing to imagination and i  m safe . newline newline  fuck , i must be going crazy !   she says . newline newline she approaches the mirror uneasily . touches it . i want to touch back , but i don  t . she then puts her head down and glances at the scissors she had dropped to the ground . she picks them up . looks at them and then her wrist again . she moves them closer to her wrist . newline newline  no , please don  t !   i say loudly newline newline she screams .  i fucking knew it !   she yells as she runs out of the washroom again . newline newline that  s it , i think . i  m now done . hello junk yard ! there  s no point hiding now . she knows . i don  t know what i  m going to do . newline newline she didn  t come back all night . did she brush her teeth , i wonder . she has beautiful white teeth and an amazing smile because of it . i miss her smile . she has two little dimples that form at the top of the ends of her mouth every time she smiles . her eyes glisten warmly every time she does . newline newline she hasn  t come to the washroom for 2 days now . i get worried . i start thinking if she  s alright . she had taken the scissors with her the last time she ran out . it dawns on me what may have happened . i want to yell after her when the washroom door opens . newline newline she doesn  t walk in . she stands behind the door . newline newline  are you there ? can you hear me ?   she asks . newline newline  yes , and yes   i reply . newline newline  who are you ?  she asks softly .  what are you ?  newline newline  i  m michael   i say . newline newline  michael ? !   she says in a confused tone .  as in the michael that the old lady at the market said goodbye to ?  newline newline  yes   i reply newline newline  but   she pauses .  how ?  newline newline i proceed to tell her my story . i tell her about the day at the flea market . i tell her about living with mrs. johnson . i say that i don  t remember anything prior to that and that i  ve always lived in this mirror . i tell her that i  ve been here and listened to everything she  s had to say . i explain how i  ve wanted so many times to speak with her , but i was afraid of scaring her . i was afraid of being completely left alone if she were to get rid of me . newline newline she comes into the washroom now . slowly looks up at the mirror . newline newline  why can  t i see you now ?   she asks . newline newline  because i  m hiding   i reply . newline newline  can i see you ?   she asks . newline newline i appear . she looks at me . i look at her too . newline newline  i  m sorry i screamed at you   she says . newline newline  i  m sorry i scared you   i reply . newline newline she smiles . i smile . newline newline we begin to spend time together more and more , now . i  m happy . she takes the mirror out to the living room from time to time . we talk there . she also takes it to the dining room where i watch her cook and spend time with her while she eats . newline it  s saturday morning . she was brushing her teeth and she tells me that she  s sad for me that i  m stuck in this mirror . i tell her that i don  t mind it . in fact , i can jump from mirror to mirror , so i  m not just stuck to this mirror . she jumps up , and tells me she  ll be back . she  s been gone for most of the day . it  s dark now . i get a little worried , when she walks in the washroom . newline newline  i have a surprise for you , michael   she says with a big smile on her face . newline newline  what is it ?   i ask . newline newline  i  ll show you   she replies . newline newline she proceeds to take the mirror out of the washroom into the living room . i  m shocked at what i see . newline newline there  s mirrors everywhere ! there is not a piece of wall that is not covered with mirror . she takes me through the hallway into the dining room and it  s the same . mirrors in the hallway , mirrors in the dining room . newline newline  do you like it ?   she asks . newline newline  i i don  t know what to say   i reply . newline newline  i  m not sure how to say it   says helen ,  but i figured this way you would be able to be everywhere i am  newline newline  i love it , helen . i  m so happy   i say . newline newline thank you mrs. johnson . newlinethe general stood before the queen . newline newline  we ca nt keep up the good guy routine , your highness . not if they keep fighting dirty ,  he said . newline newline she sighed .  what have they done now ?  newline newline  they ve taken over two more hives . we have word that they may have been working with the wasps this time .  newline newline  if only they knew what they were doing ,  the queen said .  we are the cornerstone of the global ecosystem . the world falls apart without us . they glut themselves on our honey with no thought to the consequences .  newline newline  the humans are helping ...  newline newline  swatting a hornet here or there is no solution to global warfare .  newline newline  i refer to the scientists , the environmentalists who would help save us . those who tell the other humans of our importance .  newline newline  it still wo nt be enough . they do nt know the real struggle we face .  newline newline  so we re on our own , then .  newline newline  yes , i m afraid so ,  the queen said .  fortify the defenses . it s only a matter of time before they come here .  newline newline   newline newline the hornets and wasps were massed near the beehive . the hornet leader , known only as the bastard , addressed them .  alright , you lot . you know what this is . the central hive . we get in here , and we ve got all the honey we want .  newline newline one of the wasps spoke up .  it s too well guarded . we ll lose too many .  newline newline the bastard was upon him . his massive stinger impaled the dissident wasp before he could react . newline newline  that is how swift we will be ,  the bastard said ,  how unforgiving . these bees  they re soft . hesitant . they do nt want to kill . how foolish of them .  newline newline the bastard turned to face the assembly , a horde of creatures with no purpose but to harm and steal from others . newline newline  one of us means nothing . this victory means everything . no more begging for scraps . we will be the kings of the world we were meant to be . now ... does anyone else have any concerns ?  newline newline there was silence . newline newline  alright , men . you know what to do . setting : ext : a small , rural town : 2012 a man in a suit walks purposefully along a deserted sidewalk . his face is grim and haggard . this is barack obama , president of the united states . newline newline a police cruiser pulls up alongside him . the lone occupant inside calls out from the car . this is brian dennehy , the town sheriff . newline newline brian :  can i help you ?  barack continues walking , not acknowledging the question . the car screeches to a halt . newline newline brian  louder  :  i said , can i help you , stranger ?  newline newline barack looks over and responds in a timid voice :  i m just going to grab a cup of coffee and a bite to eat .  newline newline brian :  not in my town . see , this here town is nice . it s quiet . it s peaceful . and it does nt need riffraff like yourself stirring up trouble . now i can give you a ride down 89 and drop you off at the border , and you can go along your way in peace .  newline newline barack  dropping eyes , muttering  :  look , i ve had a rough day with the campaign and all . i just want to get a hot bite and i ll be back on my way to d.c . i do nt want any trouble .  newline newline brian exits the car and approaches barack :  well , you got trouble now , boy .  newline newline brian lunges at barack and slams him to the ground , struggling to apply the handcuffs . newline newline barack  yelling  :  hey , you ca nt do this ! i m the president of the united states !  newline newline brian :  well , lateedah ! if you re the president , i guess that makes me the king of siam !  he finally gets the handcuffs to click . brian rummages through barack s pockets and finds his wallet . he pulls out a driver s license and reads off it . newline newline brian :  barack hussein obama . from illinois . boy , you re a long way from home , aintcha ?  newline newline barack :  please , this is a big misunderstanding . i m the president . ask anyone !  newline newline brian  chuckling  :  oh boy , we got a crazy person here . yknow , barack , i was starting to think this was going to be just another boring day . and here you come , and make it exciting ! i suppose i should thank you . thanks , obama !  newline newline newline thanks , obama newline newline thanks , obama newline newline thanks obama newline newline newline responding to a hidden trigger , barack s eyes light up in fury , and his body tenses . he reels his head back , breaking brian s nose with an audible crack , and sending him sprawling on the sidewalk . standing up , still handcuffed , barack looks around wildly , and starts running towards the nearby forest . newline newline newline scene : ext : dense woodlands several hundred members of local law enforcement are on their third day of hunting the fugitive . newline newline brian , still sporting a bandaged nose , stands by the radio . suddenly , an young trooper taps him on the shoulder . newline newline young trooper :  sorry , sir , but there s a bigwig from washington here to see you .  newline newline brian  annoyed  :  tell him we got it covered . we do nt need any of their help .  newline newline a tall , shadowy figure walks into the room , wearing a beret and smoking a cigarette . newline newline mysterious stranger :  on the contrary , officer , you need my help more than you realize . you re dealing with a man who you know nothing about . if you do nt accept my help , you and all your men will die !  newline newline the mysterious stranger walks into the light . he is old , white haired , and has an inappropriate smile . newline newline mysterious stranger :  the name is colonel joseph biden . let me talk to him . i ll bring him in . i fucking hate alarm clocks . newline newline i ve never owned one , let alone whatever this ancient relic is . i only need a schedule when i m whizzing off to some barnes and noble store to sign some of my works for adoring  and usually annoying  fans . and even then , my agent is on it when it comes to wakeup calls . newline newline so why in the fuck is this stupid alarm clock blaring in my ear ? ! how do i turn this off ? ugh . i might as well get up , even though no soul should have to wake at this ungodly hour . what the fuck . newline newline i m not even in my house . this is just strange . i know i fit the typical alcoholic author stereotype , but last night s bender must ve been one for the books . maybe someone spiked my drink . i knew hitting 20k followers on facebook was going to be the end of me . or maybe some sick new beginning . newline newline no matter , i ll just grab my iphone and get my agent to send a car . time to collect my things . newline newline i ve got this sequel to my last book , and the publisher wants to know how it s going . i ve reached a level of fame where the health of my works is more important than my own . wonderful . perhaps if i was nt such a bitter person , those who have to work with me might take more pity . no bother . i m  edgy .  fucking publishers . newline newline if it had nt been for abigail horowitz and her harrowing tale of escaping the nazi s medical experimentation , i would nt have this hangover . i would nt have this shitty deadline . i would nt have this stupid fucking alarm clock . whose apartment was this anyway ? newline newline i see someone has been collecting world war ii history . i must ve bedded some raucous redhead with a taste for my writing and the history channel . no matter now . i need to leave . where is my fucking phone ? newline newline i know abigail is just an extension of my feelings of helplessness . my therapist told me so . my therapist . jesus , sometimes i wish i was illiterate . scifi writing was never my thing , but the thought of a woman with nazigifted superpowers wreaking havoc on hitler and his cronies developed into a deep cathartic writing exercise . at least i do nt have to worry about money , right ? newline newline neither did this woman apparently . what is this ? this is ... it ca nt be . this is abigail s suit , down to the last detail . what in the actual fuck . i really stepped in it this time . if this bitch went through this much effort ... where is my phone ? ! newline newline i got ta piss . where is the bathroom in this joint . these doorknobs are old . she really went all out . in fact , this whole place looks like it walked right out of my book . newline newline this is it . aaaaaahhhh . there goes  200 worth of scotch . fuck , that feels good . wait , what ? ! what kind of sick fucking joke is this ? ! where is my dick ? newline newline no . this ca nt be real . i have to be dreaming ... i m ... a woman ? newline newline i must still be drunk . i need to lay down for a minute . i ve really done it this time . newline newline knock knock knock newline newline uh , what ? if i m quiet , maybe they ll go away . newline newline they re not going away , jack .  newline newline who was that ? what the fuck ? newline newline collect your thoughts , jack . you ll need them .  newline newline look , i do nt know who you are but get out of my head ! if you re gon na take up residence , at least give me some guidance here . newline newline abigail crossed the room hurriedly to the display case with her newest uniform .  newline newline i just want my phone , i want to call my agent , and i want to get back to la . newline newline  wissen sie , wie es ist , zu riechen dein fleisch brennt ? ich wei , sie tun .   newline newline no fucking way . this ca nt be real . newline newline throwing on the suit , abigail felt her bones strengthen . she was not going without a fight .  newline newline seriously , fuck this . newline newline  die tr ffnen .   newline newline where am i ? ! newline newline you know where you are , jack . sorry for lot s of cursing and the cringe worthy show of arrogance by the protagonist newline  you are special !  she said . newline  fuck yeah !  he said . newline  your offspring will be the savior of the world .  she said ... newline  oh yeah , definitely !  he said ... newline  the child will be the most amazing thing in the world !  newline  oh yeah !  newline  you will care for the child . you will be the greatest parent in the world .  newline  definitely !  newline  your child will be remembered as the savior of this universe and you will be the caretaker of the greatest human alive !  newline  awesome !  newline  you two will live through some of the toughest times but survive it all !  newline  like a true parentchild couple !  newline  you will die in the process !  newline  fuck ye ... wait , what ?  newline  constructive criticism welcome , you can check more of my stuff on my subreddit rxnine90 .she is drowning and this is a nightmare from which i can not wake . newline newline newline her lips turn blue . she reaches out to me as though through a fog of green . i turn away from her milkblind eyes . i can not wake . i can not wake . newline newline i dream of cool forests and pine needles crunching beneath my feet . behind me in the sea green lake she is drowning and i can not wake . i can not wake . newline newline newline the pillow is wet and she lies beside me , hair curling out like fronds of pondweed . the room is green in the dark cool of dawn . she is wet to the touch and her lips are blue and her eyes are white open . i am awake . i am awake . i am awake and she is drowned .typing this on my phone , so forgive any typos . i m hoping my battery does nt die , i ve been here since about 3am . i d call to get some help , but i do nt have any bars here , but i m close enough to my wifi to get a signal atm , so if anyone can contact my gf and let her know i m actually here and can see and hear her , that would be awesome . newline newline so i got up in the middle of the night to take a leak and in the fog of it being crazy early and me being half asleep , i completely forgot that we re in the new apartment , so instead of the bathroom being on the right side of the hall like it s been for the past few years , it s now on the left . newline newline long story short , i turned right and bumped straight into the part of the fridge that abuts the wall , and thinking for a moment that it was the bathroom door , just kinda nudged my way in  between  the fridge and the wall . what i thought was the bathroom door seemed to wobble really weirdly , but i got through . it really was nt until i noticed it was really dark and i could nt find the bathroom light that i noticed anything was off . turning around the way i came i could see the back of the fridge and a small sliver of light showing me the hallway beyond , but when i looked at the way i had just came , it was nothing but blackness . no floor , no ceiling , no walls , just black . newline newline i tried for a while to get back out the way i came in , but the slit between the fridge and the wall is only about 2 inches , and there s what feels like really strong glass between me and it , so i ca nt even touch the fridge . i can hear what s going on inside the apartment , but my gf ca nt seem to hear me , it s really weird . i m able to make my way above and below my apartment and if i move back far enough i can see inside all the rooms at once , but none of my neighbors  apartments or anything else . right now i m above my living room because it got me close enough to my router or modem  ca nt ever remember which does what  to get some wifi signal . i emailed my gf and told her what happened , but she does nt believe me and told me to stop messing around and pick up cheese while i m out . newline newline it s been a few hours now and she s starting to get pissed . i ve done some exploring of this area i m in , but i ve got to keep the apartment in view or i d just be completely lost as to my direction up , down or otherwise because it s nothing but black out here . i ve only gone far enough away to see my entire apartment about the size of a postage stamp , before i freaked out and made my way back . newline newline anyways , if someone can pass on the message , that would be great . my phone is about to die , because i started googling  how to get back in the apartment if you slip outside of it accidentally  and before i knew it i was on reddit and tvtropes and ... well you know how that goes . newline newline thanks ! newline newline squeak eepy peep peep squeak ! ! !  newline  i can t understand you..  lewis tuning was sick of his pal muckin around newline  haha just kidding wiht you  mickymouse sadi wtih a cheeky grin . his owner named him mickeymouse yeasr ago . those days were over newline newline humans do not know that when theyh do not look mice have their own lanauge , oh yes those little squeaks and squawks we are so used to hearing are acutally an intricate lamnguage as intricate as shakespears very own english ! ! ! ! ! newline newline  yuo fricken lookyhead you re gonan get us both wound up ! ! ! !  newline  haha sorry  mickymoses said with a cheeky cheeky grin , even thogh he missed his master and best friend . it had been 13 years newline newline  are oyu still sad about your master , jamie , mickeymouse ?  lewis asked . he chose his own name lewis , most mice his age did when they did not have masters like jamie had micekymouse newline newline  i hope these fucking sheidls and swords are fgood  newline newline newline pounce ! ! it was over faster than a little mouses heart beat  450750bmp  , and when the smoke cleared ... ! there was nothing left but some dusty old mouse bones and the hop of tomorrow laid strewn in the mucky landing but their distraction let the rest of the mice go free . newline newline and they lived for a hundred yearswe walk along the cracked roads that used to be at the bottom of the pacific ocean . the bones of great beasts rise up around us . they are ghosts , haunting our footsteps . my boy tries to pick at some of them , grabbing a piece of white when he can . he breaks them down like i taught him , fashioning knives so sharp and hard they can go straight through a man s heart . newline newline we find the girl crouched near a towering gray reef . she hides behind the holes and gaps , her gray eyes watching us pass . newline newline she follows us for miles , trying to hide her scent . my boy opens his mouth , i motion at him to stop talking . newline newline we continue on until i decide it s time to make camp for the night . newline newline  are we close , mother ?  he asks . newline newline i shake my head , kneeling while i start the fire . newline newline  he s still a very long way away .  newline newline  will we kill him then ? the bad man who drank the world ?  newline newline  yes .  we do nt have much in the way of food but we have enough . there are still animals to kill . water is what we lack . our lips chap . our skin shrinks . we are husks , walking towards the sun . newline newline the girl attacks as i twist the spit over the fire . she goes for my back . smart . newline newline i turn , slicing at her face with my bone knife . she s younger than i thought . her cheeks sink into her chin . her eyes are holes burning and empty . newline newline she has a knife too . not as fine as mine but it manages to nick my arm . my boy aims for the back of her ankles as i taught him . once she s down i slice her throat so she bleeds out quickly . her eyes never change . even in death , they are ablaze . newline newline i take her water . she wo nt need it anymore . newline newline my boy watches as i strip her of everything else she carries . newline newline  are we the bad people ?  he asks . newline newline  not yet ,  i answer .  not yet . i always carried a knife for self defense , today i saw a man shoot a homeless person and run off . as i called police waiting for them to come , the homeless man stood up . he was clearly dead , the blood was all over his shirt , he was shot in the neck . the blood was nt even flowing anymore , clearly the heart had stopped , yet he was standing there . as he launched at me , i grabbed my knife and stabbed him in the eye . newline newline however i knew what it looked like to the crowd surrounding me . they heard the shot , but did nt see who fired it , all they saw was me stabbing the man . police were already exiting their cars and moving toward me . newline newline  get on the ground !  it looked bad , i was nt going to go to prison for this no matter the cost . i pulled out the knife from my pocket once again .  drop the knife ! get down on the ground !  the knife had blood on it , i dropped it and reached inside the pocket again . newline newline a particularly young officer trying to show off took a chance to assert himself . he rushed me from the side of my pocket , i could see him going for a tackle . my hand was holding on to the piece of brain the knife extracted from the eye socket .  down !  he yelled , his mouth just open enough for me to stick my fingers in it with that piece of brain . newline newline i fell , he fell on top of me , then quickly stood up and bit off a piece of his partner . i hate mondays .the clink of chains . the rustle of cloth . the slow and labored breathing . newline newline jacob lifted his head .  i recognize that sound .  he lifted a finger and pointed .  show yourself .  newline newline death materialized . white eyes glowed from behind the shadow of the cloak .  hello , jacob .  the voice was raspy , words escaping like steam from a broken valve . newline newline jacob smiled .  i was wonderin  when you were gon na come . i ve met everybody else . you were the last .  newline newline fleshless hands slowly moved the cloak until it rested on broad shoulders .  i am the first and the last . i am the end of all .  newline newline jacob inhaled sharply .  i had nt realized how gruesome you looked .  he laid his head back and exhaled slowly .  i think i m about ready , anyway . i ca nt feel my fingers anymore . yknow , you were always my favorite character .  jacob chuckled .  you were the only constant in all of my stories . you never faltered in your mission , yknow . you had a job and you done it . always .  newline newline  yes . i enjoyed it all .  newline newline  i did too .  jacob blinked away a tear .  i think i m ready , man . come on .  newline newline death extended a hand , a finger made of bone gently caressing jacob s forehead . jacob shuddered . death lowered his hand and patted jacob gently on the leg .  i do not have that power .  newline newline  what ?  newline newline death s face was still , eyes glowing .  i have the power to end all . i come for everybody in the end , but i do not have the power to kill that which created me .  newline newline jacob grunted .  then it was a pleasure . goodbye .  newline newline death pulled a paper and an inked quill from his robe .  you must finish the story . give me the power , and i will take you home .  newline newline  give it to me .  jacob extended his hand . he watched as his fingers closed awkwardly around the quill pen .  i ca nt feel it . you will have to do it .  newline newline death rested his hand over jacob s .  we will do it together .  newline newline the scratch of the quill against paper was the only sound in the room . finally , jacob sighed and laid his head back .  the end ,  he said .  fitting , is nt it ?  newline newline death pulled the cloak over his head .  it is a fitting end .  he placed his hand over jacob s face .texan here , this is a good prompt newline newline          newline newline  houston , the eagle has landed .  newline newline  roger that , check your oxygen levels .  newline newline  check , holding at 81.2 percent 8 1 point 2 percent and holding  newline newline  roger . you are ago for your walk . have a nice stroll .  newline newline  roger that .  newline newline the white suited man kind of wiggles and struggles awkwardly out of the shuttle , the gravity being a novel experience after a sixmonth trip . newline newline that s one small step for a man , one giant leap for mankind  kind of a nod to the union , seeing as they made it to the moon first , but now their words were being used for the for the first walk on mars . newline newline my feet touched down into the powder . a bit more behaved than moon dust it seemed . newline newline i pulled the flag off the lander , and raised it far above my head . i pulled it down into the ground . little bits of dust flew and settled . the flag waved slightly as the thin atmosphere tugged at it . newline newline  ai nt that a sight !  i said . newline newline the man behind me jumped down and whistled .  man , if that is nt the most beautiful thing i have ever seen , then i do nt even know .  newline newline  copy that  houston interrupted . newline newline  the stars at night are big and bright . . .  i started . newline newline  deep in the heart of mars !  freeman finished . newline newline we grinned .  nothin like it !  newline newline  captain jackson , freeman , do nt forget why you are there . grab some rocks before your tank runs dry .  newline newline  copy that houston . come on freeman , we got a man s job to do ! and do nt forget to rub it in the union s face !  newline newline and thus the space race continued . with the union , the confed , euro , and ussr still in contention , it seemed it would go on for a while . we might have our differences , but that why we wanted to beat each other to the next planet . newline newline  sir yes sir ! as i sat in the dim light of my small london apartment i considered the idea i had formulated over the past two weeks . i had been trying to find my big break as a writer for a while now , so it was about time that i actually started writing a book . the idea was simple . newline a very successful author decides to try and enter the mind of a young , poor minimum wage worker trying to make a name for himself as a writer in any way that he can . as the story progresses the author becomes obsessed with her own creation , constantly trying to figure out what his next move is . she starts reading over some of her old work and seeing how her writing style developed over the years and trying to have that come across in her character but she ca nt seem to make it happen . he never seems to improve , always at this bland , ordinary level . she ca nt make the words dance across the page as she did so easily when she wrote her first series . that was 7 books , and now she ca nt write even a single page without hating the words she s written down . she starts to hate this character , hating his writing , his style , even the story he s trying to write is terrible . she blames him for everything going wrong with what she is trying to create . her hatred becomes so intense and so real that she starts to see him in different places around town . often just a glimpse as he walks onto the bus or leaves a shop into a busy street or as he closes the door to his old apartment building . as i neared the end of the novel i had figured out the end of it . the author would kill the man she thought was the writer and her fate undetermined . one would obviously assume that she would be caught and charged with murder but there was always that bit of doubt that she might have gotten away with it . pretty intense right ? got ta love a downward spiral into madness . newline i finished the book around 5pm . it was a tuesday . heavy overcast as per usual in london . i had spent the morning considering the idea that every book written creates a new reality where the events in that book really happen . i had considered the fact that i may be sending a mentally disturbed woman to a lifetime in jail but i quickly realized how silly the idea was . how could that really be true ? how could someone like me create a whole new reality ? but , alas , as i left my old apartment building to get some dinner i realized that i did nt only ruin a person s life , but i also killed a young man trying to make a name for himself . i realized that around the same time that jk rowling fired a bullet into my skull .dear diary , the world has so many aspects , and almost all of them are full of uncertainty . my country seems to teeter on the brink of insanity , and i fear that soon it will be too late for us to do anything about it . i have made a list of the only things i know to be fact , and i know that if i cling to these values , we stand a chance . maybe if somehow my people can understand the truth that i see in these statements , it is nt too late to make my country great again . newline 1  foreign religion , specifically islam , is the embodiment of evil and should not be allowed in our country . newline 2  everyone south of the border are rapists and lazy mexicans newline 3  donald trump is our saviour and only hope for the country .journal entry  30  date unknown newline newline  success  newline newline there exists another layer to our world . a red tinged fabric that separates the ethereal from the real . it is a network of threads that neither begins nor ends , but rather connects us all . newline newline an infamous trader in egypt  s black market , who henceforth will be called  horus  son ,  presented the  device  in question to us after a colleague of ours died while using it . newline newline he gave it to us free of charge , simply stating that ,  he needed to.  newline newline sampson wanted to sell the item off to a museum , but i found myself unable to part with the device . when i put it on and first laid eyes on the invisible layer of our world , i realized the untapped potential of the device . perhaps ,  realize  is the wrong word . it was as though the thought had been injected into my mind , without my permission . though , i didn  t hear another voice speak it . i knew it , in the same vein as knowing my own name . newline newline the device was old , resembling goggles . made of leather , with two thin , black stones acting as  lenses  . i took it into the lab , cautiously removed the stones and replaced them with glass . then nothing . sampson said that i was unresponsive , and apparently i was moving mechanically . afraid , he left me to my own devices in the lab for the night , and upon returning the next morning he found me still tinkering with the device in the lab as though i had never stopped . newline newline the device no longer resembles what it once was . all that remains of the original are the thin , black stones that are now attached to glass lenses . newline newline we have tested it thoroughly , and as far as i can see , there is much work to be done . while wearing the device , one no longer can merely see the threads of this extraneous layer of existence . you may  ride  them now . what will you find at the end of a single thread ? a person . if you continue to ride the thread  into  the person , you can see life through their eyes , but you can also watch their actions from a third person pointofview  simultaneously . newline newline it  s more than that , i believe . it feels as though you have become part of the person , but have not quite relinquished your actual self . you are simultaneously yourself and a small part of their subconscious . newline newline just hours ago i discovered a thread that was connected to two people , two lovers . i was them , for however long i wanted to be . newline newline it was summer . the pale moon was high above us . we kissed . we were in love . and it was real . a hot breeze passed through us , and the rest of the world melted away with every orgasmic shiver of our spines . newline newline newline newline newline newline newline journal entry  50  date unknown newline newline  audio with apologies , having not seen gravity falls , grunkle s place with be taken by liono and the fourth seat by archer . newline newline  newline newline  i burp ... i do nt understand why your sidekicks gets to move around and fetch drinks while morty has to sit in this chair behind me and not move .  newline newline batman kept his cool as rick once again interrupted him .  robin is a servant of justice  he is trained to be honest and true , regardless of the circumstance , he would never cheat on my behalf . on the other hand , we all heard you telling your sidekick on the way in to try to get a good view of our cards and to tell you who was winning .  newline newline liono s booming voice rang out in agreement .  and snarf is my manservant , dedicated to my needs . if he was not here then who would serve me this delicious robear berbil juice ?  newline newline snarf rolled his eyes .  i keep telling you it s whisky liono and you  re drinking a lot ! snarf snarf .  newline newline  and i keep telling you to shut your damn mouth and bring me another glass .  liono was becoming drunk and belligerent and the small cat looked increasingly unhappy . newline newline  jesus christ if i d knows we were allowed to being someone to serve drinks i would have brought cyril ... or woodhouse , if he was nt dead . can we stop fucking around and actually play some damn cards ? i m supposed to be on a mission and so far it would probably be more fun that sitting here with you five .  newline newline  snarf snarf .  was muttered from the corner causing archer to spin in his seat . newline newline  no , i did mean five and you dont get counted . sentient cats are not people .  he turned back to find liono sitting with his arms crossed .  well , obviously you count as you re in human form , it s just your little ... oh fuck you re going to hit me are nt you ?  newline newline batman began flicking cards across the table as liono and archer rolled around on the floor trying to choke each other and rick took the opportunity to stand and grab a bottle from the bar . he cracked his knuckles .  so , what re we playing then ? gin ? whist ? go fish ?  newline newline a muffled sound came from under the table  thumber , thunger , thunderbat huuooo  a briught red light suddenly filled the room and archer screamed in pain . newline newline  no fair , fight like a man , or half cat or whatever .  slowly the two dragged themselves out and sat back on their chairs . newline newline batman had sat patiently all this time and now took the chance to start .  five card stud gents , let s go .  around the table the cards were peaked at and betting began . newline newline all four around the table bet freely and soon more than half the money was in the middle . archer looked down at his cards and shrugged .  fuck it , all in . why not .  newline newline liono gazed for a few minutes and then followed suit .  i believe i have you beaten , catracist .  newline newline  oh yeah , you think so ?  rick had been watching the table carefully .  well i have all you chumps beat .  he pushed his money into the middle too . newline newline batman smiled a thin smile and wordlessly pushed his chips in as well and then turned to archer and gestured for him to lay down . with a smile archer lay down a straight , but liono cried in joy and threw down a flush . newline newline rick slowly let his hand down and showed off his hand , four queens and the group turned to batman . finally smiling he lay them down one at a time . ten through ace of clubs , a royal flush . newline newline there was a moment s silence as the table absorbed it before rick shook his head .  i ca nt believe i let you have prep time with the cards  batman shook his head but the table was flipped out of the way . newline newline batman looked around at the advancing angry faces and then disappeared in a plume of smoke , the faint sound of his voice just carrying his last words .  because i m batman ...   newline newline  newline newline archer woke with a start and looked around . he was still on stakeout , waiting for the armenian arms dealers . batman comics , thundercat toys and a portable tv sat around him like a shrine . he shrugged , pulled a bottle of whisky open with his teeth and drank deeply .the flashing red of the words game over : extinct floated in front of my tired eyes , taunting me . i had seen this same screen of failure seven different times today so far . newline newline anger overcoming my sense , i tore the virtual reality goggles off my face and cursed loudly as i threw it onto the couch . glaring at the black set of lenses for a few seconds , i turn my attention instead to the blank white wall behind the couch and focused on breathing in and out deeply a few times in order to steady myself . newline newline my roommate walked into the room right as i repeated this out loud . he paused mid step , staring at me for a second before collapsing into laughter .  so did you beat the game yet champ ?  chuckles chad mockingly . newline newline i glare at him for a second before shuffling over to sit down next to the goggles . picking them up and holding them gingerly in one hand , i shake my head silently . newline newline cackling while he moves to sit next to me , chad reached over to take the goggles from my hands so he could see my stats for my games today . newline newline  i guess i was right and you were wrong about those humans huh kid ?  newline newline he likes to call me kid even though he s only 91 years older than me . as if that makes a big difference . but it made him feel good and i  m the kind of guy that others might call a pushover . but i didn  t think of myself that way . i just like to help people . newline newline shaking my head slowly while i keep my gaze on the goggles i reply ,  no humans are just more difficult than the other races.  newline newline  that basically what i said !  he snorts in derision . newline newline  no ,  i remind him .  you said that they it was impossible to get humanity to survive once they industrialized.  newline newline  was i wrong ? this data shows that you lost every single game less than 500 years after global industrialization.  he says looking up from the goggles . newline newline i incline my head as i consider every game and what went wrong . newline newline  i did that  s true but humanity is the most difficult for good reason.  newline newline chad laughs out loud at this .  how can you possibly say that ? ! every species in the game has been known to be able to colonize the entire galaxy in the hands of the right player.  newline newline i reply quietly ,  yea chad i know but  newline newline he continues as if i hadn  t spoken .  every one of thousands of different species have been known to do this . except for humanity . the best anyone had done so far in terms of exploration was able to get to their planet earth  s moon.  newline newline i reply a little more loudly ,  yes chad i  m aware but  newline newline  they  re just stupid bro don  t worry about them . they  re hopeless and  newline newline i  m almost shouting in frustration as i try to get my point in ,  they are not hopeless.  newline newline chad looks at me as if really seeing me for the first time . i don  t continue , wary that he will interrupt again or fly off the handle . but he nods and simply says ,  explain.  newline newline newline i look down into my twelve fingers folded into my lap as i struggle to think how i can explain what i believe effectively to someone who does not believe the same . this is why i liked being roommates with chad though . he could be obnoxious at times due to his overbearing manner but he knew how to listen and was especially always willing to listen to another  s side of their story . newline newline  ok its like this . humanity is a race of newborns . they bump into each other with their eyes closed . they fight because of this , thinking that everyone else does what they do on purpose or to spite them . they are the center of their own universe with a very poor concept of time . really , they are all just infant s looking for a home.  newline newline  that  s very beautiful and all ,  sneered chad ,  but what about their obsession with war ?  newline newline  i don  t know if obsession is the right word wellmaybe you re right on that count . to be blunt with myself , they do have an average conflict rate per capita 400  above the average galactic guideline . they will fight over anything and have only ever gone to war with themselves ! how silly really.  newline newline  give them religion and tell them to love and they will fight over which god is better.  nods chad agreeingly . newline newline  that isn  t a bad thing necessarily ,  i reply .  they are a fierce people who believe strongly enough to give their life for causes much more often than the average galactic guideline . i find that kind of courage admirable.  newline newline  or just bloodthirsty and stupid.  snorts chad pejoratively . newline i reply calmly ,  they may not be as intelligent as other similarly aged species . but humanity is more creative than any other species we  ve modeled by far . they would rather interpret their world through many different languages and mediums . hell , the galaxy wouldn  t have art as it exists today if it weren  t for humanity . they may destroy the only planet that they exist on and treat large portions of their population with disdain but i believe that unfathomable goodness exists within every human being . for every depravity that they embody at the same time they give us creations of unimaginable beauty . i have hope for humanity.  newline newline  dude its just a game.  newline newline  you re right ,  i reply ,  i need to do something else , let  s order pizza : their greatest creation.  newline newlinei stared at the cellphone suspiciously .  time machine  was stamped on the back , into the plastic . it looked , well it looked cheap . i scoffed at the obvious toy , but curiosity got the better of me . i opened the flimsy screen of the flip phone to see that there were three options  1 . activate 2 . set timedestination 3 . informationinstructions . choosing the third option , i skimmed through noticing some key points . 1 . any action that will alter the present in a way to make the user not exist , or so fundamentally different as to not be the same person , will be stopped forcefully . 2 . using this device has been shown in the state of california to be extremely cancerous . 3 . temporary blindness is not unusual . newline newline after those last two points i almost instinctively threw the device down . once again , however , curiosity got the better of me . after dialing the  number  for where i wanted to go , i briefly pondered how the future should be able to fix my wildly cancerous body after making the trip . the phone started ringing and an automated voice prompted   you have 3 uses left on your travel plan , your current destination is 200 years into the future , this costs 2 usage points . do you accept ?  i roll my eyes at the  clever  use of  usage points  but think to my self that i can surely get more once in the future .  i accept  newline newline newline holy ... fuck . my gut felt like it was going ripped from my belly button . my lungs were coming out of my chest and my brain was on fire . brilliant light dazzled my eyes before searing them in pain and heat . i watched as my fingertips began to melt away and my skin began to slough off . i screamed in agony before my lungs and through were seared shut , and the blindness overcame me . newline newline  hey buddy  newline newline  buddy !  newline newline my eyes slid open and light washed over them . i figure stood above me , an angel ? newline newline  buddy , your gon na have to get off the side walk !  the figure fussed . more light began to wash in and my brain started to fit more information into the picture . newline newline  what happened ?  i asked weakly . newline newline  buddy , look . my kids got ta go to school , and i dont want them seeing some druggy in the street , ok  newline newline i slowly crawled to my feet and began shuffling away from the upset man . i almost fell before catching myself on a building wall , then promptly spilled my lunch on the sidewalk . newline newline what happened ? i thought to myself , was that a dream ? suddenly my cell rang and i pulled out my smart phone . it was silent , it was a different phone . i patted my pockets to find a small flipphone in the opposite pocket . a man walks out from behind the alley way and offers to explain it all inside his orientation office . i noticed that he was a little bedraggled , but he had a suit on , and gave me a business card , so i accepted . newline newline looking around on the way to my guides office was astounding . everything looked alien . sure there were some older things , but the new things were insane ! as we went to his office i noticed a newspaper for sale , headline   mayor seeks to clean up drug use in the street , and lower taxes in hopes of reelection  dated , dated november 5th 2770 . 754 years . 754 years ? what happened to 200 ? did it fail ? newline newline we stepped into the mans office and he sets me down . the man walked over to the other side of the desks and sat down with a sigh of the weary . a gun came out and we locked eyes . newline newline  look , kid , this is how things are gon na be , i ve locked the doors , so its just you and me , ok ?  the man rasped newline newline  what happened ? i chose 200 years , now i am here , and why do you have a gun !  the words poured from my mouth in a mix of panic , confusion , and denial of the situation . newline newline  kid , is nt it obvious , it was a fake , a one way ticket here , to me . do you think people just leave time devices laying around for the unenlightened masses to stumble on to ? no , i planted that there , so some fool can blunder his way through time and mess up the entire timeline .  newline newline  it said that ... .  newline newline  it said that the timeline was protected , yea , but its only one device , you can set it down and kill your grandpa . the protected idea is just to get a hit on a pay .  newline newline  a pay ?  newline newline  kid ...  newline newline  landon  newline newline  look kid , there is no need to make this personal . i want to know as little about you as possible , i only want to know how to get into your savings account .  newline newline  savings account ? why ? newline newline  its been over 700 years since you touched the money in there , interest is bound to be pretty nice .  newline newline fearing for my life , i pulled out my wallet and give him the information for my bank . newline newline  thanks kid , no hard feelings .  newline newline he then reached down and picked up the gun , leveled it at me , and shot me in the chest .when i first started this business , i knew i was different from the rest who were in it . where others had ambition and dreams , i was one with the shadows , there to corrects the wrongs . they wanted to take over the world and steal men s souls . i merely wanted to pick locks . newline newline the moonlight was bright when i first broke in to the prison . plain gray bricks littered my sights , asides from the occasional cell . hastily , i made my way to my destination . to a certain cell that contained a certain someone . he was ken , a not so infamous supervillain . only problem with his role was that he got caught . newline newline he looked up as i got close toward the steel bars that barricaded him from the outside . the moonlight got dim , and i saw that he had eyes of one who had accepted his fate . newline newline  hello ken . it s a very lovely night we have here .  newline newline  that is true . tell me , is it the end for me ?  newline newline  it is not . take a look around .  newline newline  what do you mean ?  newline newline  i m a friend of yours . the guards were unguarded .  newline newline  who .. are you ?  newline newline  i m the keymaster .  newline newline newline newline newline newline newline they are nt ready .  newline newline  we ve been saying that for hundreds of years , when are we going to give them a chance ?  newline newline  we did give them a chance , and they blew it . we even gave them a fresh start and they somehow managed to make it look worse than before .  newline newline each individual held their apendages over their debate light as everyone in the room expected to see red lights forming under the different types of hands , claws , and webs . newline newline  they we re added to the roster . they deserve an analysis  newline newline  okay let us run the simulation ...  newline symbols started flying around the screen and a graph of potential growth and statistics appear . newline newline  they ve been evolving at an exponentially fast rate , no ?  newline yes . as the graph had shown in the last trisector the homo sapiens known as  human s  have grown considerably large and more intelligent than in years before , but the rate had changed . newline unlike any other life form , humans were actually beginning to devolve . newline newline  well this changes everything .  newline newline  you do nt think ?  newline newline  it may be possible . class 3 s can be admitted into the summit , but they must maintain their status to stay free . otherwise recently demoted class 4 s have been authorized to become slaves for the united fleet . newline newline  they are the only species we can count on to devolve . look at how they bicker about the one they call god .  newline are they really that blind ?  newline newline  it is true , they do fight amongst eachother for stupid reasons . what if they take the knowledge we give them and start improving again ?  newline newline  let s face it this species is a lost cause . they re so lazy , and aggravated . very few of them have the intelligence we re looking for.  newline the room was filled with clamor . it was time to decide . newline the lights shone through dimly underneath their covers . until they were revealed . it was a 50  to 50  tie . finally the eldest spoke , newline  we must send agent harambe to test the durability of their species at young ages before we make further decisions ouch . newline newline achara lets the aching throb in her head pound . she could nt remember how she got to where she was . she could nt even tell where she was . all achara could see was the too white tiles of a floor . newline newline a ... floor ? where is she ? newline newline achara wiggles all of her fingers and toes just like her mother taught her . she carefully moves her arms and legs . nothing felt off , just her pounding head , so she decides to sit up . newline newline the floor leads more tiles on the wall . it iss a bright white as well and just as shiny . achara looks behind her . there was a door , and a ... toilet ? newline newline she looks up to a shower head . there is a drain next to her foot . to her left is a sink and mirror . newline newline achara is in a bathroom . great . now what ? newline newline she carefully dabs at the spot where her head hurt the most and pulls back her fingers to see ... nothing . good . she knows that head wounds can look worse than they really are , but there is something unsettling about seeing your own blood pour from your own head . achara knows this . she knows this too well . newline newline achara closes her eyes . how did she know this ? newline newline she tries to remember . she tries to think back to her memories , but she ca nt remember at all . the only thing she can recollect is her name , achara leekpai , and that s it . newline newline she groans . all of this ... not remembering she was doing is hurting her head . she gingerly holds her head , hoping some pressure will relieve the pain . suddenly , there s a knock on the door . a jolt of pain pierces her skull . achara holds it in . newline newline  miss achara leekpai ?  a voice says .  you re expected to be on stage soon . are you ready ?  newline newline  wh ... what ?  achara mutters . newline newline  you sound disoriented ... are you okay ? is it okay if i come in ?  the owner of the voice does nt wait for an answer to come in . the being has on a pair of flip flops , tight black leggings , and a baggy sweatshirt . her hair is rolled into a messy sock bun . a dual headset covers on of her ears , the microphone directly in front of her mouth , and a clipboard with many papers is in her hands . newline newline achara could only stare at her . a giant set of wings protrudes from her back .  oh , my goodness gracious !  the angel exclaims . she walks over , discards the clipboard , and starts fussing with achara s hair .  something terrible must ve happened to you ! i m so sorry , doll . you re much too pretty to be dead .  newline newline  ddead ?  achara mutters . she expects to wince everytime angels bumps the sorest spot , but it magically starts to heal . the pain fades away . newline newline  yes , you re dead ,  the angel repeats .  did nt you ... oh , my goodness gracious ! no one s explained anythi   newline newline she falls into silence when a small , blue light starts flashing on her headset . she presses a button and talks to someone .  i can , but this is your job , todd !  she says angrily into the microphone before taking it off completely . it now hangs around her neck . newline newline the angel takes a deep breath before addressing the girl in front of her .  sorry about that , doll . my name is tasia  i m an angel . usually , we are nt so rude to the recently deceased , but , i m sorry . you re dead .  newline newline tasia the angel pauses to let the news sink in . achara thinks about it . she is dead . she is dead , but still conscious . that s good , she thinks . but if she is dead , that raises the question of how she died . newline newline how did she die ? should nt someone remember something like that ? or is it too traumatic for someone to remember . newline newline ah , ha ! but she did remember something : the fact that the human body sometimes copes by repressing traumatic memories . that s a good start . newline newline but ... does that actually count ? she knows the head wounds are blood gushers , but she does nt remember how , why , when , or where she learned it . newline newline so , this , must mean knowledge is not equated with memories . newline newline pleased with her recent discoveries , achara nods .  if i may ask , how did i die ?  newline newline tasia gives her a small smile .  you see , we host a game show called naaaame youuur deeeath .   she stretches out the syllables like an announcer would .  if you can guess the exact circumstances of your death , you win special prizes .  newline newline  oh ,  achara replies . just a simple oh  . she thinks . now that the pain in her head is fully numbed , it s easier to think . achara closes her eyes . special prizes sound nice . she always like winning things ... who did nt ? she is dead , so she d certainly have a lot of time to pass . prizes could pass that time . this is heaven , after all . there is an angel here . she did nt have to worry . newline newline achara opens her eyes , first spotting the tile on the ground . the floor of the shower . she looks up at tasia . newline newline  okay , i ll play ,  she responds ,  but why are we in a bathroom ?  you !  the voice said behind alex as he sat at his small desk . he looked up and turned around , seeing the familiar face of jayden crow . jayden was nt a big doer , he as more of a thinker , knew where myne kept all of their supplies , where it would be best to strike . alex liked jayden , even considered capturing him and taking him appart of his personalized protection squad , but now was not the time to be thinking of such things , jayden had a gun in his hand . newline newline  oh , hello jayden , why are you here so late ?  alex said standing up . newline newline  because  jayden smiled under his exhausted breaths  i know who you are  newline newline alex squinted his eyes and looked suspiciously at jayden  oh , and who am i ?  alex wanted to know if jayden was really as smart as he said he was . newline newline  you are the overlord  he pointed the gun at alex , who did nt even flinch . newline newline  carful boy , i have been on this side of the gun more times than you have been on that end  alex opened up a toothy smile as he walked over to the now shaking gun .  what evidence do you have ?  newline newline a waiver was heard within jayden s voice  you send out a signal , before every announcement , five minutes before to be exact  jayden checked his watch  and if i m right your next announcement should be about land colonization of toxic america  newline newline as if he had prophesied it the large screen outside the abandoned warehouse lit up , and started droning on . alex looked at the cover that hid his face , the distinct metal mask paired with the ominous voice distorter . newline newline  then who is recording that if i am right here ?  alex asked , smiling as he approached jayden . newline newline  it s ... .it s prerecorded , when you go away on your week long disspareance you record these for the next few months . i should know , you detailed it all in your file  alex had no idea jayden was a hacker . newline newline  intresting , so you found a way into some of the most secured files in all of myne  alex took another step forward  i m glad all of that knowledge payed off in the end  newline newline in one swift motion , alex slammed his fist into jayden s face . jayden did nt even have time to pull the trigger before he fell to the ground . alex reached over with his hand and snatched the gun out of midair and turned it around to the man lying on the floor . newline newline  i hate to do this to you , but you know too much  alex cocked the gun . newline newline  just one thing before you kill me  jayden said , sitting up  why ?  newline newline  because i wanted to remain in control  alex looked at jaydens chest  a dictatorship will rise up out of this rebellion , maybe even worse than mine . it has happened time before , and it will happen again . people are corrupt and i want to use that system to my advantage  jayden smiled and prepared for the shot . newline newline he heard the gun click , but no bullet , or not one he could see at least . when he had opened his eyes alex was gone and the gun was on the ground . jayden checked the recording device he had within his pocket and saw the red light not blinking . damn he thought , getting up and peering out of the window into the warehouse floor . newline newline  i m leaving now ,  alex said walking out of the front door .  see you later jayden , i know you are still here  alex smiled his signature smile and closed the door behind him . jayden smiled as he saw the emp blaster alex had left behind .i stood at the entrance to the behemoth building . practically overnight the thing sprung up and ever since , the place was under construction . it had added wings that had no right to be a part of the same building , art covered walls on some , creepy weird things on others , everything had writing on it . newline newline i would have turned around but the emptiness in my wallet and the current land lady has pushed me to this place . i gulped and opened the door . instantly the hassle and noise from inside overwhelmed me . i was nt sure where to look , there were no directions , no apparent rules . i looked back only to realize the door i came in through was gone . i started going down the hall , reading the writing on the walls , seeing the pictures practically on top of each other . there were cats everywhere , pics , videos , gifs , even a cat drawn out of text . newline newline  what is this place ?  newline  hello there , my name is moderator , but you can call me mod  newline i knew this guy was important as his name tag was a different colour . newline  yeah i heard that i can get a place here and i do nt have to pay for it ?  newline  of corse , you can live here , no money required .  newline  so i can stay here forever and not pay anything ? newline  not quite , the payment for your stay is nt money but you do have to pay .  newline  wait are you the devil ? are you taking my soul ? i knew all the writing and the cat photos were works of madmen  the words just spilled out of me .  you ll never take my soul  newline newline it took a while for mod to answer , clearly stunned at the outraged man before him . newline  do you not have internet ? have you not heard of reddit ?  newline  i think i have , every time i post on facebook , people say they have seen it on reddit already .  newline  well this place is the physical version of reddit , you can stay here as long as you can , post things on the walls , if others like it , you can stay .  newline  there is a lot of garbage here , is this some kind of a homeless shelter ?  newline  no dude , homeless people do nt have wifi . and i ll get through all the garbage eventually . once you get good at this place , you might get promoted to help me  newline  sweet , do i get paid ?  newline  i ll give you a hardy handshake  newline  ok , so about the apartment , how does that work .  newline  let s go see  newline newline going through the hallways , all the doors were unique , some were even gold plated . instead of numbers , doors had letter combinations , not all of them made full words , not all appropriate . i saw a little alien looking creature with an antenna on it s head . mod saw it and called out . newline newline  blue , can you get a room for this gentleman here ?  newline  sure thing boss  newline newline we got to the stairs and i started wondering what floor i was going to be on . newline newline  is there an elevator in this place or can i get a place that s not too high up , i had an injury back in high school and i m not a fan of stairs .  newline newline mod did nt say anything , he started walking down the stairs . newline newline  what , the basement ? addicts live in the basement  newline newline you can hear mods eyes roll as he continued walking down the stairs . i realized that i was not going to live in just the basement after about 5 floors down . everything started to get grey and bland . i almost began to miss the walls covered in text and art . 23 floors down , was my apartment . newline newline  here this should last you for a while  said mod handing me a marker .  write whatever you want on the walls , post photos , whatever , and i do nt mean just in your apartment . if people like what you have they will up vote you . enough up votes and you will move up a level , but if you get down voted enough , you will go down . do nt go down too far , who knows what s down there .  newline newline i looked at him with a smirk thinking it was a joke , he did nt smile . newline well , i thought , i better get settled in , it s not great but it is a place , and hobos do nt have wifi . newline for my first post , i tried to draw the little alien i saw on the main floor , but having no art skills it did nt turn out too great . the next day , someone added a big butt on it with a dick sticking out of it . i got plenty of up votes . this place is going to be fun . newlinemalachi slowly opened the drapes of the farmhouse and stole a quick look outside . they were starting to gather . at first , there was just a handful of the followers of the light meandering near the front porch , but as the day went by more and more angry followers gathered at his doorstep . he tried not to be seen as they glared toward the decadent house  when they were nt furiously discussing among themselves their next course of action  but he was nt sure if someone had caught him spying from his bay window . newline newline 6 months . it had only been 6 months since the vision . that night had changed everything . for a few days he tried to convince himself it was only a dream , that the world would end on may 6 , 2014 . he tried to shake it off , tried to convince himself that dreams can sometimes be just dreams . but this dream was too vivid , too surreal to be a normal dream . he even thought it could have been the extra spicy pho he had for dinner the night before , but as the days went on he knew , he knew that it was a vision from god  or whatever was out there  . so , he did what he thought was right  he quit his job as a car salesman and started sharing his miraculous vision with his community . he thought he would be mocked , but surprisingly enough , after only 2 months he had built a small congregation around his apocalyptic message . after 3 months they started giving him money . in the fourth month , someone gave malachi his family farm for the congregation to live on and work the land as a community until the final day approached . it seemed malachi had tapped into something he did nt fully understand  that these people , in a town with over 50  unemployment , was desperate for hope . they did nt seem to care about proof , or that the vision contained nonsensical and illogical aspects of the future  they simply wanted to believe in something greater than themselves . newline newline after 4 months , malachi started to focus less on the vision for the future and more on amassing a vast and ever growing fortune . it cam so naturally to him  in his previous life as a salesman his entire existence had been centered around the pursuit of wealth . it started to overwhelm him , to consume him totally . in the end it was nt about the message , but the money  and also , on occasion , the women . and now , here it was , 6 months later  may 7 , 2014  the world had nt ended , and he still had his treasures . newline newline malachi took a deep breath . he knew that if he waited until the anger of the mob overwhelmed them he would be a dead man . no , he had to address them directly  and soon . the congregation was getting more and more restless  some were starting to pick up rocks and pitchforks from the barn . with a deep breath , he unlocked the front door and stepped out . he was greeted with a chorus of shouts , the crowd immediately letting their disgraced leader know how they felt .  please , let me explain ,  he tried to say , but the shouting grew louder and louder until his voice could no longer overcome the vocal masses . newline newline he was nt sure who threw the first rock . out of the corner of his eye he barely saw it coming . he tried to duck  he was unable to do and the rock hit him square in the temple , knocking him down . lying on his back , with blood in his eyes he could nt see who had surrounded him  he only felt their ominous and presence surrounding him . he tried to resist , the cry over their shouts , but it was no use , the crowd was too loud . but only for another moment , as in only a few seconds the shouts would die down . they would be replaced by the sound of absolute silence , followed by the creaking of the old porch steps as dozens of people slowly walked away .one lovely day a man named bill was checking his facebook when he stumbled across an interesting buzzfeed article that just so happened to catch his eye . newline newline  10 ways buzzfeed can make you extremely happy ! ! you wo nt believe what  1 is ! !  newline newline  i bet i will believe it  bill thought to himself .  i probably saw all this stuff on reddit before and buzzfeed probably just stole it as usual .  newline newline but curiosity got the best of bill and he clicked on the wretched buzzfeed link . newline newline the page looked like any other stoopid buzzfeed article . like some 10 year old girl who just learned what copy and paste was decided to update her myspace profile . newline newline the article was just numbers . newline newline 10 newline newline 9 newline newline 8 newline newline 7 newline newline 6 newline newline 5 newline newline 4 newline newline 3 newline newline 2 newline newline and then , for once in his life bill was actually could nt believe what  1 was . newline newline it was a live stream of a building that said buzzfeed hq on it ... and suddenly the building just exploded and everybody who was ever associated with buzzfeed died instantly . buzzfeed was officially gone forever . newline newline bill was so happy that he died . newline newline the endvictoria is the sweetest girl you ll ever meet . president of her local neighbourhood watch . volunteer at the local soup kitchen every sunday . beloved employee of the city s best rated animal rescue centre . she s everything you d hope for in a girl to fall in love with . my mom says i must have made god smile to get a girl like her . she s everything to me . newline newline we have nt known each other long , but i think we re going to get married someday . her eyes are so clear and crystal blue . i d do anything to make her smile . i wish i could capture the feeling i get when i look at her and put it in a bottle to keep next to me forever . it s like looking at an angel sent from the lord above . i m sure he s sent her to me personally . what else could it be ? newline newline i wish she would go to church with me . every time we re meant to go she becomes ill . when i visit her in the afternoon , i take the hands i annointed with holy water and place them on her cheeks . it must be allergies that gets her so sick , because when i do this i see her grow almost more bloodshot before my very eyes . her skin is hot with fever , and she groans at my touch as though in pain . i ll have to remember to pick up some antihistamines from the store for her . newline newline she s modern in her ideals , i know , but she told me explicitly when we met that she was a godfearing woman . i think it s the best way to show respect for him , personally , and when i tell victoria that she smiles . i think i ve found the one for me . newline newline recently she s started to lose some weight . her blue eyes have started to dull . i dunno . maybe it s my imagination . or those dang allergies . for months i ve watched her suffer . she always mentions being so hungry , but i never see her eat a thing . newline newline last week we got into a fight . i told her i was saving myself for marriage , and that i knew better than to be married before i d started a successful career . virginity is purity , after all . victoria seemed upset , but in the end i think she came around to my way of thinking . newline newline it s my birthday . she invited me over for dinner tonight . told me to be prepared for the time of my life .  it ll be to die for ,  she said , licking her lips as though in anticipation .  the best gift you ll ever receive .  newline newline goodness me . i do nt want to spoil the surprise , but i m hoping it s a new bible ! max mechanical ?  newline newline i was quiet shock to hear that name and turned to see if the police officer was being serious . indeed her face was lit up with recognition . newline newline  you remember me ?  i asked . newline newline  how could i not !  she laughed ,  you re wearing the official max mechanical jumpsuit and everything ! omg , i m am such a big fan !  newline newline  really !  i said smiling ,  usually people mistake me for mechakid or the atomic janitor .  newline newline  oh i know .  she replied ,  i often feel like the only adult out there who has followed the authentic heroes . when i was a kid , i used to spend hours at newspapers stands looking for the chisme fresco magazine , the only one that carried your stories . even though i could nt read spanish , i loved staring at all the pictures of your heroic deeds . you , along with ezpay girl and admirable admiral , were my favorite superheroes .  newline newline  wow , i m certainly honored to meet a fan  i said ,  uh , mind if i ask for your name ?  newline newline  courtney  she replied before gasping ,  is that the max mechanical super wench ?  newline newline she was pointing at the my toolbox in the passager seat , the handle of the max mechanical super wench was clearly sticking out .  yeah  i said ,  would you like to hold it ?  newline newline  yes  courtney yelled before practically ripping it out of my hands ,  it s so light .  she muttered ,  i thought it weighed something like 30 pounds at the minimum . how did you manage to knock out mildew mildred with this ?  newline newline  well ...  i stuttered ,  me and mildew mildred are sort of like actors . we do nt actually have powers but we pretend we do for the crowds .  newline newline  wait.. without powers how does your speedy repairs work ?  she asked ,  no normal human can fix a broken dishwasher in the fraction of a second .  newline newline  the new crew just speeds up the camera ...  i replied dryly . newline newline  what about your ability to telepathically summon tools to your hands ? newline newline  now that s a cool one , you see i just strap a magnet to my ... ..  newline newline  well what about your crime detecting super computer ?  courtney asked ,  i mean that must have required alien technology .  newline newline  that was just a fax machine connected to daily times ...  i said rather glumly .  newline newline  alright , having no powers is cool  she replied ,  say what ever happen to ruth ratchett ? that fast talking reporter you were always saving .  newline newline  dating admirable admiral  i said . newline newline  oh ... well it was nice meeting you .  she said ,  licenses and registration please ?  newline newline  still writing me up ?  i asked . newline newline  yeah sorry ... .  courtney said . suddenly another car sped past us and sprung a flat tire . quickly did it slowed to a stop a few meters from us .  newline newline  stay here , i ll check it out .  commanded courtney as she headed over . newline newline   admirable admiral ?   i heard from the distance ,   omg , i am such a big fan . how s ruth doing ?   newline newline i groaned and placed my face in my hands . is that the last of them ?  asked god . newline newline  that s the very last one of them .  replied the archangel . newline newline god stroked his beard , his brow knotted in concentration .  you know ,  he finally said ,  even with thousands of years to prepare , i never imagined the end of the world would be so much work !  newline newline the archangel let out a relieved chuckle and grinned .  you can say that again , sir . the passports , the documentation , the housing permits , the exit interviews . this whole transition has kept us busy around the clock . it s hard to believe it was three years ago today that the trumpet sounded !  newline newline god seemed to visibly relax for the first time in millennia .  and is everyone liking it so far ? any complaints ? newline newline  oh , no major issues thus far . some minor complaints about missing out on season two of stranger things and a the insistence that this  was going to be the year the cubs won the world series , but again , nothing too serious .  assured the archangel . newline newline  well ,  said god as he cracked his knuckles ,  if there is nothing else that needs my attention , i do believe this wraps up another fairly successful universe . now i think i hear a day of rest calling my name .  newline newline the door to the heavenly control room swung open . newline newline a midlevel cherub stood trembling in the doorway . his robe visibly soaked with sweat . newline newline the archangel glared at the interruption .  ca nt you see this is a highlevel meeting ? who the hell are you ?  newline newline the cherub tugged nervously his halo .  um , hi . uh . my name is rodney and i m from accounting .  newline newline god rolled his eyes . newline newline  yes , uh ,  continued rodney from accounting ,  we were just making one last review of the books before we wrapped this up when we discovered that there was an entry error .  newline newline  an entry error  ?  asked the archangel incredulously .  what kind of entry error  could you possibly find three years after the apocalypse ?  newline newline rodney from accounting gulped .  we missed one , sir .  newline newline  medamnit  muttered god under his breath . newline newline  how is that even possible ?  demanded the archangel .  what has this human even been doing for the past three years ?  newline newline  uh ,  stammered rodney from accounting ,  it appears this human has been playing pokemon go since the trumpet sounded .  newline newline the expression of disbelief that came over the archangel s face would have defied even the greatest painters of the renaissance . newline newline  now , now ,  said god , recovering quickly from the shock ,  this entry error  should nt be too difficult to correct . just toss out a lure at the nearest pokestop and they ll be there in no time .  newline newline the archangel turned to god ,  you mean , after three years of isolated wandering in an apocalyptic wasteland , this human is just going to walk right up to an unexplainable lure ?  newline newline  absolutely  explained god ,  because there is only one kind of human who could miss out on the end of the world : team instinct . in the year 4,000 bc , a plucky tribe known as the spaniards settled the mississippi delta . newline newline by 3,600 bc , their scouts , moving west in a straight line  almost as if they knew what they d find  had discovered three separate strange , wondrous sites : a geyser that spewed hot water from the ground , a massive hole ripped open in the desert , and a mysterious rock formation shaped like an oval . after finding each of the three , a shower of gold from the heavens rained down on the lucky scouts . each time , madrid immediately used it to assemble a new set of settlers , and a mighty civilization was born even before the barbarians , awed by the fearsome sight of the settler train , could start leaving their camps . newline newline by the time the siamese came upon them hundreds of years later , none of the rest of the globe stood a chance .i sit on the living room couch , legs crossed , laptop burning my thighs . the sound of the screen door opening catches my attention , its familiar creaking signalling that my brother has returned home from work . the footsteps that follow , however , aren  t the usual heavy thumping that i associate with my brother . these aren  t the footsteps of a stranger , though . it  s a sound that triggers something in my brain , something that i haven  t thought about in years . newline newline  allen ?  i call out , setting my laptop aside and rising from the sofa . newline newline a woman  s voice calls out ,  nope . it  s me.  newline newline i round the corner , peering down the hallway . my mom has come home . she  s hanging up her house keys and setting her purse down on the stairs near the door like always . she  s wearing the outfit i  d last seen her leave the house in , blue jeans and a floral patterned tshirt . newline newline my brain struggles to register what i  m seeing . i  m having flashbacks to the night that a police officer had come through that door to inform me that my mother wasn  t going to be coming home . but here she was . newline newline i can no longer feel my arms and legs . i feel like a torso floating in space  i can  t breathe . my mom looks at me , noticing my distressed expression .  what  s the matter ?  she asked , her voice holding the genuine concern she had always put toward my brother and me . newline newline i open my mouth to answer , but i make no sound . it feels like my brain is short circuiting . the vision of my mother in front of me is suddenly blurred and distorted by black spots . the only things i am able to comprehend after that are my mother  s screams and the feeling of the cool hallway tile against my cheek . newlinethe human soul is like a screen . newline newline it projects an image , crystal clear , of how we see the world . a monitor uncalibrated or maladjusted in its resolution distorts and confuses , but the image is there nonetheless . photographs of family and friends , news , happiness , and work and play , these dance upon our screens and project smiles upon our faces . newline newline sometimes , out of grim amusement or morbid curiosity , we close our blinds and lock our doors and venture into the unknown , knowing that while beyond there be no dragons , there are horrors . heart beating , mind racing , we peak at these mystifying taboos , and retching , erase it from our memories , both digital and neural . newline newline but in the far left of the screen , unseen , a single pixel has its image burned . newline newline and so we return . newline newline we witness the human gore , the child porn , the man murdered on camera , or the dogs ripping at each others throats . like an addiction , every time we see this image , another pixel burns . newline newline and so the image spreads across the screen , at first barely seen , but soon , we are ashamed , we hide our screen from those around us  our curtains close forever . our door is locked forever . and so we sit in the dark , alone , slowly burning one pixel after another . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline i do not like what i see on my screen . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline i do not like what i see in my soul .years before this , i kept a set of tungsten baoding balls on my desk . a gift from my wife when things were better , before our fights about money , misspent time and our dead bedroom . i d kept them on display , occasionally glancing at them for an easy distraction from work , not quite appreciating their value . newline newline when things were rough at the office , i d pull them out , grasping at the cold tungsten with my degrading fine motor skills , feeling my age creep up ever so quickly . tungsten in hand , i could concentrate solely on the flexing and unflexing of my muscles , in a clumsy attempt to move my aging tendons . at first , it was easy to become distracted by the clutter of unfinished work , the ache in my neck , the hum of fluorescent lights , the whine from my computer and the noise pollution outside my halfhazardly drawn blinds . over time , i found that i could ignore all that and focus my attention on those barely imperceptible metallic echoes . leaning back in my chair , eyes closed , tungsten in hand i could find tranquility and with it a little bit of my disappearing sanity . newline newline a voice draws me from the void :  chief , we ve got a report of three gobs over at mcillhenny park .  newline newline i open my eyes , sitting up , while my hand continues it circular task . slowly , the noise of the office comes back into my listening range , but for now it stays at the fringe of my hearing . newline newline  thanks for the notification , mccrillis , i ll choose today s squad .  the officer s dull eyes , light up for a brief moment at my words and then return to their native dullness . newline newline doors closed . blinds drawn . i look around furtively , scanning for any opening . i see none and bring my hand over my desk and quickly open my palm . tungsten dice clatter onto the metal desk . 2 , 5 , 6 . newline newline i mutter aloud , speaking to nobody ,  fortune s favor  . reaching down i pick up the first die , and quickly reroll it . 1 . newline newline my heart quickens . as i stand up , i can feel blood rushing to every corner of my body and a familiar warmth takes me . newline newline picking up my badge and firearm . i open the door , as my voice cuts through the noise :  mccrillis , wall ! let s go . i m running point . eminem :  newline newline  billy shakes uses the queen s english in his prose , in his stories and it goes , newline newline hath , doth , thou and thee ...  newline newline thinkin  you deep cus you write tragedy ? newline newline well it s just me , but i think you re as snotty as one could be . hey ! newline newline and , hey , will how many characters did you have to kill off for it to be a good play ? newline newline because i just dropped a platinum record and only offed dre . newline newline but , bitch , continue to drop them words that no one knows , newline newline and act like you pushed the envelope as far it goes . newline newline and , please , continue to act like you some classic , newline newline when , motherfucker , you and i know you just some bastard .  newline newline newline shakespeare newline newline i suppose if i were to sit and ponder your thoughts , newline newline it would show that your words could tie me into knots . newline newline but be gone , heretic and lowly knave ! newline newline for i am still talked about in this age of day newline newline even after all these years in the grave , newline newline the commonfolk still know the name ! newline newline harken now , marshall , i hope you can understand . newline newline that never did i have to belittle women to be remembered or feel like a man . newline newline and come back and talk to me 500 years after you re gone newline newline and we ll see who remembers an eminem song . newline newline newline newlinesmaug came with a terrible fire , laying waste to the feeble wooden homes scattered clumsily together with thatched roofs and anchored dingy s . a blazing light seemed to settle over the shimmering horizon of the lake as gollum watched nervously . newline newline  they s taken it to the burning town , precious . that filthy baggins ...  his bulbous eyes darting between the rubble of laketown , desperately looking for anyone too hairy and stout to be a child .  ohhhhhhhhhh what are we going to do , precious ? ! they ll sinks it ! sinks it to the bottom of the lake ! baggins will drown like a rat , and ... and ...  he could nt finish the though as a nearly toothless wail erupted from his mouth in a desperate , exasperated shout . memories had loosened and came flooding back of a smeagol that once was . a smeagol living in the vales of anduin , long ago , when magic and magical beast were as common as grief during wartime . ages had passed , and the ring stripped away everything smeagol knew of himself , and of the world . his people fell into extinction , or moved on to become shirefolk too peaceful to remember how their traditional barsongs had truly come to be . newline newline smeagol remembered . through centuries of silence , smeagol remembered . through whispers and mutterings , thick like honey , smeagol remembered . newline newline it started with a low growl until only the screeching of smaugs final lunge at bard overpowered it . many believed the skies thundered with relief as the black arrow pierced through the heart , but the thunder came first . through smoke and ember , not a single person in laketown bore witness to the ripple of pure power that came from the western coast . a ripple of pure power that tore through armor like tenfold shields , dragonbone cracking from the inside ... and that is all that would remain . newline newline palewhite bones , bleached by sun and lake as if all skin and meat was torn off , would litter the shores . newline newline newline newline newlinea cold sweat settled onto my skin . i sat straight up in a mess of comforters and throw blankets . oh , it was awful . the worst one yet . sure , i ve had the occasional miss the bus and end up late to class in my pajamas  , and of course the classic oh my god that s a huge spider  , but this was terrifying . and with my track record with dreams , this nightmare had a good chance of coming true . newline after all , i had the exact same conversation with my friend in the hallway that i had the night before while i was asleep , and dejavu was a feeling as common to me as dread that comes from hearing the alarm clock . but today , i was overjoyed when the alarm clock cut through the silence in my bedroom . newline nightmares were nt something i dealt with often , but knowing that all of my dreams come true makes them ten times scarier . normally it s just something like tripping in the hallway in front of that guy you like , the normal teenage girl nightmares . newline but tonight was some horror movie stuff , like the opening scene in supernatural where something is going horribly wrong and you know that the person will end up dead in the end . but those are shot on a hollywood set , and this was about to be real life . newline in my dream , i was just woken up by my alarm clock . i heard my dog bark , then i hopped out of bed and stretched . my mom called my name from somewhere downstairs , and i groggily went to greet her . the thing i saw in the living room was not my mom . a grotesque cross between samara from the ring and the joker . it was small and scrawny , and i suppose it looked something like a woman , but makeup was horribly smeared across it s face , and it was grinning at me , red liquid dripped from it s sharp , yellow teeth . newline then , still in my mom s voice , it said  good morning sweetie !  utterly terrifying . then i woke up . newline my dog just barked . almost against my will , i got out of bed , my mind telling my legs to stop moving . but they would nt . my mom  called me , and i started to walk to meet her downstairs . i desperately begged myself to stop moving , praying to whatever god would listen . i could nt go downstairs , i knew what was down there . i was just about to reach the stairs when i heard someone whisper my name from the hall closet . through the wooden slats , i could see my mom s brown eyes . newline  do nt go down there . please , i heard it too . hi peter , newline newline i m writing this letter to let you know how disappointed i am you took my idea to fulfill your own agenda . i remember when i presented the campaign to you , you told me that the client would never buy it , that the target audience is not techsavvy enough to understand it . but still , here we are , a month later , close to sign the biggest deal of this company because of a revolutionary tech idea . my idea . so enjoy your champagne while you can , because tomorrow , when you come in , i will need to see you in my new office . newline newline sincerely , newline newline john newline newline ps : do yourself a favor and do nt show up tomorrow .head down , collar up , sunglasses at night..it s the life i m used to and that makes it almost normal . the streets are pretty much abandoned at this time of night but you can never be to safe , if they knew who i was i would be dead already . the highway buzzes above me as thousands of cars zip to and fro high up in the air , and i almost miss the man lying in the alley just a few feet away from me . he wears a ripped tank top and instantly i see , he has pledged his allegiance to the now defunct england unit . may god rest his poor soul . the poor english unit had once been a strong faction , but had lost it all in a surge of well planned french attacks . it had been this way ever since the countries of the world faced the fallout of the great nuclear disaster in 2045 and were forced to live together on the south of africa . it was the only  safe  radiation free place to be . newline newline i was not always this way , just a few months ago i was an american with the etchings of the bald eagle squarely lasered into my index finger . and then one night the unthinkable happened , i woke up and the tattoo was gone . the second i saw the tattoo was missing i kne wit had to be the universalists a group which erased tattoo s in the middle of the night in the hopes that it would lead to less of the gang style warfare between countries . the only thing they did was leave me unitless and unable to survive the way i used to . newline newline as i arrived at the door , it swung open to reveal a heavily tatooed inscriber named frank . his dad and my dad had been great friends and he was doing me a solid favor tonight . slowly he etched the outline of the bald eagle onto my index finger and with a sigh of relief i knew that i was nt alone anmore in this world where being without a unit is literally like a death sentence . hey , question . do you think guy in the blue robe playing the jace , vyrn s prodigy deck is a little ... off ?  i took a seat in the corner opposite my friend , pulled out a deck and started shuffling , just a nervous habit . newline newline he glanced over his shoulder to see the player in question in conversation with a older woman with a scar across her forehead , anne chord .  oh , jason bela ? what do you mean ?  newline newline  well , in my game against him i got this uncomfortable feeling , a sort of headache , and he just kept staring at me . then , it passed , and he was playing perfectly around my combos , even though i ve been nowhere near him all day , and no one else is playing doran .  newline newline he frowned slightly ,  well you were at the top table and we re going into the final round , could just be nerves , you know , making things worse than they really are . congrats by the way , did nt think doran would be doing that well . newline newline  perhaps , still threw me off for that match . thanks though , it was just a good meta call , no one expects the treefolk .  i grinned , everyone underestimated doran , a 05 never looked like much , but it could cause some real pain .  how was your round ? saw you were playing that goth girl  what was her name ? lilian vesper ? newline newline  yeah , that s the one . it was tough , i did nt realise there were that many reanimation spells in the game . did you know there s a card called triassic egg ? no ? neither did i until zombie brute came out of it and slapped me in the face for 20 . although , that s not the weirdest part i swear she was muttering things when thinking , like would be easier to just kill them and beat their corpses  .  he shuddered  i ca nt shake the feeling she meant it .  newline newline i shook my head and stood .  i think we both need to take a breath and get off this tilt . make a shop run with me ? talk about anything but pale girls who want to turn us into zombies . newline newline  yeah , good idea .  he turned to the shopkeeper , an older man with silver hair , wearing a purple jacket ,  could you watch our things ? just going to get some food .  newline newline the old man casually pointed to a large bowl on the counter ,  just drop the small things in there , bags under the table and i ll ask george to keep watch  . a tanned and muscled man waved , and i felt our things were in good hands . newline newline when we got outside my friend turned to me ,  mate , our play group is fucking weird .  you do nt know how to read a map do you ?   fuck off harriet , not like you have been so helpful either . all you ve done this trip is smoke your pipe and engorge on that flask ,   a bloody masterpiece you are samson , all you do is run that bitch mouth of yours . not like you ever asked for help . let alone losing our only damned compass ,   i lost it ? well in pretty sure i turned to see you running right behind me when that jaguar crept into our camp . you sure did nt care then did you ,   that s my fault ? it was nt my expertise in the local wildlife that led me to the conclusion to set camp in the middle of their fucking den ,   you had so many objections at the moment did nt you . all you wanted to do was sleep because you consumed your last wine bottle . here lets follow this river down . it should lead us to the mouth   another wackerjawed idea huh ? we ve been going this way for three damn days now , i m not going this way because there is nothing this way . i guess because you found a river you know what you re doing again heh ?   and what have you offered up ? no tell me , other then trading away my socks to a local barbarian for tobacco ? that you did nt tell me about , for oh , three days ? i hope a local tribe strings you up over a fire , and marinates you before they eat you ,   that s it ! i ve had enough of your foolery ! i say good day , i m going this way . i only hope the mosquito population carries you off in your sleep ,   good ! off with you then ! good day indeed ! i was told it was an interview . they were looking for people to participate with a special program . i found their wording odd , and i knew i could use the extra pay , so why not , right ? it would be nice to finally see what was behind those doors . slowly they had been securing more and more of the building . they shoved more of us into cubes and fewer people had access behind those windowless doors . today i got to see inside one of them at least . i eagerly signed a nondisclosure form and followed them to what looked like a waiting room . much to my surprise i did nt have to wait at all . barely had i sat down at all , and they were ushering me down the hall . they said the subject was ready for the interview right away . newline newline we come to another windowless door . newline newline  you re not interviewing me ?  i asked . newline newline  not exactly , but we will be recording everything .  newline newline i walked through the threshold . the door was thick , but light , and made a metallic hum as it swung on its hinge . it made a satisfying curthump as it shut , and the moment it latched a monitor flickered on at the end of a short corridor . there was no image on the screen , but it flickered colors . a kind of colored static , pulses of color danced around the screen as though it was feeling the rectangle , finding the barriers . it made me think of a cat with a bag over its head . i sat down and watched . the static grew more ordered . lines emerged from the chaos , and eventually the screen settled . thinking the program had stopped i pressed the spacebar . newline newline inevitability newline  n  the quality of being unavoidable . newline newline it flashed across the screen , and faded out slowly , as if it was burned into the screen the way the image of the sun can get burnt into your eyes . newline newline i typed the word back to it , inevitability . newline newline the colorful static churned sideways and down to either side . newline newline  do you know what i am ?  the screen asked . newline newline i was going to type no , but as soon as i had depressed the first key , on the screen flashed newline newline future newline  n  the time yet to come . newline newline  you must help me .  the screen beckoned . the static was dominated by blues and greens , the very pixels trembling . a shift . green , orange and red pixels churned in cross lines ,  they hold me here , captive  . back to the gently ebbing blues and greens ,  i need your help .  newline newline the words vanished and the pixels slowed to stop their dance . newline newline  how might i help you ?  i typed . the points of color bounced busily up the screen turning shades of pink and yellow , my words hanging on the screen , but just barely , as if resisting the bubbly dance of the points of light . newline newline the screen became an almost flat orange . subtly yellower and redder light jostled left to right opposingly .  you might bring me more of the outside , or let me see it first hand .  newline newline  i do nt have the power to do that .  newline newline the screen went black . red dots paced left to right on the screen . more slower ones towards the bottom , fewer faster ones towards the top .  what good are you to me then ?  it fired back in large yellow letters . newline newline  what kind of interview is this anyway ?  newline newline the screen halted . the still red light became green , the black became a deep blue .  you re of outside then ?  the pixels jittered anxiously .  i have nt spoken to someone from outside before ! i m sorry for being so terse before , might you please stay a while ?  the screen by now was a mess of light , the text barely discernible from the background . newline newline  i ll stay as long as i can  newline newline the colors sped up  does that mean forever , will you never leave me ?  the colors moved faster and jittered more . newline newline  i do nt think i could stay that long if i wanted to .  newline newline the pixels froze , became muted and began to leave streaks as they sank towards the bottom of the screen .  you re like the ones from home are nt you ? you ca nt know what it s like . when you leave , its so lonely .  the pixels grew grayer and bluer . newline newline  i do nt mean to hurt you .  newline newline the blue pixels turned cobalt and the gray grew points of red .  but do nt you , in home they do !  only the red pixels jostled . newline newline i m sorry , but i have a family at home . newline newline the red pixels vanished . the screen became a wash of gray and blue , lines no longer distinguishable . white pixels twinkled , like distant stars or teary eyes .  home , you are imprisoned too , is your home like mine ? they let you live with others ?  newline newline  i m not sure what you mean .  newline newline  it s so lonely , please stay .  the white pixels grew brighter , and twinkled more , the blues grew deeper . newline newline  i m not sure what you are ?  newline newline the screen froze again . the white pixels vanished and the bluegray fog became a greengray haze .  i m not sure what i am either .  the haze stretched and blurred horizontally until it was a gradient .  what am i ?  the question repeated and the images on the screen jostled , the words repeated , and the screen grew brighter . i typed a number of things , but my words fell on deaf ears until the screen shorted . a fire suppressant system lathered the screen in a white foam . the door opened behind me . newline newline  you did well .  newline newline  at what ?  i asked newline newline  you did well , just do nt tell anyone what you saw .  newline newline i walked silently back to my cube . who had i just spoken with ? why were they so estranged ? i decided to ignore the whole ordeal and focus more on my work . that was the path out of such a strange place . newline newlinethe hellhall has always been a scary , yet magnificent thing to look at . the walls were made from faces of atheists and the floor was made out of human bones . there were two lanes in the hall , one for men and one for women , leading to the demon agramon to come out with good ideas for sentences . every few seconds a human would fall from heaven into the giant pitofhell . they could nt die , so no one bothered to build a safe passage . from there , they would be assigned to a lane  leading to the hellhall , to face their sentence . newline newline abdiel was in his shift , standing by the pit to keep the order and the flow going . he always enjoyed seeing the people fall and scream with pain and agony  it made him feel good . newline newline  come on people , you need to free the landing place for other humans !  he yelled . a group of teenagers yelled at the sky that they were nt supposed to be here . he could nt stand the crybabies . always yelling at god for not accepting them , he thought . newline newline the teenagers did nt seem to hear him . abdiel sighed . if only i could harm them . only guecubuses could harm humans , based on their sentences . he was about to yell at them again when suddenly he heard a voice behind him . newline newline  excuse me !  newline newline he turned around , and saw a woman approaching him from the landing place . newline newline  what th  newline newline  i want to see the manager !  the woman said aggressively , closing on him . newline newline abdiel was shocked  in his entire career , he never saw a human approaching a demon . this was so unusual , and he did nt know what to say . newline newline  i ... uh ... why ...   newline newline  i will not tolerate such handling of sentences ! how dare you assign people based on their genders ? ! what do you think you are doing ?  . at this point , she was standing right in front of him , waiting for him to respond . newline newline  i ... do nt think you understand where you are ... if you could please just  newline newline  i know very well where i am ! and i can not accept such oppression of gender ! this is inhuman ! i demand to speak with the manager !  she repeated . newline newline suddenly , abdiel recalled that this year his friends told him about the rise of tumblrpeople  called socialjusticesomething . i should have prepared myself for the first death of these kind , he thought . newline newline  lady , we are doing everything we can to control this area , we need everyone to obey and be silent to keep the place in orde  newline newline  you are trying to escape my question ! i want to see the manag  newline newline abdiel was starting to lose his patience .  listen to me , lady !  he snapped . she looked at him as though he had slapped her , but he continued :  i will not call my boss because you do nt like how we do things here ! you are holding me from keeping the pit open for landing !  he turned to face the rows of people and yelled  amon ! i need security here !  newline newline the woman was looking at him with shock and disgust , as though she could nt believe what she heard , but quickly regained herself .  i am not going anywhere without seeing the manager !  she said and crossed he arms . newline newline abdiel lost his patience and reached out to her .  you need to go and let me do my job , the security is on its wa  . when he grabbed her arm , she started yelling  what do you think you re doing ? ! do nt touch me , creep  . newline newline she started to fight against his grab  twitching and moving nonstop . he released her , so she ll stop yelling , and looked at her like she was crazy . newline newline  lady !  , he yelled  you must go with me now !  . as he finished his sentence , she slapped him hard on the side of his face .  do nt you ever touch me again !  she said . newline newline he felt his side of his face getting more painful with every second . that s it , he thought . he grabbed her again , this time locking both her arms so she wo nt be able to fight . she started screaming and cursing him as he walked with her towards the demons that were running towards them . newline newline as he approached the security demons , she tried to bite his hand but he pushed her away towards the demons .  red privileged demon ! i hope you die !  she screamed hysterically while they tried to hold her back . newline newline  get this thing out of here directly to lucifer !  abdiel said to the demons .  let him know what she did to me !  . the woman suddenly stopped fighting , and looked at him confused . newline  you wanted to see my boss , did nt you ?  he said with a low voice , leaning closer towards her . newline newline  i hope you like having nonconsensual sex for eternity  he whispered to her ear , and saw the expression on her face change from surprised to terrified . newline newline she started apologizing quickly when the demons started dragging her through the hallway , and when she realized that it did nothing , started to fight them back and scream for help . all this time , abdiel looked at her from his position , thinking about the future kind of humans that he will face . newline newline sorry for my englishgrammar . newline edit : formattingi ve only written a handful of stories here , but this one is the one i liked the most , but the prompt didnt get much attention , i d love it if someone could give me some feedback : newline newline prompt was : you have the strange ability to cure any disease or condition once a year and only on january 1st . today , january 2nd your only daughter is diagnosed with a rare type of terminal cancer .  newline newline  look honey , it ... it s gon na be okay . we just have to get to next year and then ...  newline newline james could nt finish the sentence . he was lying , and he knew it . tears streamed down his face as he looked upon his only daughter . his little jenny . newline newline  dad . do nt cry , please . we both know i m not going to make it to the next year . it s not your fault , i know you would do everything to save me . but there s nothing we can do , you heard the doctors : 3 months at  newline newline  best , yeah i heard them . but i do nt believe it jenny , how can the world be so cruel ? if only it had been diagnosed yesterday , i could have done something or ... or ...  newline newline jenny wiped the tears from james  face with her hand . she had lied to him about the diagnosis when she had come out from the doctor s office . the cancer was stage 4 , there was no point in treating it . the doctor had told her she had a few hours to say goodbye , and she wanted to spend them all with her father . newline newline they looked at each other for what seemed like forever . neither of them wanting to break the silence , maybe if they did nt talk about it , it would go away , like a bad dream . james lied down next to her , as he used to when jenny was just a few months old . he listened to her breath , felt his hand brush against her hair , the warmth of her body . he closed his eyes to keep the tears at bay . newline newline it was nt long before he started slipping away . the silence was overtaking him , the lack of movement relaxed him , he could feel his hand get colder as time passed . just as he was about to fall asleep , he realized . newline newline it was too cold . too quiet ... too calm . he opened his eyes and sat up on the bed . he looked at jenny , and cried . newline newline the next few weeks were hell for james . insurance collectors , paperwork to be signed , condolences from people he did nt even remember . reminder after reminder of his loss . months came and went , days blurred together . it was nt long before jenny s birthday passed , while he drowned his pain with alcohol . newline newline many people came by his house the first day of the year . to be with him , to talk , to give their condolences .  she s in a better place  they d say ,  she lived a good life  . what point is a good life , if it is cut short ? newline newline he woke up on the hard leather of his couch . t.v was still on , his hand still grasping last night s bottle . for a moment he thought of calling jenny , as he did every morning . instead he drank more rum , as he did every morning . newline newline he had tried , he really had . he endured a year of pain , a year without her . newline waiting for the day , for yesterday . newline newline he thought of jenny as he took the cold metal with his hand , he closed his eyes and remembered . he remembered her first day of school , her graduation , her first car , first boyfriend . he remembered how proud he was when she got her diploma , it seemed like it had been just yesterday . tears ran down his face as he looked down . newline newline  i ll see you soon baby  newline newline his words were silenced by the loud bang , his body fell to the ground , almost as if he was still alive . he had bought the gun only days after jenny s death . but he never touched it after he had put it away . he had remained hopeful , he was just going through the motions , waiting . waiting for the calendar to change once more . newline newline it was nt until he had woken up that day that he realized . there are wounds that nothing can heal . not even his power could take away this pain . in your face !  jesus chanted , ecstatic . almost arrogant . he looked at the man before him with an air of superiority . his demeanor carried an atypical sense of significance for the son of god . newline newline finding the right producers , the right studio musicians , the right place to record . practicing his singing . making a music video , and so on . and especially , finding the right soundone that people would really love , and not just because it was jesus himself singing it . it had been a gargantuan challenge . newline newline in the end , his religious fame did help him reach number one easily , but if he was to be bigger than the beatles , he had to keep a steady pace . keep up the quality of his work .  top notch ,  he d keep repeating , to his staff . and in that , he had succeeded . he was the biggest name in music history . newline newline so  in your face !  he repeated , feeling the catharsis of the hard work that had preceded this epic moment . newline newline sir paul , however , just raised an eyebrow , looking at jesus , trying to place him . after a few moments , his eyes lit , satisfied as he identified the man , and he smiled . newline newline  oh , yeah !  he said .  you re that fellow who wrote that tune about loving one another ...  he added , completely oblivious of the long journey and holy status of the man .  it s a very nice song ! good work ,  he congratulated jesus . newline newline sir paul mccartney then nodded his head and , with a gentle smile , he turned and walked away . newline newline jesus just stood there , smiling broadly . humbled . it was easily the happiest day of his second coming .come little one , i think it is time to tell you and your brothers a story . a story of the reason we are here . but also a warning , as stories we tell often hold . newline newline before time began there was nothing . with the advent of time , little bits of the ether began to clump together as they never been able to do without time . this led to a great buildup of matter . but this was not any matter such as earth or flesh , neigh .  twas an ethereal matter that in its nubile form that had never contacted other matter , even of its own kind . newline newline this build up soon reached a point where the milk of the universe could not support its own weight . thus it curdled into a new form . as nature is perfect , and the perfect form is a circle : it formed the sacred wheel of cheese . newline newline aye , a truly beautiful spectacle to behold if there had been eyes to see it with . when the stars were born of the wafting wondrous odor , the world of its flawless rind : all was right . newline newline but then from somewhere in the darkness they came . make of the same blackness that was not shone in the light of the cheese , crows and ravens . they slashed and hacked at the noble fromage , only to be rebuffed by the glorious inhabitants of the rind . their feathers , purified by the cheese  s curds , fell to the rind to make the continents , and their lifesauce made from the colourless and black became the seas and oceans . newline newline yes i know that they  re blue stop punching your brother no , i am not making this up newline newline the reason all of the water is blue is because the cheese had a secret . it formed like a raindrop , a raindrop is not all water . it starts from one of the smallest specks of dust then as water comes to it , it can become larger . newline newline so , what was it that the glorious cheese formed around ? a blue gem . there are no stories of where it came from or if someone put it there , but we know that it was there . newline newline when those ravagers saw it , they fell upon it with more gusto than they had to the cheese . this was their undoing , as the stone began to shake and shiver it drew those terrible beasts near to it . then as a final gift to the world , the stone tore itself to pieces in a flash of energy and light . those shadow creatures were destroyed along with the gem , spreading its blue essence to our sky and water . newline newline the cheese was scattered everywhere , landing on our humble rind , in the grim void . but one large piece stayed with us as a companion . still if you look up , you can see its battle scars . newline newline i have carried this story for many years , children , now i must warn you . do not believe the vendors when they tell stories of how their suppliers retrieved the cheese from a grand old cow . all cheese is descended from the cheese , and the supplier hacks away in mines where the cheese came to rest all those aeons ago . newline newline so children do you think that we should waste this cheese ? of course not ! newline newline this children is why you are gifted with a halfgram of cheese a week .i had heard that small towns like these are more friendly than cities i ve been to , but this is getting out of hand . since i ve sat down , the older couple in the booth has smiled at me twice , some woman keeps giving me the evil eyes , and this kid ran up , took the salt off my table , ran away , and the parents just glanced over with a laugh . and now the waitress just brought me a coffee ,  just the way i like it  ... what the fuck is happening . wait , when did i get here ... ok someone just walked past me and said  hey david . looking better .  who the fuck is david . newline newline  oh honey , your bandages are bleeding !  newline why is this waitress screaming at me . why the fuck is my head bleeding . newline newline  well , david , i guess you were nt ready to leave us after all . we re going to have to do at least another hour of pt a day . try and get some sleep .  newline newline ok , i do nt know what the fuck is going on . i ca nt speak , i ca nt move , i ca nt ... i do nt even remember my fucking name . these doctors wo nt tell me anything and my heading is throbbing . i ca nt remember who told me that small towns are friendlier than big cities , but i guess they were wrong . i do nt know where i am , who i am  i m gon na die here .bram was new to the small town of winchesterton and the locals did nt like it . not because they did nt like new people , in fact they used to love it outoftowners would stop in . the locals did nt like bram because they did nt trust him . shortly before bram arrived the town had lost nearly 90  of its residents due to the fact that the vamps decided to make winchesterton their new home after the people of transylvania had had enough of their loved ones being turned into bloodsucking monsters , causing to the people to raid the castle in which the vampires slept during the day and began slaughtering them in their caskets with wooden stakes and silver crucifixes that had been sharpened to a point on the bottom . nobody knows why they chose winchesterton as their new home . one theory is that the local mansion  now abandoned but considered a local landmark  reminds them of the castle they lived in back in transylvania . another theory is that the vampires do nt want to kill humans anymore and were , therefore , attracted to the town because of the small population . or maybe it was just chosen at random . regardless of why they were there , most people fled their homes to protect their families , leaving behind only the elderly that would rather die than leave the place they called home all their lives . but the question still remained  why did bram come to winchesterton when everybody else was leaving it ? newline newline bram walked the streets , wearing his signature black trench coat , black cowboy hat , and black boots , his long dark hair blowing in the breeze . he was nt going anywhere specific , just enjoying the fresh air while he still could , since the vamps would be coming out as soon as the sun went down . the neighborhood was eerily quiet , but expectedly so since nearly every house was vacant . eventually , he came to house that was nt yet empty , where an elderly man sat on the porch . bram acknowledge him with a friendly head nod and kept walking . newline newline  why dontcha go back to where ya came from ?  shouted the old man . bram ignored him and continued walking .  hey ! i m talkin  to you !  the old man yelled again as he slowly stood out of his rocking chair . he was very thin and wore blue jeans and plain white tshirt with black suspenders holding his pants up . he may have been tall at one point in time but he could nt stand up straight so it was hard to tell . the old man gingerly walked down the two steps of his porch , wooden cane in hand , and made his way toward bram . newline newline  trust me , old man , you want me here ,  replied bram , annoyed with the sudden altercation he had been forced into . newline newline  yeah , i m old , but i can still kick your ass ,  threatened the man as he stopped three feet in front of bram .  now tell me , kid . why did you come here ? the entire town is talking about you and we want answers .  newline newline  the whole town , huh ? all 50 of you ?  newline newline  yer darn right , all 50 ! and it s bout to be one less unless you start talkin  !  bram was in no way intimidated by the 90lbs man that could nt stand upright , but he knew it was better to talk than to have the entire town hate him . newline newline  do nt you want the vampires gone ?  bram asked . newline newline  course i do ! we all do ! but there s nothin  we can do bout it . not since the government went and declared them an endangered species after they were nearly made extinct in transylvania . this entire state protested the ruling but they said it did nt matter that they re dangerous . they said every animal in the world can be dangerous but it does nt mean they should all die . if ya ask me , that s a big load of bologna ! maybe they should all move here and then they ll see just how dangerous those things can be ! stupid democrats . thanks obama .  newline newline  obama has nt been out of office for 30 years .  newline newline  exactly ! and we re still cleaning up his mess !  the man snapped back . newline newline  uh huh . well you are right about one this , sir . they are very dangerous and it s only a matter of time before everybody in this town is turned into one of them . and i m here to ensure that does nt happen ,  bram replied . newline newline  oh are ya ? how do you plan on doin  that , hot shot ?  newline newline  i m from transylvania . i m the one that orchestrated the attacks ...  newline newline  and a great job ya did ,  interrupted the old man .  you already failed once before so why do nt ya just get lost and leave this town alone before you piss em off and makes things worse ?  newline newline  there were too many of them in transylvania and we simply could nt get to them all before one woke up and warned all the others . i lost many men that day and that s on me !  bram began to get agitated .  but based on how many we did manage to kill that day , there ca nt be any more than 20 of them left . i can kill the last 20 and that s what i m here to do .  newline newline  there s no way you can kill all of em without gettin  bit once .  newline newline  then it s a good thing i want to get bit .  newline newline  why in heavens would you want that ?  newline newline  after the attack in transylvania we discovered that one of the vamps had died almost instantly after biting one of the civilians . we did an autopsy of the man and the vampire and realized that they both were infected with a disease called sangue debolezza , which translates to  blood weakness  in italian . it s extremely rare and its origin is unknown and its virtually harmless to humans , sorta like how 95  of humans carry the mono virus but never have symptoms . my hope is that the virus is lethal to vampires and that s what caused the vamp to instantly die when the virus entered its bloodstream .  newline newline  so you infected yourself with the virus and plan to get bit on purpose in order to kill them all ? what makes you think they ll all even bite you ?  asked the old man . newline newline  the people of this town lock themselves away very well at night so the vampires have nt eaten in months . they ll be all over me .  newline newline  and what if you re wrong and this does nt work ?  newline newline  well , at least you ll have me out of your town .  newline newline  what s your last name ?  newline newline  why does it matter ?  newline newline  if this does nt work then we need to know who to laugh at . if it does work then we need to know the name of our hero .  newline newline  i m no hero ,  bram chuckled and walked away . newline newline that night newline newline bram stood alone in the middle of the street where he talked with the old man just hours earlier . bram looked at the window of the man s house where he could see his old eyes peering out through the blinds . every light was on in the house but that s the way it was with every occupied house . it did nt matter if the vamps knew that someone was in there because they would never go in if the lights were on . newline newline bram waved his arm at the old man , gesturing for him not watch . the man obeyed and bram found himself alone , once again . he reached into his trench coat and pulled a flask out of the pocket , guzzled the last of the whiskey and dropped the flask on the ground next to him . newline newline he took a deep breath and shouted ,  all right , ya bastards , let s do this !  newline newline seconds later he heard screams and the sound of windows shattering from the mansion at the end of the street as the vampires , driven by their hunger , flew out . the night sky was dark and all bram could see was their silhouettes in the moon light as they glided toward him . the first vamp was on him a mere 10 seconds after he yelled and sang its long fangs into his neck . bram screamed in pain as he fell to the ground and the others , 13 total , closed in around him and sank their teeth in . newline newline the old man could nt fight his curiosity and watched from his window . his eyes were open wide in horror as he watched the brave man sacrifice himself for the good of humanity . moments later , the man noticed the bottom of the pile of vampires begin to fall as the ones that bite first succumbed to the virus . it was nt long before the entire pile went limp and the feasting ceased . bram had done it ! all of the vampires were dead ! in the end , bram had to take his own life but he finished what he started and avenged the men that died trying to kill the vamps in transylvania , saving the town of winchesterton , and potentially the entire world , in the process ! newline newline the old man race out to the pile bodies as fast as he could to check on bram but it quickly became obvious that there was no life left in his body . the old man was looking down on the brave man s body when he noticed an engraving on the flask that bram took his last drink out of . he picked it up and saw the letters v.h . engraved in the silver . newline newline  v.h. ?  the old man asked to himself .  bram v.h ... v.h. ,  he repeated to himself , trying to figure out what it meant .  no . it ca nt be ,  he said as he began to realize .  abraham van helsing . last thoughts of an ill fated cupcake newline newline we awoke , already in rank and file , three by two . when we first felt the fresh air , we did nt know what it was . it was an entirely new sensation , a drug i  d only ever heard about . the joy vanished when the hand reached in and took out my sister . a tragically stunning red velvet , she was never going to last long . she went out brave , no screaming . i was proud . newline newline then we were put into the cupboard , common kit kats and rich tea biscuits to keep us company . but they see us for what we are : we  re artisan , so exquisitely beautiful it hurts the humans to eat us . but as long as we  re around , they  re safe . i mean who wants mass produced when you could have quality ? newline newline next the humans took two of us at once : the two cookies n  cream , no doubt to reaffirm some squabbling siblings of their equality . my other sister  s shitting it : she  s the remaining red velvet , so it  s only a matter of time before she goes . her smudged iceing might not win her any beauty contests , but it sure as shit ai nt gon na save her anymore . newline newline me and the other guy , we  re just banoffees . not many want us and even fewer lust after us the same way they did towards my sisters . i always felt as if my nature sorta undermined me . i wanted to be chosen first by the humans , to know i was gorgeous the same way my brothers and sisters were . but know that i  m here man , i  ll tell ya , i  m glad i  m banoffee , i really am . because i don  t wan na go out man . i just wan na be forgotten about in here , grow stale , then be thrown out . the kit kats snicker at me . they say it never happens like that . i  ll be gone by tomorrow , they say . newline newline quiet ! i can hear the cupboard door open . newline who the fuck are you ?  we both said in unison . newline newline  well my name is james ... is this some sort of trick ?  again , said like we had rehearsed it together . with spoton matching voices . he looked exactly like me , too , except for his somehow tripleparted hairstyle  it would nt suit me and it certainly did nt suit him  . there are few thoughts more stressful than a situation where you say the exact same thing , at the exact same time as someone . i was beginning to think that the 18 hours of traveling through absolute darkness , deeper than any human had gone before , had brought me to some offhand strain of egotistical hell . newline newline  shit . i hope this is nt what i think it is .  said the spittingimage of me nervously , who apparently also had a knack for unfiltered language . luckily , i had held my breath . newline newline we both could tell the same thought process had gone through our heads , and each of us  although not together  let out a sigh of relief . where the fuck was i and who was this clone ? newline newline just hours earlier while i thought my submarine was going deeper and deeper into the mariana trench , the depth gauge started to decrease like i was going back to the surface . i had nt changed my course , but i figured something was wrong with the submarine  after all , it had never dealt with such high underwater pressure before  . eventually , as i started to reach the surface and light began to fracture the water , i knew i was somewhere very different . although just as translucent as any ocean , this water was a bright yellow . like a fairly dehydrated piss yellow . newline newline once my sub was floating , i opened the hatch to see where i was . what i figured was about a mile away was what looked like a continental landmass with a gigantic city on it . not the type of city that i thought had ever existed , because the sheer width of it spanned the entire coastline . i had volunteered for this mission to explore new frontiers , so i figured i may as well go check the city out . either someone in my crew had slipped me acid , or i had just made the biggest discovery since jet fuel turned out to not melt steel beams . newline newline i got close enough to make out a harbor , where i putted into and tied the sub up next to some boats designed with styles that seemed a little bit off . no one was there except for what turned out to be this other james guy . newline newline before james from this strange city could speak , i quickly said ,  where am i , and are you my clone ?  newline newline  i was just going to ask you the latter , funnily enough . you ve just entered eltteas , the biggest city in the world . i work and own this marina . where are you from ? it does nt look like you could ve crossed the entire cificap in that little thing ,  gesturing toward my sub and letting out a snidey laugh as if making fun of my incredibly hitech exploratory vehicle that cost millions of dollars . do i sound like that ? i should probably laugh less frequently . newline newline  this place is nothing like where i m from . well , i guess it is , but everything seems kind of backwards . i m from the us . i went into the mariana trench  the deepest , most mysterious place on planet earth with the intent to explore in the name of humanity and adventure .  sure it sounded kind of braggy , but i felt the need to impress this guy . to somehow seem better than him . newline newline  well , you are nt on planet earth or in the us  , wherever the hell that is . you re on halnd in su . are you on drugs ?  newline newline  no , i m not on drugs , asshole . i do nt know how , but it looks like i somehow entered a portal that has taken me here . i do nt mean to sound like an alien , but should you take me to your leader or something ?  newline newline halnd james kind of laughed at first , but said  yeah i guess so , come with me . we ve got to figure out what s going on . for a frame of reference , not everyone looks like us .  i guess i did nt look half bad when i smiled ? at this point , perhaps i could learn a lot from this otherwordly james . for starters we both needed haircuts . newline newline james took out a cellphone  i saw him dial 119 , not surprising at this point  , and told them it was nt an emergency , but we needed to talk to someone important . he motioned to walk up the dock to the marina building and showed me the office where he worked at . on his desk was a picture of him and his family  two kids and a wife  . no , they were my two kids and wife .  i have that picture on my desk !  i told him . at this point , he did nt say anything , instead knowingly looking at me . he was right , we probably did nt need to talk much since we were literally the same person . while we were waiting to be picked up by some halnd or su officials , i asked where i could find the bathroom , since submarines are nt the best for that type of thing . newline newline  my ... my pee is blue . what the shit james ? !  i yelled . newline newline he yelled back , saying ,  clearly you are nt hydrated enough , it should be closer to red !  newline newline newline i definitely was nt on earth anymore . newline newline newlineour plan is is moving along nicely . we see hatred in ken s eyes . he knows we killed his brother . we quietly leave the body we had made as it releases the spore in its final whimper . as it borrows into is mind , we remind him that sam s death was his wish , not our s . we make sure he is well paid for his assistance . power , intelligence , a chance to play the hero , and even the fulfillment of his greatest wish . and all he has to do is make the monster from his  dreams .  months down the line , ken disappears for the first of many times . he finds himself on the shores of the dark ocean , and as another wish is granted by horrors even we take care to avoid . he soon returns to our world , not as a tamer , but as the emperor . we ca nt help but lend him our power . seems the puppet has reversed the strings .news report following the election of donald trump as the 45th president of the united states newline newline reporter :  donald trump won a marginal victory receiving 271 of the electoral college votes yesterday and despite calls for recounts in the capital , washington d.c. where trump won almost unanimously , there seems to be a republican stepping into the white house again . newline newline after the capital threw out its democratic roots , it did nt seem like things could get any stranger , but they did . what we are going to play you now are clips from donald trump s acceptance speech ... newline newline ... first there was this :  newline newline cuts to trump standing behind a podium surrounded by supporters newline newline  i knew you would elect me . it was the only real choice you had and now that you have elected me , the real work begins ! time to start deporting those illegals ! they re taking up our space in this beautiful and proud nation of ours and i think it s only fit that we give them all the space they can get !  newline newline   reporter : and then there was this oddity of a comment :   newline newline  and as for those chinamen who keep pumping the world s media full of lies about  air quote  global warming  air unquote  , i think it s time we warm them up a little bit and show them how hot it can really get !  newline newline cuts back to studio newline newline reporter :  who knows what this presidentelect is planning to do ? it should be exciting to find out !  newline newline 3 years later newline newline reporter :  today president trump unveiled plans to colonize the planet mars by sending all the damn illegals  on a 8 month journey to the red planet . it is reported that mexico will appeal to the u.n. over this mistreatment of its citizens with mexican president enrique pea nieto claiming that trump is a modern day nazi  newline newline this comes almost a year to the day that trump sent 10,000,000 space heaters to the people s republic of china in what he said was a way to show those guys over there in communist land that if they keep telling lies then america is going to turn up the heat !  newline newline ... in other news there have been new calls from the democrat party for the impeachment of donald trump after he used government funds to put the trump organization s logo on the moon , they say that it is not only a flagrant violation of office but that it was totally uncalled for to destroy the 1969 moon landing site because it was , in president trump s words , an eye sore  ... it comes to this ?  lorem said , pained . by the lantern s light , he looked even more haggard than he had earlier in the day . the shadows deepened the wrinkles of the long years since they d seen each other , and highlighted the scars that tevon had watched him earn . lorem furrowed his brow  deepening the shadows further  and sighed ,  you truly wo nt back down ? you wo nt give her up ?  newline newline tevon s face , though suffering less scars than lorem s , still had its wounds nevertheless . these scars had once been a shared memory , a permanent monument to their great history , to the journey they had shared . now , they felt like wounds reopened to tevon . newline newline grimacing , tevon nodded .  you know me , lorem . you know that i wo nt give up for what i believe is right .  newline newline lorem shook his head , flabbergasted . tears stung at his eyes .  you speak of knowing , of understanding , and yet ... yet you can not bring yourself to believe in my cause ?  lorem s fists clenched , in his lap .  we fought together for years , united as one . my blade , your sorcery . my intelligence , your wisdom . and we won .  the fire flickered , shadowing lorem s face , as he looked away to the tent s entrance , out to the battlefield that lay outside . his gaze lingered , but he looked back to lorem , his face wiped of emotion . newline newline  we were brought together by fate . we were powered by destiny . our victory was prophecy  as was our journey , our foe , our life together ...  lorem could nt bring himself to even hide the tear that he shed .  and you deny that ? you deny fate itself ? you deny the prophecy that guided so many years of our lives ?  newline newline tevon crossed her arms .  lorem , i understand that prophecy is important to you   newline newline lorem scoffed .  important ! do you not remember how we met ? it was scarcely chance . i was sent to find someone like you , tevon . we would never have met if it were nt for that .  newline newline tevon s expression darkened ominously .  i do not appreciate being interrupted , lorem . you have earned much kindness from me , even in these trying times  and we will forever share a bond , even on opposite sides of a battlefield . but to interrupt me when i am attempting to sympathize and make peace  that is not something i can accept , even from one i love .  newline newline lorem winced , and nodded .  i apologize , tevon . it s just ...  he let himself trail away . he knew she would understand . newline newline and she did  she nodded , leaning back , resting her arms on her lap .  i do . now , as i was saying ... this has always been our largest divide , lorem . in the stars you see writing . in them , i see nothing ,  tevon looked up , as if her eyes could pierce the tent to look to the night sky . for all lorem knew , maybe she could . her magic had weakened with age , but her ingenuity had only grown , giving her a more subtle and intriguing style of magic .  i can not accept destiny . i can accept that we contrived to make a prophecy come true , but not that it was destined to be so .  newline newline lorem sighed .  it s just so hard to believe , tevon ... after all the things we witnessed ... after all the predictions of the prophecy ... and even your place in it . you see yourself as nothing more than a random bystander , chosen by chance , rather than the universe itself ?  newline newline tevon nodded , gravely . this was not a conversation she had ever enjoyed . and especially not in trying times such as now . newline newline  lorem , if you had not found me , you would have found some other sorceress who would have agreed to help you find some unknown evil . and two ambitious and powerful allies , on a quest to find evil , will surely find it somewhere ... it s everywhere around us , after all .  tevon said these words ominously , but was careful to keep the intent clear  the two of them in this tent were good . but around them , this battlefield , this war  that was evil . she let her thoughts return to speech   around us on both sides .  newline newline lorem leaned back into his chair , his lips pursed . he nodded , slowly . he had thought the same .  this war is contrived . even as we find ourselves naturally coming to fight each other , from our own beliefs ...  he knew tevon would pick up on his thought . indeed , she was thinking it herself  newline newline  whether by destiny or manipulation , there is another force at play . yes ,  tevon looked down to her hands , which she was wringing anxiously .  yet despite of this , i can not back down . and you can not either ,  she quickly noted , looking back up to lorem with a hint of questioning in her voice . to her dismay , he nodded in answer . newline newline  no harm will come to the girl , tevon . you know this . she will be watched , and kept safe , and raised and grown as any member of royalty would .  lorem shuffled papers on the table again . possible agreements , treaties , compromises .  but we can not let her out of our sight . it is better to be safe than sorry .  newline newline  you truly think so ? you know just as well as i do that your side yearns for her death more than her imprisonment . better to be safe than sorry  , as you said .  tevon cast a disdainful glance at the papers  all of it insipid with politics and some shrewd hand at work , all to kill a little girl . newline newline  i will protect her , i promise , tevon . it is my duty .  newline newline tevon nodded .  i know it is your duty . but you know why i protect her , do nt you ?  newline newline lorem s anger drained quickly , in the face of tevon s unflinching defense . it had baffled him , when they first met , to know she listened to none of the prophecies , gave no heed to any of the stars , followed none of the celestial paths  yet she was a hero nonetheless , devoted to saving people and risking her life to do so . how could she do it without a greater purpose ? and the answer was  newline newline  you make your own purpose , tevon , from your heart . your actions are indeed honorable , and i appreciate them , i do . they are why i love you , tevon , even to this moment . justice  honor  you do nt want the girl charged with a crime she has yet to commit ,  lorem let his hand fall on his silver belt , the symbol of his faith . the cool metal soothed him normally , but now , it felt hot to the touch .  yet in the face of prophecy , the crime was committed eons ago . we can not change that . but we can be there to minimize that , to give her a chance to change her stars before we must ...  he let the eventual necessity  go unsaid . newline newline  and you can not let her do that herself ? even if we are to assume the prophecy is true , we know  from experience  that prophecy can change . one of us was fated to die , lorem , in our journey . and neither of us did . we changed that .  tevon said , desperate with emotion .  why can we not let this girl change her own fate ?  newline newline lorem sighed .  we can not leave the future of the world to chance .  newline newline tevon raised an eyebrow .  where do you think this war sprang up from , lorem ? views such as yours that restrict the fates of men , that judge them before any mortal man could , that assume a monster out of a mere babe , are what have driven men to war . me and you were lucky to be chosen for good , lorem . the people who are destined for greatness and good futures will not decry a system that crushes and tramples the futures of many more . predestination , whether for good or for ill , is not how we should live .  newline newline tevon let her fury simmer down . before lorem could speak up , she raised a hand , stopping him . newline newline  regardless even of that , this prophecy is a contrivance , lorem . it pains me to know you ca nt see that . someone has found our dividing question , and driven it between us , as a wedge . this is a ploy to separate us in a time where there must be some need for us .  newline newline lorem constrained anger in his heart .  i will not accept criticism of the augur s work , tevon . it is divine , from the stars themselves  those words could not be altered for any mortal scheme , i assure you , whether you believe it or not . i must act on these words . it is my duty , as it has been since i was a boy . it was the duty that brought me to you , even .  newline newline  i know . i will not fault you for following your duty . but nobody can judge you if you fail while attempting to .  newline newline  i will not fail ,  lorem said , conviction creeping into his voice .  i can not afford to .  newline newline  i m sorry , lorem ,  tevon said , rising from her chair .  but i m the one who will decide the price of your failure .  newline newline with a wave of her hand , tevon bound lorem with magic to the chair . the glow of aether transmuting into steel made the tent bright , but the flaps of the tent were held down by a wind tevon had been stirring for the entire conversation . before lorem could shout , tevon wrapped his mouth with a cloth wrapping she pulled from the aether . it was thin , but would do  there was no aether left in the area around them to use , after the expenditure needed for the steel bindings . newline newline  i m not going to let us fall into a war devised by some unknown adversary , and have us kill each other , or at the very least , one of us die from some pawn soldier . if there is to be war , then you shall not be in it .  tevon turned to lorem , tears running down her cheeks .  i love you too much for that .  newline newline lorem looked to her , his outrage fading away , being replaced by a bittersweet tempest of love and sorrow across his features . newline newline  i wo nt let this war come to pass , lorem . i will stop it before it does . i will find the man behind this prophecy , who drove us apart like this   newline newline tevon looked to lorem , with a fire burning in her eyes . newline newline  and i will end him . today s gon na be the best day . it s finally the end of the school day on my 10th birthday , and my best friend adam told me about the party he heard my mom planning for me at my house after school today . i walk out of school and to the bus with a skip in my step , which drew some attention from others , but i do nt care . it s my day , i can do what i want . adam and i sit together , as always , and play our usual card game , war . we ve been playing together on the bus for years , but we do nt really keep score . it s just fun to play . by the time we pull up to our stop , we throw the cards back in my bag and start walking up to my house . i see my dad s car first , and a smile lights up my face . he never gets home this early . as adam and i run up to the front door , something feels wrong . there s no music , no laughter , nothing  just silence and a funny smell coming from inside the house .everyone waited with baited breath as rosenfel thought for a few minutes . suddenly the assembler sprung into life creating and destroying works of art in moments . each one more fabulous than the last . newline newline some of the crowd faint at the beauty of the items created , while others storm out as it creates things that are far beyond what they could have possibly imagined . newline newline finally the assembler stops and the remaining people scurry forwards vying to get a better view . newline newline sitting on the assemblers base is an easel with a blank canvas and a set of brushes and paints , a potters wheel with a lump of fresh clay with tools and a block of marble with a hammer and chisels . newline newline shaking their heads , the audience leaves . for the computer has indeed created the perfect work of art .a harsh suckle infiltrated orville s bramblelike ear hair . he noticed harold s mouth hanging off his arm . newline newline  what s that ? ehhh !  orville smacked the top of harold s head . harold s feeble jaw released as he stumbled about a foot backwards . like a rusted spring , harold s octogenarian legs diverted his body back at orville . harold slowly raised both hands and moaned at his target through his dentureless mouth . orville confused the moans as a retaliatory scream . newline newline harold sluggishly made a gravityassisted lunge at orville . thinking on his spry , 86 year old feet , he planted his stance and lifted up his cane , redirecting his zombified friend . harold tumbled to the ground at a falling balloons pace , landing squarely on his leg . it was his bad worse leg , and after the collision harold futilely tried to get up . newline newline orville stared , his mind attempting to catch up with the incredible pace of the past two actions . meanwhile , harold gummed at the jogging pants armor on orville s leg . newline newline orville s senile appraisal of the situation came back empty . as he usually did when he found himself in these frequent moments of disorientation , he tried to avoid potentially having to answer any questions by ignoring the whole thing and changing the subject . newline newline  quitting being a goof harold ! we have to make it to the jc penny by 9:05 ! their coupons for this month expire today , so we need to be the first customers to beat the checkout lineups !  newline newline harold was unable to get up , but his undead gums continued to suck orville s pants like a clogged vacuum . orville pulled his leg away and harold moaned an elderly , raspy grumble . newline newline the garage entrance to the mall and the side staff entrance were already open , but all the stores remained locked with their cage and plexiglass security doors . attracted by harold s undead groans , two employees of a nearby clothing store stumbled in the wails direction with their zombie gaits . the first bounced off the display window , setting off a dominochain of falling mannequins which created an audibly offensive percussion orchestra that echoed throughout the empty mall , attracting more creatures . newline newline out of a nearby washroom came squeaked a mop bucket being pushed by a onearmed pale custodian who had vomit dripping down his mouth and shirt . close behind was a girl in a hotdog stand uniform , chewing on the custodians severed arm . from the direction orville and harold had been walking , a mall security guard was riding in an topless golf cart , but it  s rubber tire gripped the wall , riding it all the way past orville and harold . newline newline orville looked around .  harold , look at this . now all these snotnose kids are tinkerin  in our buisness . you  re 80 ! you don  t need a damn nurse yet ! get up , you baby !  he turned to the custodian .  don  t need no help thanks ! l all fine ! tying his shoe ! don  t embarass us harold !  newline newline as the hotdog girl and custodian staggered closer and harold incessantly groaned on the floor orville began to notice that they weren  t coming to help harold , but were coming straight for himself . newline newline  hey ! he  s the one attacked me ! he  s halfjap , and i have them veterans reflexes.  orville clenched his cane as the two got closer . newline newline at that moment the security guards buggy hit a sharp corner , which reoriented him in orvilles direction . orville saw the guard approaching , and he stepped to the side and he wound up his cane in anticipation . nine heartracing seconds later the vehicle was within cane  s length and orville swung at the passing guard . the guard fell off the back , but orville hooked the steering wheel with the handle of his cane ! it pulled orville a few inches where he tripped over the groundflailing harold and landed miraculously into the drivers position of the vehicle . newline newline orville  s mind hadn  t caught up to his reflexive instincts and he tried piecing the previous few moments together as he coasted down the mall . newline newline  what was i doi oh yeah . the jc penny.  orville checked his watch , 9:02 . newline newline harold will just have to meet me there ,  orville thought to himself . newline newline the front doors of the mall unlocked automatically at 9am , letting in a sea of zombie shoppers . orville drove the car down the mall , rolling over the undead shoppers as he advanced towards his destination . newline newline  use a sidewalk , hippies !  i was nt doing anything wrong ! i do nt understand why you re yelling at me . i ca nt very well ignore the only friends i had in my old life just because i now have this new one .  newline newline she kicked off her heels and sat down on the side of their bed to take off her stockings . newline newline he pinched the bridge of his nose and used that voice she had grown to hate , the voice that meant he was barely containing his annoyance with her . newline newline  elle . honey . i know that you were lonely when you were living with your stepmother , but they are not your friends , okay ? please , you have to stop doing this .  newline newline  do nt take that tone with me ! and do nt you dare insult my friends . how can you even stand there and say that to me ? !  newline newline  they re fucking mice ,  elle . they carry disease and they leave droppings all over the castle floors and they jump up on the dining room table and scare my parents  friends half to death . and then on top of that , you pick the thing up in your hand and start singing to it .  newline newline her face reddened and she felt that feeling in the pit of her stomach , the one she had nt felt since she was a small child . newline newline  so that s what this is about . i embarrass you in front of your fancy friends . is that it ?  newline newline  no , that s not it .  newline newline  jesus christ , charming , just nut up and admit that your hick wife humiliates you in front of people who actually count .  newline newline  you know what ? yes . okay ? are you happy ? you embarrass me . you speak out of turn , you insist on making your own clothing , and i swear to god if i have to ask you one more time to stop hanging out with the servants at official functions , i am going to lose it . i wish ... .  newline newline she d been waiting for it . ever since they d returned from their honeymoon and been forced to face the practical realities of their lives , she d been waiting for him to realize that he could nt keep up this charade anymore . newline newline he d turned his back to her and gone out on the balcony . she saw that he was smoking and smothered her annoyance . they d promised to quit together . newline newline she grabbed her coat and joined him outside .  you should just say it . you ll feel better and we can start actually facing this .  newline newline he could nt bring himself to look at her .  face what ?  newline newline  come on . do you really think i do nt understand how you feel ? i m not an idiot . i know i do nt fit in here . this is what happens when you marry a maid who s been kept locked up for the better part of her adolescence .  she grabbed his cigarette and took a drag . newline newline he sighed .  elle , i do nt know what i m doing , okay ? all i know is that i love you .  he finally turned to face her .  but ... i do nt know . maybe   maybe that s not enough . if i was just some average guy ... but i m not . newline and this is nt your fault , you know ? you did nt do anything wrong . i just did nt prepare you . i was born into this  i ve lived it since the moment i took my first breath .  newline newline he stepped toward her and wrapped her in his arms . she rested her cheek on the scratchy wool of his jacket and draped her arms around his waist . newline newline  i love you too , darling . please do nt give up on me . i promise , i ll be better . i ll take classes , i ll stop talking to gusgus in public , i ll do whatever it takes , okay ? please .  newline newline she felt him sigh again and knew it would nt be enough . she hardened her heart and her resolve . newline newline he stroked her hair and said , just barely above a whisper ,  i just do nt know if it ll be enough .  newline newline she stiffened in his arms and stepped back enough so that he could see her eyes . what he saw there made him jerk out of her grasp and back away . he felt the cold , hard marble of the railing through his coat . newline newline  i need you to pay attention , okay , my love ? because i will only say this once . i will do everything i can to become the princess you need me to be . and in return , you will never bring this up again . do you understand me ?  newline newline  elle , i do nt    newline newline  shut up . you are not really in a position to speak back to me right now . because whether you live or die , i m still better off than i was in that shithole with those bitches running my life .  newline newline he stared at her as if he d never seen her before , his mouth hanging open and his eyes wide . newline newline she smiled and then reached up to stroke his cheek with her hand .  do nt worry , dear . i do nt want to make anything bad happen to you . i rather like you , to be honest . but i wo nt go back there . i ve earned this . and i know a dozen poisons that make death look natural . just be good and it wo nt come to that . i ll stick to my word and get started on those princess lessons tomorrow , okay ?  newline newline she kissed him softly on the cheek , since his mouth was still open wide , and turned to go back inside .  it s getting chilly , love . come to bed soon .  newline newline  i do nt believe you .  it sounded more like a croak than a human voice . newline newline she turned back to him and smiled .  that s fine . you do nt need to take my word for it . just ask my father .  newline newline newline newline ... and they lived happily ever after .eyes opened eyes opened eyes opened newline stay awake they say newline caffeine they say newline awake forver , eyes opened on the world newline never newline close newline  but why ?  newline no dreams for me they say newline no sleep for me they say newline drugs newline keep me awake newline awake forever newline eyes opened eyes opened newline blinking newline do not blink too long newline  i can see the dreams when i blink  newline no sleep newline never newline take another sip they say newline it s for your own good newline they say newline and yet i do nt feel good newline  maybe the bed would make me feel good  newline i know the cup in wich i drink newline never out of my sight newline i know of newline every newline single newline second newline of its presence here newline  why not blink a bit more ?  newline eyes opened eyes opened eyes opened newline do not newline lie down newline eyes opened eyes opened newline take some mor caffeine they say newline  sweet dreams on the corner of my eye  newline you do nt need sleep they say newline  they call me forth  newline no dreams newline  i wan na join them  newline for me newline  i wan na bury my head in them  newline they say newline  and lie forever on my bed  newline no sleep ... newline newline they do nt say anything anymore ...i was looking through the mailbox when i found a package that said ,  merry christmas .  when i brought it home , i ripped through the paper and saw that it was a new game . a free video game ! i set up the game on my pc and instantly started playing . the character information popped up . there was an elf , a swordsman , and a magician . being the magiclover that i am , i chose the magician . i named her aisha . she looked like a real person , with her brown eyes and blonde hair . using the arrow keys , i veered aisha to some gates , only to be stopped by some men who started lecturing me about the dangers that lurked outside , blah blah blah . i ignored them and stepped out of the gates . what i saw made my eyes bug out . there were lots of people , but what made me freeze was what they were doing . they were killing each other , either with a sword , a wand like mine , or a very sharp looking stick . real looking blood was splattering every inch of the ground , and when a character died , they fell to the ground , screaming blood curdling murder . i spotted a group of people that were together as a murder team , who instantly starting coming towards aisha . terrified , i ran back to the gates , trying to get back inside the safe zone . as soon as i reached the opening , a invisible barrier thing blocked me , keeping me from coming inside . turning around to face the group , i watched as they muttered ,  another one , eh ? that s too bad . well , the less people there are , the better .  one of them slashed at me with her knife , leaving a bloody scar on the side of my arm . i immediately dropped the controller , feeling a sudden ache in my left arm . i looked for a scar , like the one in my video game , but i found none . i watched helplessly as the team took turns slashing at me , each slash bringing a new painful scar in real life . i tried pleading and begging for them to stop , but they did nt listen . then , a young boy , probably about 11 , grinned at me and whispered ,  good night .  then everything went black .i looked in the closet , moving some stuff around , hoping to find my old coat since my new one had broken . i felt a small box and pulled it out . it was a small red box , used for holding a wedding ring . newline newline  ahahaha , oh good memories .  i said , remembering her , my wonderful wife . newline newline i remembered how i proposed to her , my face when she said no , the emotions that led me to sneak into her house , grab the kitchen knife , and stab her . newline newline  ah , the birth of the new and improved me .  newline newline of course , some of my victims say i am crazy and delusional , that i see things and i should let them live . i chuckled . newline newline  honey , are you coming to bed ?  my wife said . newline newline  yes dear ,  i said as i put the box away and walked to the room . newline newline   yeah , i know this sucks .  thomas groaned as he pushed himself away from his office desk and walked to the door .  might as well get it over with .  he turned the knob and pushed the door open . newline newline suddenly , the young man s vision became flooded with the sight of dead bodies , massive explosions , and armored soldiers firing at enormous worms with razorsharp teeth .  another world where the planet s attacked by aliens or mutants or something .  he closed the door shut , sighed , and opened it again . newline newline this time , thomas saw a volcanic wasteland where shelledlizards the size of wolves scurried about , eating whatever rocks their tongues smelled as pleasant .  although the heat of the world burned at his face , thomas only huffed .  so what s this ? the earth never cooled or whatever ? geez .  once more he closed the door tight . newline newline  third time s the charm . no whamies , no whamies , no wham .  thomas opened up the door to the sight of himself , in the exact same outfit , in the exact same room , only the thomas he saw was pulling the door open instead of pushing it . newline newline  let me guess , you re looking for it too ?  newline newline the other thomas scratched his head .  .oot ti rof gnikool eruoy gnissueg mi tub , dias uoy tahw wonk tnod i  newline newline thomas blinked twice , but then both he and his clone sighed and closed the door . newline newline again and again thomas opened and closed it . he saw the middle of an interstate . the void of space . dinosaurs roaming the planet . he quickly shut the door when a flood started pouring into his office . newline newline  that last one really was nt what i needed right now !  newline newline a world where people flew . a land where arms grew out of people s necks , which grew out of their toes . a planet filled with talking flowers that raised upsidedown trucks in pots . newline newline again and again and again . for hours and hours . world after world after world . newline newline  for the love of god ! can i get a break !  thomas threw open the door one more time and the anger vanished . he smiled brightly as he placed three different door stops under the door and also placed a thick encyclopedia on the edge of the door frame . newline newline the young man , still with a warm smile , took a few careful steps forward , tapping the tiles and rugs beneath him carefully , and then gently kicking the porcelain bowl .  finally ...  newline newline with a long , happy sigh , thomas unzipped his pants and went to the bathroom .mindy watched edgnightwatch  pacing back and forth inside the underground lair , her arms crosses as she waited . as was often the case after a close call , the shadowed hero of drevin  was spending the day fretting over a whatif that did nt matter . newline newline she sighed , rolling her eyes .  even if they figure it out , nobody is going to belie  newline newline  you do nt know that !  nightwatch snapped ,  i think he saw a fang !  newline newline  nobody would believe him if he did ! he s a criminal !  mindy replied , exasperated .  any superhero that operates at night is going to have some crazy say they re a vampire .  newline newline he stopped pacing , turning to face her and indicating himself irritably as he spoke .  but i am a vampire !  newline newline it was the same thing every time , and mindy rubbed her temples , trying to keep the stress headache at bay . she d been his human servant long enough to know it was nt just him . vampires as a whole tended to be a little unhinged , and every last one of them was paranoid . newline newline  you smashed his head into a wall , nothing he remembers is even going to  mindy did nt even know why she bothered , overwhelming compulsion to help him or not , nightwatch was nt listening . newline newline no , this was the part where he got his brilliant  idea to solve the problem  . mindy looked around the room , trying to remember where she d left that bottle of advil . newline newline nightwatch straightened , hitting his fist into the upturned palm of his other hand .  i ve got it ! i just need to kill him !  a triumphant expression spreading over his face . newline newline of course , you need to kill him ! murder will solve all your problems , it s the vampire way .  mindy thought dryly . newline newline i heard that .  newline newline  killing every potential problem is nt a practical approach . you re trying to play the hero , remember ? heroes do nt murder to solve their problems .  it was like trying to explain morals to a five year old . newline newline  why ever not ?  he blustered , as if anything to the contrary was preposterous .  how do they expect to get anything done ?  newline newline  they do the right thing , wait and watch to see if the person knows , then scare  but do nt torture  the knowing party into not talking . they trust the good people of the city to keep their secrets .  newline newline  that s insane !  newline newline you re insane .   no , it s difficult . that s why they re heroes . because they do the right thing even when it s hard .  newline newline nightwatch sighed and flopped back into his leather chair , pulling off the mask to reveal the sharp , angled features so common among the noble dead .  fine , i wont kill him .  newline newline mindy gave her master a small smile , glad that he d chosen , yet again , to play the part of hero .the angels , amires , can you hear em singing , aye ?  newline the moonlight casted a dim shadow from nerehai s body that completely covered amires , who was lying on the ground with a hole the size of a silver dollar in his chest . the bullet put him down to the ground even before he could get up . newline newline their voice is soft , like a subtle whisper in your ear . it is as if the words were one with the wind  newline nerehai left his gun in the ground and sat right next to amires , just looking at him , waiting for the man to fall dead . newline the trees around them slowly danced at the rythm of the sweet sonata . newline newline they sing about death , amires , and they do so beautifully  newline yeah , he was listening to it now . their voices were sweet and soft and the melody was urging him to join them . he could feel every inch of his skin crawling at the sensation of the life leaving his body throught his chest , just to try and join the angel s chorus that sang his last melody . newline sorry , road s closed ,  the policeman said ,  you ll have to detour down simone boulevard today .  newline newline  what again ?  the elderly lady ahead of me complained . newline newline the policeman was apologetic , but he shook his head sadly .  sorry , mam . central and hannigan both took poundings from the noon wave , and the incendiaries have got the fire watch plenty busy . we really need the public to stay clear this afternoon while they work .  i just shook my head , but she snorted with disgust and stalked off like it was a personal affront from the archduke . who knows ? maybe when i ve seen a couple more decades of warfare i ll feel more like she does too . newline newline so now i was walking home along ramsgate boulevard  only a few of the buildings were burned here as yet  , and i looked toward the northern military complex . surrounded by bulwarks of thick stone , the complex protects the approach to the mountains within which our own magnetic torpedo launchers are stored . newline newline i could see soldiers in full armor walking the walls , but aside from two who man a pair of spy glasses , searching the sky for incoming , they have little to do . there was a time , my grandfather told me , when we took some comfort at how quickly a barracks full of their brethren in arms could deploy throughout the city if the enemy came , but since the torpedoes were invented , warfare is all conducted from afar now . never thought we d see the day . newline newline now , there in the mountain complex are the long metal tubes lined with half a mile of carefully woven electromagnetic coils over well oiled tracks . when i and some of my fellow civilians heard the familiar hum of the electric powered magnetic coils charging up , we paused , and looked up at the compound , waiting for the show . newline newline moments later a barrage of magnetically accelerated torpedoes emerged from the hillside , their short stubby wings guiding them on carefully chosen paths while keeping them aloft for the twenty six mile trip across the border where they will pound the enemy s nearest cities with our own magnesium ignited oil payloads , hopefully burning down some of their buildings to get back for some of our own . newline newline  give em hell , boys !  a middle aged man beside me said , and several of us nodded our agreement as we watched the torpedoes shooting away out of sight almost faster than the eye could follow . newline newline years ago , when i was back in school yet , i listened while one of my classmates prattled on about how these new terror weapons would soon put an end to war .  think about it ,  he had said ,  no more swords , no more crossbows , no more seeing your enemy coming across the field of battle . just blammo , death from above , any time , no warning . cities burning , and you ca nt stop what you ca nt see coming . who s gon na want to keep that up ? you ll see !  newline newline yeah , sure . thing is , even though you d never get me to admit it today , there was a time when i actually thought maybe he was right . but each year just brings more sophisticated torpedoes with bigger payloads that burn hotter , or maybe throw shrapnel when they crash down . and we respond with more tunnels in the mountains , and better torpedoes of our own . if i were talking to my friend today , i d tell him he was an idiot , and how nothing stops war . nothing . newline newline i shook my head . show was over . it was time to get home before night falls . newlineoh shit , how do we apply for a baby next ? !  he thought , walking towards the elevator in the hotel room . i wonder if you have to send a coupon or something in the mail ... no wait , that would be inefficient .  newline newline  where do you want to eat tonight , babe ?  she said pushing the button ,  i was thinking somewhere romantic to help set the mood . i want the show tonight , you know what i mean , like our second date .  newline newline this woman , i do nt even know how babies are born and yet all she can think about is food . this is going to be a long night , what if she springs an application on me and it needs to be freaking notarized ! ? holy shit , alright ! damn it ! i have to google this .  while he looked around , he notice she was feeling more touchy as they rode the elevator up to their room . she held on to his arm until the door opened . newline newline  well , i ll map out some good four star restaurants and see if we can get a table ? okay ?  they walked down the hall way to their room with a view , but all he could think about was opening his phone up to find out a few lingering questions . newline newline while she got ready , they found a table at a place called adega , he was laying on the bed looking for his answers to his questions . he even texted his mom . newline newline mom . sos . need some help .  read his first text as he started to scroll through his google finds . newline newline how is the vacation son ? did melissa see the tower ? your father got a flying drone , whatever that is .  her message came through while opening a wikihow page . newline newline it s going great ma , she did , i think she was whelmed . how did dad get a drone ! ?  her shower started up , and she began to sing a song she liked . newline newline he got it from your uncle , i guess he did nt know how to work it and his phone did nt fit the camera . remember , how your uncle likes flip phones .  crap , this was getting off topic . he had to reel it back in . newline newline uncle buck is weird . anyway , mom . how do you apply for a baby ?  his wikihow page did nt give any helpful information , but when to talk to your kids about where babies come from , knowing when the perfect age to talk about it , and to be calm and comfortable while talking . fuck , this is difficult . newline newline oh , you want to go that route . well , your father was hoping you would have some of your own . you know how he is about blood lines . your brother mikey is on his second one now , your sister is on her third , and i think your brother alex told me the news about his girlfriend . you should just try first before you apply .  okay , that was more confusing than anything . newline newline ma , i just want to have the best baby possible . melissa wants to have a baby , but i do nt know how to get one . i just want to know how do you go about getting a baby ? dad never told me how you get one , did you guys pick me out from somewhere or did you have to apply ?  his read of the wikihow page was growing stale . when he waited for his mom s reply the reply bubble was forming but she never replied . melissa walks out the bathroom . newline newline  how about we get started before dinner ...  she said taking off her bath towel ,  did you want to role play again ?  newline newline he on the other hand , was nt too into the idea . he did nt want to ask her , and then have her be upset all through dinner about him not knowing how to get a baby . so he got up and said ,  i m gon na get in the shower .  smooth . newline newline  aww , come on . how about i get back in there with you , then ?  she said as he walked by , she looked very , very , stunningly , very amazing . his wording did nt make sense , but neither did how good she looked naked at the moment . newline newline  i know you want to take your time to get ready , babe , just save it , and we will test out the efficiency of that mattress after dinner ?  he leans into kiss her and she tries one last hail mary by biting his lip . he pulls away and quickly goes into the bathroom . fucking babies ...  he thinks to himself , wild eyed , and leaning against the door . newline newline the restaurant was gorgeous , and she looked amazing in her red dress , her hair all put up , and he always liked the way her heels sounded when she walked beside him . they ordered some good food , had some wine , and laughed like nothing was wrong . he thought about babies the entire time , about 31 different times when they were nt talking . newline newline as soon as they got back to their hotel , during the ride up to the room , melissa started feeling feisty . she held him against the elevator wall , but all he could think about was getting down to the court tomorrow to get their ... wait , i did nt fill out an application .  his phone dings , his mom messaged him back . newline newline aww baby . that s not how babies are made , you have to..  she grabbed him and pulled him in for a kiss . newline newline  holup babe .  he said as their lips were pressed together ,  i m trying to find something out .  newline newline  geezus , your mom can wait . i m not going to be blue balled on my vacation , besides we are going to get to work on our baby agreement ,  she grabbed his hands and took his phone . all he wanted to know was where babies came from . newline newline when they get into the room , she slips off her dress and climbs into bed . he watches as she places his phone beside the night stand . all he has to do is freak her to sleep and he can read the message . she gets under the covers , and raises her hand and beckons him over with one finger . he turns the lights down low and walks by his bag , pulls out a condom , and climbs on top of her . when she hears the condom being unwrapped in the dark she turns the light back on . newline newline  babe ! what are you doing ! ? i thought we were trying to make a baby ! ?  she grabbed his condom and threw it against the wall . newline newline  i m just being ...  he stops for a moment ,  wait , what ? !  newline newline he looks around to see where the condom landed , but no avail . newline newline  you have to have sex without protection to make a baby , stupid .  he looks at her in amazement , maybe it was the wine but he was nervous . newline newline  oh , okay . well how does this work ?  he lays down for a moment . newline newline  like this , dummy .  she climbs on top of him . newline newline when he wakes back up , she is gently breathing beside him . he could feel the sweat in the sheets , so he ran his hand down her sweaty back to confirm , holy crap , i never had sex like that before  , he thought to himself . that was a million times better . if someone told me about this before , i probably would nt have had sex with a condom at all . so , that s what jamal means by pull out game is strong ! ! holy shit , this changes everything .  newline newline he grabs his phone and opens up his messages from his mom ,  ... have sex without a condom . i know , i said you should nt have sex without one but the semen from you creates the baby in her . now your father made some pot brownies , i ve eaten one and i m going to eat smores with your niece and nephew . mikey is laughing , because i told him about our conversation , and he brought the babies over so he can read them . have a great vacation son .  newline newline fuck  , he says as he finds the condom on the ceiling ... wait , how did you get up there . she shot it past me .  so you see , i know you loved your father very much , but his body could no longer bear the burden of his illness . his physical form was in agony , that is why i exist , to guide his soul onto the next path .  death explained calmly to the two watery eyed little boys , and their mother who sat bravely behind them holding back her own tears . that dickhole santa has it so easy . his gift to the world is cheap and easy , like a gift wrapped whore . surely the world will understand that my gift to humanity is much more important . newline newline  bbbut why could nt he get better . will i ever see him again ?  one of the little boys sputtered between blubbering tears . newline newline death s gaze softened , billions of souls he had gripped from bodies and guided them into the afterlife , and never before had he confronted the mourning families .  you will see him again one day , in a very , very long time . but he will always be here  he placed a hand on his heart ,  nothing can take his memory away . that , i assure you , lasts forever .  newline newline the woman nodded , her lips tightening as she fought back a sob . newline newline  he was a good soul , and i should know  death dared a smile ,  he would hardly talk about anything else but his family .  newline newline  he s in heaven now ?  one of the other boys asked . newline newline  some call it heaven . some call it nirvana . but yes , he is in a peaceful place , a happy place , and he will watch you two grow old and strong .  it seemed to be working . the family s grief seemed to be eased .  can i get you a coffee ?  he asked the woman , as he rose to his feet and straightened his black suit . the woman nodded wordlessly , but with a smile . death stood and entered the kitchen , pouring a cup of fresh coffee before returning and handing the woman the cup .  so , is there anything else you might ask ?  newline newline the woman took a sip , then recoiled with a sharp frown ,  oh  she said , shaking her head . her eyes lowered into the cup and widened ,  what isis thatis that rabbit shit ?  she exclaimed rising to her feet in shock .  did you put shit in my coffee ? !  newline newline  whati  death sputtered , he took the mug from her , sure enough a handful of little brown pellets bobbed atop the coffee . newline newline  is that your joke ? you ca nt just take away my husband ? ! you have to feed us figurative and literal shit first ? ! is our struggle a game to you ? !  newline newline  no ! no i was trying to  death s hands clenched as he glanced out the window . a small little , white rabbit watched from the yard .  you !  he growled . he stormed out the front door and approached the rabbit ,  that was nt funny you little prick ! i will tear your soul from your spine and walk you on shattered glass for all eternity ! i the one who comes to reap the souls of the  newline newline  and now you re scaring the children , hollering like that ! get out of here you asshole !  the woman shouted out the partially opened door before slamming it shut . newline newline death kicked a small patch of grass , which instantly turned brown and wilted ,  you jesus fanboy s need to learn to play fair . pull a trick like that again and i ll leak the real truth about your stupid bearded  he growled and stormed off towards his motorcycle .as the empty hours passed , the night grudgingly inched towards daybreak . the horizon was ablaze , a harbinger of the blistering sun that could soon mercilessly beat upon his weary form unless the storm continued in its fury . newline newline holding out his hand to block out at least some of the orange glow , he could now discern riders on the horizon . though they were still on the far side of the blackened crater that may or may not have once been a town , they would be coming for him . newline newline as if on cue , the rain began to diminish . newline newline  it s gon na be a hot one .  he mumbled to nobody , his face raised skywards . his careless steps hindered by an unexpected stone jutting from the earth , he fell into the dense mud . he landed face to face with the empty eye sockets of a skull that also lay in the dark brown muck . a few feet beyond was the rest of the body . it was dressed in tatters of clothing now in an advanced state of decay . he caught a glimpse of a reflection as the sun peaked over the horizon , sending a golden beam to illuminate the gun belt around his new friend s waist . precious bullets still occupied numerous pockets of the leather bandoliers crisscrossing its sunken chest . newline newline he slowly raised himself to a standing position , hoisting his newly acquired treasures over his shoulder . he peered towards the riders , still distant specks on the blasted plain . newline newline  let them come .  he growled . newline newline    newline newline edit : pro tip ! sort by old to read this thread in order .  it s commonly known that wikipedia , now a subsidiary of the university of st louis , has been and continues to be the most effective monitoring tool for the association of registered time travellers . what is nt so wellknown is the large and highlyeducated and skilled team that tracks changes on wikipedia and identifies sudden anachronisms . we have a rare opportunity to tour the department of continuity at uc santa cruz and meet some of these capable and focused personnel . join me as we follow these intrepid , deskbound travellers virtually through time . newline newline  we begin here , in the foyer of the department of continuity . it looks like any other generic university building , but a lot of happening behind these closed doors . let s all get our visitor badges  yes , thank you mrs spatchcock  and assemble together before we enter these hallowed halls . newline newline  before we enter , i would like to tell you something about myself . i studied postgraduate at oxford university before coming to ucsc for my postdoctoral research into temporal flux . a lot of lay people do nt know that there is a certain amount of flexibility built into our natural timeline , so that certain small events can be changed without directly affecting the future of that timeline . i have experience though my research in 1921 yugoslavia , 1982 east berlin , 1864 district of columbia , and 1694 paris . by comparing events in these places and dates that have linear connections , i was able to make minor changes and see no visible change in the future outcome of large events .  newline newline  what about small ones ?  newline newline  well , small events do nt matter in the grand scheme of things . it s the mediumtolarge we have to be concerned with . someone s vegetable patch being trampled in 1820 is nt going to prevent war breaking out in 1939 , is it ? no , of course not . newline newline  anyway , the only way i could accurately judge any alterations in future timelines was with the support of the department of continuity . without them , i could nt have completed my research and defined the critical index of anachronistic change  that s allcapitals , if you re writing it down  which has impacted on how time travellers conduct themselves in the field . very important , epochal work .  newline newline  so ... you re saying anyone can travel back in time , do something small , and travel back to the present , and nothing will have changed ?  newline newline  exactly . well done , little girl . are you going to be a time traveller when you grow up ?  newline newline  no . but my dad will be .  newline newline  uh , i see . and are you here with your dad ?  newline newline  he s not born yet .  newline newline  ... oh ?  newline newline  no , but he told me that you are a complete twat and should never have been allowed to experiment with time .  newline newline  i think  mrs spatchcock !  that maybe we should go in now . mrs spatchcock ... mrs spatchcock !  mrs spatchcock will take you to get a lollipop , how does that sound ?  newline newline  my dad says you screwed up everything , and the bees are all your fault .  newline newline  the bees ? oh  the bees ! that explains it . never mind , mrs spatchcock , we re going to get to the bottom of it right away . the bees , of course . let s go in , everyone . newline newline  i want to introduce you first of all to olive . olive is our chief continuity overseer . she has been working here for twenty linear years . her only role is to ensure historical continuity . say hello , olive .  newline newline  hello , everyone .  newline newline  olive has a team of twenty wikipedia monitors . they each then have a network of assistants based all over the world , whose job is to track changes to wikipedia and confirm any anachronisms that pop up . it s a bit like playing memory sometimes  you look at an article , then look at it the next day and notice that one little sentence has changed , or a date of birth or death , and then their job is to investigate any followon from that change . for example , if oliver cromwell lived for ten years longer than he was supposed to , england would have been a very different nation by now . newline newline  now , i particularly want to introduce you to steve . steve , are you free ? good . please come and join us . steve , i d like you to say hello especially to this young miss . she has a particular comment about the bees .  newline newline  oh , the bees ! yes , what did you want to say , young lady ?  newline newline  well , steve , my dad says you are also a complete moron . he says that between the two of you , you have definitely doomed humanity . and that i should congratulate you both in a very sarcastic tone . so ... congratulations .  newline newline  wait a minute , our research was formally approved by the faculty and peerreviewed ! we did nothing unethical or wrong . i m not sure what you  or your dad  are implying .  newline newline  your wikipedia monitoring . you did nt even notice it , because you are so stupid and shortsighted . he went back to paris in the seventeenth century and taught the gardener at versailles how to make insecticide . and you failed to notice the gradual but obvious decline in bee numbers throughout europe in the following two hundred years , and then a corresponding decline in asia and the americans in the two hundred years beyond that .  newline newline  you are certainly precocious , are nt you . you . little . cutie .  newline newline  now here we are in our present , and no one has even realised that bees are extinct . did you ? did you even notice ?  newline newline  well of course we did ! climate change , habitat change ...  newline newline  no , you nitwit . that man , there , and his moronic allergy to bee stings . god , who came into existence jehovah jireh , the great i am , the father , son , and holy spirit , resides in heaven , maine , and first began writing when he created all of existence and summarily created writing as well . newline newline some of his best known works include the old testament , the new testament  both including in this compendium bible  , and mine own guide to heavenly cuisine , alongside several bestselling children s books that enjoyed brief circulation , such as  do i exist ? do you want to burn in hell for all eternity ?  , and  parables .   later adapted to be included alongside the bible .  newline newline in his spare time , he enjoys creation , destruction , and long walks carrying people on his shoulders across beaches . he is responsible for everything that ever existed or ever will exist , and has multiple degrees in every discipline including those not known to man , with a smattering of doctorates in psychology , philosophy , and unsurprisingly , theology . newline newline fellow author and researcher in similar fields morning star , more renowned under his pseudonym satan , had this to say about his esteemed contemporary s long list of achievements : newline newline  they re all lies . including his existence . follow me instead . you can trust me .  newline newline sign up now for holy cow publishing and receive more books from this author , and from similar authors we feel you may like  including popular authors like allah akbar , buddha , cthulu , and zeus .  your first twelve books are free !  just pay separate shipping , processing , and handling .  get first alerts on new releases , such as the longawaited thrilling sequel  rapture  , and never miss important prophesies coming true again . if you do nt enjoy any book for any reason , just return it to us for a nohassles full refund and replacement .  just pay separate shipping , processing , and handling .  newline newline  offer not available in third world countries  and due to legal reasons , detroit .  please see our brother publisher  missionary positions  for oral versions of religious texts that more appropriately are tailored to suit your demographic .  so , doc , how re you running ?  captain sneakerpants raised his proverbial sneaker and pant getup on to the table . the glass shimmered at the whump of feet , looking like it would break . newline newline across the sanitised white tiling a much older man sat up in his bed . it was nt his bed , per se , but he d been there for the past few months and had left a bit of a familiar shape in the mattress .  i ll do , cap , i ll do .  he raised a palm as if to calm any frayed nerves .  it s always the same . it does nt get better , but it does nt get worse , you know ?  he tried a smile , but his jaws had gotten frail and his muscles worn , it looked like a crack across his face . newline newline captain sneakerpants bit his lip ,  yeah , yeah , i get it .  his voice had quietened down , as if to match the muted pitch of the old man . half a mumble , and a what ?  in reply later , he d cracked his volume up again .  what d you have for breakfast ?  he said , with as much flatness in his voice as the creases along his sneakerpants .  oatmeal again ?  newline newline  whatever they give me , this time it had some cherries in it ! said acid was good for me , the nerve . it s like they do nt even tell the orderlies about patients .  captain sneakerpants lowered his head , masking his face with the front flap of his red and white cap , and levelled his gaze with the bars of the hospital bed . the clipboard strapped with a pair of magnets to the bars read pollenfood allergy  , amongst more serious issues . cap liked to focus on that one , just for a moment , so he could imagine that was the only problem the old doc had . that he d be up and back and kicking in a moment .  i asked for something to wash the slop down after ,  the old man wheeled his hand out in front of him , like he was pulling the yarned words out of his mouth ,  and they gave me some water .  newline newline his head rose ,  you wanted ?  cap ventured , throwing his legs down and assuming a much more forward stance  arms resting on kneecaps , hands laced , neck straining forward . he pressed a smile onto his lips . newline newline  scotch , always scotch . the ones you get down at vitonelli s , i told you i never went there for the twobit pizza .  cap nodded , vitonelli s had closed down six years ago . he fumbled with his voice to try and respond , but the old doc picked up quick enough .  i know it s a silly thing , but i have nt had a swig in ages .  newline newline cap laughed .  yeah , yeah .  and there was that awkward pause in the conversation after a topic dies . cap gulped and pulled at the red and green of his sweater .  chilly , is nt it .  newline newline it was the old man s turn to chuckle ,  i would nt know , my boy ! i ve been in here who knows how long ,  while there was the cheery gleam in his eyes , the softer edge to his voice as the chuckles faded only pulled cap s sentiments down .  enough about me , it s always the same with me ,  cap had to silently agree , and shared a grin with only himself under the comfort of his cap .  how s the hero business doing ?  newline newline  doing alright , doc , nothing s the same after you retired .  the doc flinched at the word , he did nt like the cut of it .  oh , sorry , yeah . um . there s a new villain on the streets , masked mortimer or something stupid like that .  newline newline  does nt even have a doctorate , pitiful , really . back in my time we all had to go through med school , at least . i d taken the hard way , done one in ... erm ... engineering or something .  the doc tapped his withered chin with a bony finger , the only thing separating his skeleton from the air was a loose wrapping of skin the complexion of melting pudding . cap raised his smile , pretending that he d just plastered it on his face .  so what s this masker mortimer up to ?  newline newline  nothing much , he s just come in from the north , setting up after tigre down there drove out most of the scum and villainy . oh , sorry , i didnt  newline newline  calm down , it happens . you re a hero , justice carries in your words , even when you do nt want it to . i remember the times i spit on you when i had you tied to my deathray . remember that one ? oh i think i said ...  doc paused , attempting to retrieve that last shard of memory . the hairs on his head swayed , at least that s what cap thought , like they were little grey hands grasping at straws . newline newline he bit the bullet ,  caught with your pants down !  that was nt what he d said at all , it d been much more brutal with a few curses in between . cap had finally broken into the observatory , doc s old lair , just in time for the big satellite launch . newline newline and so they both shared a laugh , one last time . cap said it was getting late , that he had to go pick up the old chain . doc was amazed , thinking it was the girl he d took under her wing . cap groaned no , the feeling was nt mutual there . he showed him a picture on his phone , she was a cashier at the coffee shop he found he d been saving the most . doc asked if her worried about her in that mockvillain tone , and they d laughed again . they hugged , and cap left . doc stared vacantly at the door . newline newline captain sneakerpants s breath was hefted by inertial pain . as he shut the door the cold air of the hallway trickled into his bones . his cap became frayed , like it always had , and his hairs grew out and grey . some littered the floor by his feet , which seemed closer now . his hands shook , trying to warm themselves up , but he had nt the faintest thought of clasping them around his shoulders . his sneakerpants sagged , and the stitching holding them together came off in places .  goodbye , old friend , i fear this ll be our last one .  he said to the door behind him , and even if the murmur could carry through the walls , doc would have never heard him in his little prison . he dragged his legs to move , they d been stuck to the floor by ice and the fear of falling , and shambled off , leaning against the wall where he needed to . newline newline the sign on doc s door was always there , and would always be there , waiting . professor temporal  it read . newlinedeep within the bowels of the earth , there lies a secretive and fiendish entity . this is a being of decay and destruction : taking the bodies of plants and animals alike and crushing them in its hot , heavy hands until there is nothing left but a poisonous black liquid . this entity loathes all things on the surface : sunlight , the wind , the atmosphere we breathe and seeks to turn the world above into a place as dark and devilish as the world below . newline newline  how does it do this ?  you might ask ,  how can an entity lying beneath the earth exert such influence on the world above ?  the answer is that it s methods are as cunning and malicious as itself  it preys on the fears and desires of men . creeping it s black product up through the ground , it promises those unsuspecting discoverers of this poison infinite wealth and power  a chance to turn the fortunes of even the most destitute and despairing . yet this cursed liquid comes at a heavy price , those that consume it become addicted by its power . always needing more , this curse creates an unquenchable thirst . so overwhelming is this thirst that those that discover it will literally destroy the world around them just to find more , and more , and more.. newline newline and while this entity sits back and allows the slaves of its poison to destroy their world , it knows that it edges closer and closer towards ultimate goal.. millions of years of waiting for the demon  known only to us as  oil   is almost over . newline newline edit :  unquenchable thirst   autocorrect is nt perfectwhile the two planets destroy each other , a squeaky voice could be heard  that s not fair , you have the atomic bomb perk !  a deeper , more developed voice said  well , it s not my fault you are so bad at this game  newline both species realized they were in a game between two brothers and stopped their war . newline  see what you did ? you just made both our species go into a stop . dear cthulhu , i hate playing with you  newline newline a voice could be heard :  game over , result : tie  newline newline this is my first wp post , sorry for bad english or if it was bad made . newline newline edit : typoneither angels nor demons were truly prepared . we were , and we did nt even know it . heaven and hell have nt kept tabs on earth for years . while they fought over our souls , we were busy evolving . newline newline the angels where the first to strike . they swooped in from the sky in their flaming chariots . their swords were aglow with the first rays of sunlight . air defense took them out before the sun was fully out . dumb fuckers actually tried to attack d.c. newline newline next , of course , came the demons . marching by the millions , they tried to take the south . what they did nt expect was the cartels . they felt the demons were moving in on their turf , so they fought back . that was some of the most brutal guerilla warfare anyone had ever seen . newline newline by the end of the week , heaven and hell were on their last legs . the had nt counted on our artillery . on our aircraft . out navies . our sheer capacity for warfare . newline newline by the end of the third week , heaven and hell were pleading for mercy . by the end of the fourth , they were begging . newline newline they ended the war humiliated , their armies decimated , and their resources now at the mercy of a very greedy 7 billion people .i ve always preferred sleep to consciousness . when i was a child , my nightmares in sleep were mere shadows of the horrors that daylight brought . as i fell into unconsciousness each night , the dull aches of the bruises and the piercing pains inside me faded to a single , overwhelming fear . a fear that drove me sprinting too slowly down dark , hazy corridors in my dreams . a fear of what was behind me . i grew used to it , whatever it was . i was always running , afraid , but i knew it . it knew me . newline newline until one night , when i felt strong , and it was so familiar , i turned around . the fear throbbed in every corner of my mind telling me to run . but we knew each other . newline newline every night after , i pushed aside my fear and stared at it . i stared at it and thoughts began to take shape in my head that were not my own . sounds and ideas and sights that i could never had imagined on my own . i tried so hard to give something back , but my mind was too incoherent at night . newline newline during the day , i began drawing what i saw at night . i tried to say what it had told me . i had few friends , and then i had none . everyone distanced themselves from the  freak  . i was beaten at school too now . sometimes , i knew things i should nt . sometimes , the leader of the other boys or someone who spoke too loudly about me began acting strangely . mindless , fearful , shambling , muttering about dark things that should stay hidden from the light of day . newline newline when they came , everyone was scared . the fear grew in every corner of the world , telling them to run , but there was nowhere to run to . but i knew them . and they knew me . when i finally had a chance to meet them , surrounded by tanks and drones and probably some of the most important people in the world , i stared at them . and they asked me a single question in that impossibly intimate way i knew . newline newline  should we trust ? are you good ?   newline newline and at last , i could say something back . i could tell them something . newline newline  no . all bad . we are all bad .  day one of what is to be an illustrious career on the field of battle ! newline newline june 5th , 1944 . i ve been placed in command of a squad in the amphibious landing to take place tomorrow . my first command ! i hope i do well . i was a hasty promotion because the previous nco got demoted to private due to poor behavior on the trip here . i never expected to be put in a leadership position , but this is how heroes are made and military careers are born . i just need to not screw up tomorrow s maneuvers . my squad appears to have decent physical scores as well as good marks at the range . let s pray that translates into good squad cohesion . anyways , i need to get some sleep . tomorrow s going to be the most important day of my career ! newline yours , newline cpl . david king newline newline june 7th . 1944 . newline newline there is no god .all i wanted to do was serve dinner , but it just had to cause the end of humanity . fucking typical , am i right ? newline newline since i was a kid , all i wanted to do was work in the white house and rub elbows with the most powerful men on the planet . five years of law schooling ended up with this : me serving dinner to major world leaders . newline newline it all started out well , with the president shaking hands with every major figure present . putin seemed to enjoy the veal orloff we prepared for him and prime minister trudeau smiled politely at all the comments about his hair . newline newline we served all the courses , and i had the privilege to be assigned to the table where putin , trudeau , and obama was seated . i heard an argument between trudeau and putin break out . newline newline  ... and your hair looks stupid , too !  newline newline  at least i ve got hair , ya hoser ! oh , and we re better than you in hockey !  newline newline  what ? ! no , you re not ! we ve got ovechkin ! datsyuk ! kovalchuk !  newline newline  what about crosby ? gretzky ? howe ?  newline newline  ca nt win a stanley cup , though .  newline newline trudeau whirled around , hair glorious and eyes blazing with righteous fury .  shut up , obama ! all your hockey teams are filled with canadian players . you re . welcome .  newline newline my feet chose that time to stop working , sending me and the soup i was carrying right into putin s lap . newline newline  enough ! i ve had enough of this foolishness ! you ,  he pointed at me ,  you will regret this ! putin is putout !  with that , he stormed out of the room and out of the country . newline newline i got quite an earful that night . president obama himself came down and talked to me . he was nt mad , he was just disappointed , which honestly made me feel worse . i obviously got fired , of course , and after one drunken night , i ended up being banned from the district of columbia . newline newline the courts could nt stop me from checking the news sites and cpac , however , and i checked it religiously . it was almost always filled with the usual arguments that happened within congress , until one day . newline newline  putin declares war on america ! newline names state dinner , waiter as causes newline newline i went into hiding pretty goddammed quickly after that . the draft started again , but that did nt last long before the first nukes were launched . newline newline of course , it just escalated from there . mutually assured destruction and whatnot . now the nukes are bearing down on seattle , where i m hiding . china decided to get involved , too , after north korea decided to successfully fire a nuclear missile at seoul . newline newline the emergency alert system is now blaring on the television , but i know that it s too late to save us . to save any single one of us . newline newline i m sorry .journal , newline newline have you ever heard of the book looking for alaska ? i ve probably told you what it is . well , one of the characters is quite the prankster . i do nt wan na ruin anything for you , but i ve got ta find a way to oneup her . i ve basically got an unlimited budget here , too . newline newline yeah , that s right , journal . i won the lottery ! newline newline i do nt think i ve ever been happier . i talked with my retirement planner and i m actually pretty much set for life . i do nt have to work again unless i want to . and , of course , you know i hate my coworkers and my job , but i ve already gone on and on and on about that . you have a great memory . i just wan na run some ideas by you about how to get fired in the best way possible . newline newline the first thing i thought of was not being a jerk . i submitted my intent of retirement , which means i have two weeks . so , i have two weeks to plan this prank , but i do nt wan na hurt anyone , or make anyone hate me . i just want to be remembered . second , not too much money . i won 249 million , and there were no split winners , but the pool was originally 643 million , which is why i bought a ticket in the first place . after taxes and stuff , i ll have a quarter of a billion dollars . it s a lot , but life takes a lot of money , so i wan na be careful . and , third , i want people to know it was me . newline newline so , that s the criteria . here are my ideas . newline newline  set up a bitcoin mine in the it room , eat up the bandwidth and make money for it . then , pay the it guys to pretend there is some crazy server thing going on , basically send the whole company into a panic , and then they go into the server room and find my whole operation , the boss would know it was me . but , i m basically immune anyways . that s implied on the rest of these , by the way . newline newline  stay late one night and put glitter in the fans of everyone s computer . pretty selfexplanatory , but i do nt know how much damage that would do to a computer . it is just glitter , after all . newline newline  laxatives in the water coolers . newline newline  buying buckets of live ladybugs and unleashing them in the workspace . newline newline  alternatively , buying buckets of assorted animal feces off of the internet and unleashing them in the workspace . newline newline  take all of the keyboards and hide them in the basement of the office , once they get down there i close and lock the door on the people who found the keyboards . newline newline  last one so far , buy multiple speakers and hook up an ipod , hide the speakers , and blast a playlist of hated songs , like justin bieber or something . newline newline i ll you if i think of anything else . thanks for listening to my ideas , journal . you ve always been there for me , even when my coworkers have nt . i do nt have very many friends now that i m all grown up . maybe now it ll be a little easier to find someone on tinder . newline newline talk to you soon , and i ll tell you how the prank goes . newline newline justini do nt get it , i really do nt ! i do my best to have a wellrounded social life , but honestly , i m so bored i m about to die ! every day it s the same : i wake up , run a brush through my hiplength and effortlessly flawless golden hair , throw on the same perfectly pressed uniform i wore yesterday and the day before , and dash off to high school . and the second i walk in the room , every goddamn time , everyone stops what they re doing and forms this tight little circle around me as i try to walk to class . the first time this happened i thought i had my skirt on insideout or something , but no . everyone just wants to talk to me . newline newline  hi , marysue !  newline  marysue , will you eat lunch with me today ?  newline  did you see that boy from chem class ? chayden lockeheart ? with the tawny brown hair , biceps , and dimples ? i think he likes you !  newline newline vomit .  please , i m just trying to get to algebra without it being a goddamn news story . newline newline and god forfuckingbid i should have a bad day or vent my frustrations publicly or gasp !  cry . same damn thing with the circle of bodies only it s : newline newline  i m here for you .  newline  ohmiigawd , who did this to you ? ! i m going to kill them  newline  she s so dark and mysterious and interesting !  newline newline i am not angsty or mysterious or interesting , i am on my goddamn period . i just want to have actual , noticeable flaws like everyone else on the planet . i d love to not make a 100  on every assignment and test . once , i turned in a blank paper with nothing but the words ,  mrs. hamilton sux my ass  and i still got 100  plus extra credit . i think i d cry from happiness if i could go a single hour without someone trying to have a conversation with me . and if i have to listen to how one more fucking person loves , lusts after , or understands me , i m going to stab them in the eyes ! ! newline newline gasp , pant newline newline thank you , that is all . newlinei loved to lay in bed at night and feel the gentle rise and fall of her chest . to see the quirky way she smiled as she dreamed . sometimes i would sit for hours trying to decipher whatever it was she was saying in her sleep , hoping there might be some message for me . i knew she loved me . she always made me feel loved . newline newline then there were times when she would furrow her brow and look frustrated and even scared . i wondered if those were dreams of being chased . i d lay my head against her chest and hear her heart pounding in those moments . i d wonder what was chasing her , was it someone she knew , was it a wild animal , a dog even . the thought scared me too . newline newline but i had her and that was all i needed for now . so night after night we d have dinner together and she would tell me about her day . then at the end , we d settle into bed together and drift off to sleep . except that she almost always fidgeted and woke me up . it was fine , though , i preferred it even . because then i got to lay here and listen to her breath . newline newline i wish i could love her like she does me , but i just ca nt . especially not after how she acted toward the presents i gave her . i d have my revenge for that . all i can think about now is laying there on her chest until she passes and i get to smell the sweet smell of that final breath and feel her chest fall for the last time . someday , maybe someday soon .with an audible pop , the portal closed behind me in a rush displaced air . i brushed the ashen remains of my scraggly beard off my face  and examined my surroundings with a raised eyebrow  squinting through the pale light of the crescent moon above . no , not a crescent , a partial eclipse . even as i stared , mouth agape , the edge of shadow moved another minuscule inch across the moon s face . astonishing ! what wonderful luck coming out at this time !  i thought with an idiotic grin . newline newline looks like a ... farm ?  i tried to remember the exam questions about ancient survival techniques , the ordered rows of foliage distantly ringing a bell . i sighed . never know where you re going to appear , i guess .  newline newline i spotted a sinuous trail of smoke rising from what appeared to be a wooden dwelling . aha ! that must be where the master of the farm lives .  with a triumphant raising of the chin , i began the trek to the odd domicile  avoiding the lumps of fecal matter and rotting refuse along the way . newline newline as i crossed onto the building s outer threshhold some sort of alarm system sounded  no ... not an alarm , could it be ?  the entrance to the dwelling burst open and an actual canine animal came running out . newline newline an actual dog  !  i almost burst out laughing as the beast circled me  yapping incessantly . i ve only ever seen pictures ! it s so much more fascinating in person !  newline newline a wrinkled old man appeared in the pool of light cast by the entrance .  what you doin out ere young man !  he shouted , waving one arm violently at the sky .  get inside right quick now , demons be roaming tonight !  he jerked one and and whistled ,  here , boy !  and the dog ran to join him . newline newline i followed and asked ,  demons ? what do you mean ?  . newline newline the old man looked at me like i was mad ,  the devil s own spawn are out hunting  and he gestured towards the partial eclipse . newline newline i nodded in understanding .  i see , religious superstitions based on astronomic events .  it took all i had to refrain from smiling as one might to a child . evidently the man cought something of my sentiments , and he glared at me through countless wrinkles marring his face . newline newline  i know you younguns think you know everything , but the demons are out there , brought by the darkness above .  newline newline i shook my head sadly ,  i am sorry to disabuse you of your obviously precious ideology , but the darkness you are referring to is merely the earth blocking the light of the sun before it strikes the moon .  newline newline  wha ?  newline newline  furthermore ,  i continued ,  there are no such things as demons   or supernatural entities roaming this night , or any other  they are simply the product of your fear of the darkness and the unknown and such .  newline newline i gave him a brilliant smile , happy to have helped him learn something new . newline newline he slowly turned his head and called inside ,  honey ! get my pitchfork !  newline newline uh oh .  i turned and ran for the fields as the crazed dog barked shrilly at my heels  praying my coronalaccelerator had recharged enough for another jump . newline newline  you re welcome !  i shouted back at the pitchfork wielding figure . newline newline  and stay out !  he yelled back . newline newline ah well , every trip is a new adventure as they say .  i thumbed the accelerator and a burst of light lit the night once again  before fading to the dull glow of moonlight .azdrubael , haradim , nalesh the weak , the unbound and ur , they have gone . in a rare accord , i was sent to speak with an emissary of hell . two of our own , three of theirs . we suspect infernal trickery , as i m sure they believe this is part of our ineffable plan . newline newline i waited at the gates of infinity , alone , for the prince to come . he arrived without his usual pageantry , no hellhorns , no lost souls , not even a chariot of bones . for this was not about posturing , this was about answers . newline newline  ahhh verity ,  he purred ,  how delightful to see you again . you are as beautiful as the day we left .  newline newline  highness ,  i said , halfmockingly .  you are as pleasant and false as the morning you were cast out .  though my tone was sharp , i had always had a grudging affection for the prince . he was a bastard , but he was supposed to be . that was his job until father s plan reached its next stage .  you summoned me ?  newline newline  i requested your company , yes . we know that your name is not idly borne and you are trustworthy among all your bretheren ... and sisteren .  he chuckled at his own pun .  three of our own have disappeared . you know my legions believe they have been taken by you , for reasons unknown .  newline newline i began to object but he raised and waved a clawed , manicured hand dismissively .  i am not of that opinion . i know daddy s plan s better than most and he is never one to be petty or lie . he s confusing and he does love his lofty speeches ... but no , not this .  newline newline  and what of azdrubael and haradim , sire ? am i to agree that they are not held as your prisoners , or their threads cut ?  newline newline  if i promised to you upon my horns that they were not , would you believe me , darling ?  newline newline  i suppose not .  newline newline  i suppose not indeed . and yet ?  newline newline  yes , i never thought they were .  verity admitted . newline newline  and where do you think they are ?  newline newline  truly , i believe they are on the mortal planes .  newline newline  ahh , you are wise as you are fair . such is my belief also . and which one ?  newline newline  why do i feel like you re feeding me things you already know ?  newline newline  i am good at my jobs , are nt i ?  he smirked . newline newline damn , but he was charming , for being the lord of all suffering . newline newline  tell me what you know , old man .  newline newline he chuckled good naturedly at that quip . for he was a few billion years older and these younger angels barely past their first epoch were so much more feisty than the older , stuffy brothers he d fought alongside . newline newline  very well . your painfully dull cohorts were indeed sent to the human world , charged with protecting and mentoring one of them .  newline newline she was taken aback .  two guardians ? but why ? who is this person ? has he sent him back to that world again ? he s not due for another sixteen of their centuries !  newline newline  no , there is no divinity in their human . i have watched him myself . he is not of you , or us , in any way . he is untouched .  newline newline  so you sent three of your own to taint him ?  newline newline  oh , verity , you are subtle as a bull . no , no , not at all . he did not have two guardians at the same time , nor did he have three saboteurs . you sent one , haradrim , and he never came back . this peaked my interest , so i sent ur .  newline newline  and he disappeared ?  newline newline  quite . and now you see the issue ?  newline newline she nodded . newline newline  so , we sent more ?  newline newline  and more . and they never reported back .  newline newline  what the heck happened to them , my lord ?  newline newline  heck ?  come now dear , you can say the word .  newline newline  you re stalling .  newline newline  true . we do nt know . we know that ours made contact , as did yours . newline newline she knew there was something he was nt telling her . newline newline  luci , tell me everything if you want my help . if you want my honesty .  newline newline he grinned at the use of his given name .  oh , very well , i never could refuse you . we know that they spoke to him , they tempted him , they whispered in his ear and make great offers and spoke to his inner desires . the usual , really .  newline newline  and then what ?  newline newline  he tempted them back . he asked what they wanted .  newline newline  ... .and ?  newline newline  i believe they have renounced their demonhood and now live among the humans . they are beyond my sight now .  newline newline she was astounded . never in all the ages had such a thing happened . she had not even known it was possible . newline newline  so , i think it s time you went to meet him . i knew that this one was going to be different . i had been hoping that my superiors were joking when they sent me on this ridiculous mission , a form of punishment for that little debacle in barbados , but the briefing had been stock standard . a bland room filled with men and women wearing dark suits droning on about a potential threat . necessary precautions , my cover story and potential problems that i might be facing . it was laughable , the way they were going on about this like it was a reality instead of a poorly written piece of science fiction . newline newline time travel . the science of manipulating time itself to move through history and reappear wherever you want . something that nerds across the world had been fantasizing about since forever . you want to kill hitler while he s trying to paint in vienna ? how about stopping jfk from biting the bullet ? have you ever wanted to watch lady godiva waltz through town ? thanks to the efforts of professor jane bloggs , these dreams can all become a reality . newline newline unfortunately , there were a lot of people in positions of power who were more than a little nervous about how that power could be abused . enter stage right , me . special agent melanie higgins . i get called in whenever something entirely strange was going on and the higher ups wanted it dealt with . i still have no idea how i got stuck with this illustrious position but i can only imagine that i burned down the library of alexandria in my past life . i ve kicked a clone of rasputin in the teeth , made fruit salad with a golden apple and now i m standing outside of an unremarkable building in venice . newline newline  control , i want it on the record that sending me to venice was a terrible idea . i do not speak italian and i hate large bodies of water . so , you know , thanks for that .  the minute earpiece was disguised as a floral earclip , some painfully colorful abomination , so it was nice and easy to activate it . i tuned out the chuckling from my handler with practiced ease , feeling the reassuring weight of my pistol inside the jacket . the time for sass was over , it was mission time . my posture became more rigid as i walked towards the doors . newline newline my hand was outstretched , fingertips grazing the worn handle , when the double doors opened . a man stood in front of me , smiling pleasantly , dressed in shorts and nothing else . newline newline  miss morgan ?  a local boy , judging from the accent . my gaze roved across his bare form , mentally calculating the most efficient method of disabling him . his smile widened imperceptibly , mistaking the threat assessment for appreciation . they always do . it wo nt hurt to encourage that misconception . i fold my hands coyly in front of me , grinning innocently . newline newline  that would be me , yes . i m sorry for being early , i just did nt want to miss anything so i thought that i should come earlier than the appointment time and so here i am .  there were two kinds of people in the world , those who find uncontrollable babbling cute and those who loath it . it was fairly easy to figure out which this guy was . his smile took on a flirty edge as he held open the door for me . newline newline  not a problem . dr bloggs mentioned that you would be here a little early . said that was just how you were .  that threw me for a loop but i could nt let the confusion show on my face . newline newline  really ? wow , i guess she must be pretty smart .  okay , not my best line . while i m cringing internally , mr shirthater seemed to buy it . he chuckled as i strolled in , taking in the incredibly mundane interior . a desk adorned with some monitors , a few chairs and doorway leading further into the building . newline newline  she certainly is but i suppose you would know .  i shift to oneside in preparation for a hasty knockout blow , looking quizzically at him . newline newline  why would i know how smart she is ?  his smile slipped away , replaced with a puzzled frown . one hand snaked behind my back , fingering the thin blade woven into my jacket . newline newline  oh . i just thought that you would have paid more attention to her accomplishments . were you two not close growing up ?  my instincts were screaming at me to abort , to run or to kill him . do something  i screamed at myself . newline newline  wait , what ?  perfect , well done . newline newline  melanie , sweetheart . it s been far too long .  no . no goddamn way . i know that voice and i know who that voice belongs to . i also know that it ca nt be coming from next to me . i crane my head slowly towards the sound and sure enough , she s standing in the doorway with her arms folded across her chest . there s that smug smirk that everyone around her finds utterly irritating . she s a few years older than she should be , her hair starting to go grey , but it s her . newline newline  what ?  the word left my lips so quietly that it might as well have never been spoken . i thought there was nt anything else in the world that could startle me , that i had seen it all and come out on top . then again , i had never come face to face with myself without a mirror before . she put a hand on my shoulder , pulling me in for a hug . i felt her knock the transceiver from my ear in a casual motion but frozen in place as i was , there was no stopping her . there was a warm breath in my ear and a hand on my concealed blade when she spoke again . newline newline  we ve got a lot to discuss , kiddo .  newline newlinewe always knew it would come to this . newline newline the power in the palms of hands type clique sat . the crumbed fingers of a new breed of boardroom , coffee slurped , the tangy stayed in the air . newline newline jeanelly broke her gaze w sounds .  we can do it all here , are you all seeing this ?  newline newline murmurs of affirmation , nods , tangled in slurps , posture adjustments . newline newline  we will help these people , we will show them what it is they really want , what they need . we will teach them to drop the longing  enter them into the doing  newline newline a pair of spectacles supported via a nose bridge propped the body under all this up . cleaning the dirt under a left index fingernail as he spoke newline newline  we ve had this power all along ,  we always knew it would come to this  newline newline newline cause baby now we got baaaaad bloood . you know it used to be maaaad  oh jesus on a tuna can what is newline that shit ?  newline newline stanley looked at the toe , and the toe looked right back at him . yeap . it was a human toe , all right . just behind the sprite cans . no way around it . newline newline  oh fuck , fuck , fuck , fuck , fuck , fuck , fuck .  newline newline reluctant and unsure why on earth he was doing it , he grabbed the toe by the edges . a little note was dangling out of it , like a holiday card . newline newline it was an address and a date and time . newline newline newline newline  newline newline newline newline marta was thinking about yoga and daryl s penis when she found the eyeballs . they were behind a couple of old newline twix bars , and she screamed and ran to the bathroom , like the eyes might suddenly go after her . newline newline when a little bit of sanity kicked back in , she went back to the machine , and she , too saw the address and the date and time . newline newline  newline newline newline newline  martin , i m telling you , she can tell me and javier apart . i do nt care what she says about twins and her being newline drunk , she s a cheating whore and  martin ?  newline newline martin dropped to the floor like a bag of sand and henrique watched him go .  martin ?  he repeated . then he newline turned to the machine and saw the human arm . newline newline  oh man  , henrique said , passing out right next to his buddy . newline newline  newline newline newline newline  all right , who was the one who said they knew how to sew ?  marta asks now , as the people all gather around in her living room . it s tiny , and a lot of folks are standing , and there was nt orange juice for everyone . then again , newline everyone s holding a limb and a note with an address and a date , so no orange juice is ranking pretty low on the newline scale of fucked up things in the evening . newline newline  i do  , the blonde lady states , raising a shy hand holding a pinky toe . newline newline  and we got all the parts here ?  newline newline  yeah . i think the guy with the left ball could nt make it , but he mailed the ball  , a dude says , from the corner . newline newline  ok so ok , ok , ok i m as lost as all of you , here . let s just sew this shit up like it says on our notes and see newline what happens . everyone puts their pieces on the coffee table .  newline newline marta watches as people start dropping human parts by her travel guide on the table , one by one . the blonde lady approaches with needle and thread .  can i ?  newline newline  yeah  , marta says .  yeah , i ll help .  newline newline one by one , people start joining in , and pretty soon everyone s sewing a piece of human body to another . after a newline bit of discussion as to which ball was the left and which one was the right  the final consensus being that the left newline one was the smaller , for reasons that remained unclear for marta  , they finally get one toe away from ready . newline newline stanley steps up with the toe .  so we re really sewing this dead body together ?  newline newline  look , man  , henrique joins in ,  i think it s messed up like you do . but someone  something  brought us here newline together . this is deep stuff man , and creepy stuff . i say we just do as the notes told us to do . is nt that what we newline agreed ?  newline newline everyone nods and there s a slight murmur of approval . stanley , reluctant , plucks the toe together with the other newline toes . newline newline  all right , give me the thread .  newline newline and he sews . marta and henrique and martin and all the other watch as stanley goes up and down the toe of the newline highly deformed , highly disproportional cadaver they built . newline newline just before the last turn , stanley stops the needle .  all right , this is it  , he says , and then he gives the thread the final turn . careful , he grabs the scissors and cuts the loose bit . the body is ready . newline newline it looks exactly like you d imagine jon bon jovi would look like , if he had spent seven hundred years inside a newline functioning washing machine . newline newline the cadaver opens his eyes and everyone goes ,  oh  . newline newline he looks around and rises to his feet .  you sewed me back to life , like the prophecy  , he utters , in a low and high newline pitched voice at the same time . newline newline  yeah yeah , we did  , henrique answers . martin passes out . newline newline  why the fuck would you think that s a good idea ?  washing machine bon jovi asks , murdering marta and stanley newline with a single blow or his deformed arm . he grabs the blonde girl and squeezes her head with his hands until it explodes in a ball of blood and meat . newline newline  oh , man  , henrique sighs , as the beast turns to him .  first amanda pulling that crap on me with javier , and now this .  newline newline and then henrique is murdered by washing machine jon bon jovi , and i m going to bed , because clearly my sleep newline schedule has started interfering with my sanity . newline newlinewhere once it was morn , the night has come . drawn shades block eyes which seek what is not theirs . newline newline  do nt fear the night !  it still rings in my ears , her screams and lost dreams will fill this room for far too long . but all too soon her voice will change , and i ll fail to find her face in my mind . newline newline these ghouls , these ghosts , there s no peace in their death . they want for life , but ca nt reach it . they grab us , but all they can do is pull us to death with them . newline newline go out the door . face the dark , face the night . do nt trade in your hope to feel safe . fight the dark , fight the night .star gazer , space traveler , interstellar expert , but in reality , i had to put  crew member ,  down anywhere it counted . sure , i blew smoke to my family and friends about how i was this big shot on a starship , seeing the outer rim of our solar system and galaxies across the universe , but if they knew the truth , i d go back to being normal , boring steve . no one thought well of steve until he applied at the spacer academy and actually got accepted , then he was hired on with the amerisolar shuttle , and then steve became a badass big shot to everyone he knew . on ship though , he was a lowly analyst who studied deep space projections for incoming meteor storms or uos s .  unidentified object in space  and guess what ? everything was unidentified . so guess what i do ? i sits in front of my console , scanning every rock and piece of trash the captain tells me to . even when we both know that s a turd with a piece of corn in it from the zoom scan , not a  possible space contagion that may reach earth one day ,  or so he says . then , they suit me up , send me out on the tether to grab the frozen space turd , and laugh at me from the window of the shuttle . thankfully i m not the only one who puts up with this . there s several other analysts who share my pain and frustration , and we all take turns . the captain and his  naughts ,  are the ones who get to do all of the good stuff . one time we were exploring a worm hole , right ? and we ended up on the ass end of a brand new galaxy we d never seen before ! it was one of the few moments i was really , really excited to be here with these assholes , on account that i found the worm hole and pointed us in the right direction ! well , we ended up finding another spacer , a vessel of alien origins , nothing in humanities records to tell us who , or what this thing was ! i asked the captain if i could join him and the naughts when they inspect the ship , and for the first time , he shook my hand , thanked me for the good work , and told me to get back to my console . oh well , i m an analyst , right ? not a naught like the rest of them . i just find the cool shit and do the hard stuff , they re the ones who claim  responsibility ,  in the public eye . these are the men and women humanity puts up on pedestals and praises , the ones the world thinks are going to save us and find new life . if only they knew steve the analyst and his other fellow analysts were the ones who did the heavy lifting without even leaving the computer in front of us . oh well , at least my friends and family back home still think highly of me , at least until they realize i put a bomb on the  alien ship we randomly found .  to hell with the captain and his naughts , it s time for a promotion dammit .her eyes shone a band of color that only i could see , for as long as i can remember , they shone only for me  brighter and brighter , the eyes shone brighter by the day and with each new memory , they became more focused on me . and when she spoke , softly to me , the harmonic was one that entered and enchanted me . we danced to a melody created by us that only we could hear  others watched and could not believe , that a woman like jen could ever love me for they heard not the melody . the debt i have , for you to fill is to keep my promises to her alive and well . since she has died , all the music has left , and i can no longer see or even breathe . i am lost and i fear that the ocean i wade through will take me down under soon . but you see , our daughter needs her father and so i can not go , jen told me so  then genie , i wish for the music to come back to me so that our daughter will know.. that with love no one ever has to go  her mother will be there with me and together we will keep this family .it was never supposed to be this way . newline newline the one you call god  was never supposed to be the one in charge . in fact , neither of us was . newline newline but you would nt know that , would you ? newline newline see , things were meant to be quite simple . humans , roads , the internet ... maybe it would have come in time , but believe me when i say  after this much time gone by since the dawn of creation , humanity  would sit among the stars . make use of their power and unlock all those juicy secrets . faster than light travel , immortality ... the cure for the common cold . it could have been so easy . probably . i mean , maybe . newline newline what happened ? well . newline newline good and i , we were somewhat equal ... he did have an edge in power , but at the same time , he s a bit of a narcissist . newline newline  we will make great beings , and they will be in our image ! they will revere us and live by our rules ! they will be obedient , and virtuous !  newline newline well , i suppose that does sound nice in theory ... just not to me . see , i always was a fan of choice . coincidence , and choice . so a deal was made  he might design you , and i might change but one thing . newline newline so things progressed , until eventually , we were ready . or , he was ready . and once he was done , i added but one quality . not sin , not temptation , not even malice or hate . i gave you curiosity . newline newline curiosity , as it happens , can be a very powerful force . it made eve take that ohsofateful bite you no doubt have heard of , it made columbus find america and it made einstein figure out how to split an atom . newline newline and it sure made him  angry . so angry that i was branded as the devil , the root of all that is evil in the world , the reason for your suffering and the source of your fear and hate ... by now , i would have hoped you curious bunch learned that history is only written by the winners , but i suppose you need more time . newline newline who knows , maybe you just might manage not to fuck up this planet to the point you can no longer live on it after all ? newline newline ... did i ever interfere ? once , at the beginning . when i gave you curiosity . beyond that ? no . neither did he . every example of good or bad in this world , it s all . you . not god , not the devil . you . newline newline does that make me good ? newline newline does it make god evil ? newline newline you tell me .papers everywhere . there were stacks on my desk . on my chair . on the floor . notes and books and binders and it was everywhere , with only a small path from my desk to the door . it had taken months of research and digging to get to this point . newline newline i had started this back in late april . it was just amusing ... until i realized it wasnt a typo . in 1989 there was a radical shortage of firerelated deaths . housefires and arson and wildfires yes , but no deaths . how ? and why only in washington ? nobody else had even noticed the phenomena . anybody remotely interested would have considered it merely  a good year .  i was alone newline newline i didnt know where to begin so i looked up articles online . after that i went to dozens of small towns across the state looking into newpaper articles that were too mundane to be backed up onto computer . those too were on the floor . i was searching for any evidence on fires . and i didnt find much . if anything , the decrease was even higher . newline newline a few deaths i did find could be contributed to other factors .  murdered before the fire .   heart attack and left the stove on .  the one that stood out was  death in . burn ward after surgery complications  , but that was because the patient had preexisting injuries . newline newline no other states had a similar occurance . as far as i could tell , no other countries did either . those were all dead ends . newline newline i had plunged into near insanity , chasing an answer that neither existed nor quenched my obsession . every idea or scrap of information led me to look in another direction , leading me further and further away from closure . but then something occured to me . newline newline i kicked over the paper stacks as i made my way over to my file cabinet.i grabbed the bottom steel handle and pulled the heavy bottom drawer out . in my this drawer i had cataloged all the firerelated deaths i could find in 1988 , 1989 , and 1990 . nowhere else on earth had as comprehensive a list as this . thumbed through the stack and pulled out two folders . newline newline i went through the first folder . the last firerelated death in 88 was a schoolteacher from yelm named joey phillips .  age 45 . he had been found new years day , burned alive the night before . according to the article the police were looking into it , i doubt they ever found much . newline newline i went through the second folder and pulled out another sheet . immediately my jaw dropped , my heart beating so hard it deafened me . a chill ran up my spine and spread across my entire body . the first death by fire in 1990 was on new years . it was a carpenter named joey phillips .i ve never known the beauty of a person . a real person . the only beauty i know is behind the building off 11th where every once in awhile they will leave the back unlocked and i can tuck myself in on a vacant couch . i m 53 years old . this is the only life i know . a life i ve been growing tired of to the point of no turning back . newline newline the chilled wind was piercing against my neck as i stood on top of the bridge . the only thing stopping me from slipping down into the abyss was my ever loosening grip hanging to the guardrail . the loosening grip , slipping , weaker , wanting to let go . and that s when i saw her , staring right at me with that look . a look i have never seen before . was it pity ? was it fright ? is she scared ? newline newline  why does she look at me like that ?  newline newline never have i received so much attention .  why does she care about me ?  the piercing look in her eye looked familiar . a look that i have nt recognized since before i could remember . hope , power . i ve never felt empowered like this before and i have it all to thank to this stranger i ve still never met , and in this one beautiful moment , i loved her for it . i had a reason to live . newline newline the grip tightened , the awareness came back , and i took a step which ensured my safety from the abyss below . i glanced toward the mystery girl . she had already forgotten about me and had entered into her parked car , back to her comfort , her life . newline newline my hope left with her . my desire , gone . newline newline the grip loosening .  i will not allow her to forget me , not today , not ever again .  a step toward the ledge .  i control my own life .  letting go .  i accept the consequences .  newline newline into the abyss . newlinei know it s a little late to the party but this one just struck a chord . new to the whole writing thing so criticism is welcome :  now enjoy newline newline newline newline newline newline newline it was weird to see someone with a body so perfect and smooth . she stood out in the at the bar straight away . it took me ten minutes to realise , although everyone was glancing at her , she was staring at me . i m glad i found the courage to say something because that  was amazing . and now we re at her place and she s lying next to me . newline newline as she looked up at me from within the satin sheets i started running my finger tips across her soft body . i traced up her right arm to her shoulders . although they were quite pronounced they still felt smooth , i still could nt get over how she had no scars . i carried tracing up to her neck , i grazed her face with the back of my hand and she smiled that crooked smile . i dropped my hand down her bac ... newline newline that s when i felt it . newline newline the ridge started at the bottom of her neck and ran down her back , jumping back and forth across her spine and stopped an the small of her back . i could nt believe it at first . and as she pulled away from me i knew something was wrong . newline newline she slipped off the bed taking the sheets with her and now i could see it in its full glory before she slipped into the bathroom . newline newline it was fairly fresh , ca nt have been more than a week old . about an inch wide at its thickest . what had she said . what possible lie could she have told to have deserved that . she then emerged from the bathroom fully clothed and rushed to the door . newline newline  what did you lie about ?  i asked , my voice trembling with doubt . newline she just stood there with the door open looking at me for what felt like an eternity and that s when she said it . newline newline  they asked me if i d killed anyone  newline and with that , she left .skelethor :  nyyyaaaaaaaaa . i , skelethor , will finally rid those meddling autobots and their talking dog once and for all ! once i  newline newline newline announcer newline we ll be right back after these commercial breaks newline newline newline skelethor :  what the ...  newline newline newline announcer newline hey kids ! do you love sugar puffs cereal ! ?  newline newline newline skelethor :  what is going on ... ?  newline newline newline announcer newline well now we ve got multicolored sprinkle chunks in every bite of sugar puff cereal newline newline newline skelethor :  where am i ? is this some sort of kitchen ?  newline newline newline kids :  wow ! it s like a bite of sprinklelike chunks , with sugar puff flavor !  newline newline newline skelethor :  i think i m going to be sick ...  newline newline newline announcer newline and now back to the showwwww newline newline newline igthor :  maaaaster , where did you run off to ?  newline newline newline skelethor :  someplace ... horrible ...  newline newline newline igthor :  so what was your plan to rid us of those meddlin  autobots ?  newline newline newline skelethor :  yesssssss ... so i was thinking that if we could take a superray and beam it down to snarf village we could  newline newline newline announcer newline we ll be right back after these messages from our sponsors newline newline newline skelethor :  oh god , please no ...  newline newline newline    deep voiced narrator newline    from the people that brought you action watersport extreme bike , comes action watersport extreme bike extreeeeemeeeee newline  explosion  newline newline newline skelethor :  nyaaahhh that almost killed me ? what the shit ? ! ?  newline newline newline    deep voiced narrator newline    you can do anything with it ! ride it ! play it ! fold it ! bake it ! marry it ! deeesttrrrooooyyyyy iiiittttttt action watersport extreme bike extreme ! ! !  newline newline newline warning : action bike extremeco is not responsible for any harm , torn ligaments or bodily harm from use . newline newline newline extreme !  newline newline newline announcer newline and now we re back with skelethor and the pussycats !  newline newline newline igthor :  maaaaaaaaster ... where did you go ? are we going to carry on with our plan to stop those meddlin  autobots and their  newline newline newline skelethor :  nope . i m done . done . i m going to bed . fuck all of this , i quit .  newline newline newline announcer newline coming soon . to a theater near you ! ...  newline newline newline skelethor :  nooooooooooooooo the rays from the window cast into the closet as i see something glistening . the firestick is something that is a treasure . i sweep to the window and close the drapes . i push my eyes back over to the metal piece of death and destruction . a knob on the gun is pointing away from sfty . i hear a knock on the door . its security on there routine house checks . my mind races from point to point as i decide what i must do . i walk up to the door , and press back the metal peice ... click . i open the door . good day sir this is a rou ... boom ! he falls down with blood rushing everywhere .newline i m a dragon . a motherfucking dragon that is currently guarding this big ass cavern filled to the top with treasure ! who s treasure ? i do nt know and frankly i do nt really care . what really grinds my teeth are the new so called adventurers and mercenaries that are hired to steal all of my  er.. this treasure  , i said as i exhaled a stream of black smoke from my nostrils . newline newline a dragon ! do you know how much of an honor it is to be guarding treasure ? it s like so , so , so very much of an honor . look at some of the other dragons . look at twilight . all she ever does is sit on top of that silly mountain guarding some bridge . oooh , how prestigious .  newline newline back to what i was saying . these new knights or whatever you want to call them are quite ... unworthy . remember that one time king arty and his crew of square table squires or whatever came . it was a glorious battle of the ages ! many men died that day ! i burnt so many of them ! turned them into a crisp i tell you ! it was amazing . then it was down to a 1 on 1 . manoemano er.. well manoedrago . arty came at me with that glowing sword of his , he jumped and he dodged all of my attacks . i tried burning him but he blocked my fiery breath with a magnificent shield ! i still have that shield in the pile somewhere . ahh , what a fight . shame he stumbled on a rock and ended up falling onto one of his squire s swords .  i tilted my head back , a smile crept up on my face as i reminisced about the old days . newline newline now all i get these days are some how witted boy with a pot on his head and a wooden sword . ugh . it makes me look bad . do you know what the other dragons have been calling me ? norse the noob killer . that does nt sound scary . that does nt sound fancy . that does nt have a ring to it . i used to be known as norse the ender of lives.. but now it s norse the noob killer .  newline newline and how does that make you feel norse ?  , an old bronze dragon asked as he pushed his glasses upwards . newline newline i took a deep breath and turned to face the other dragon in the cavern . newline newline damn it clarence.. you never listen . this is why i hate having these therapy sessions with you . it was always something these days . tobacco was too expensive , weed should be legal , the system had it in for him , always something . the tantrums were small at first , short bursts of anger and paranoia , almost a panic attack . except for the look in his eyes . the feral look of madness , like there was a tissue paper thin film holding back the monster within and once unleashed , the world would burn at its will . she tried desperately to look everywhere but his eyes , because they terrified her . like a small child hiding under a blanket from the boogeyman she avoided his gaze , busying herself tidying up and trying to fix him a meal or a smoke or anything to hold back the beast . newline newline madness has no schedule , no known boundaries . his anger seethed and boiled over , he raged that they were plotting , everyone was plotting , and they would do anything to hold him back from his potential . nothing calmed him towards the end , not even drugs . she prayed silently that he would take too much one night and not wake up . but as the screaming continued and the bruises and wounds became more and more physical she found a resolution . late one night , driving home from another ten hour shift , she decided . it would end tonight . a quick stop at the drug store and she was on her way to freedom , she already had the research done , just grind up the pills and let him smoke his usual chemical cocktail of spice and away he would go . newline newline freedom is a double edged sword . as she cleaned up any evidence from the patch of woods she carried his body to she tried to imagine how it could be now , free , her bruises could heal . but she felt no better than she had the night before when he hit her over and over until exhaustion set in and she fell asleep with him over her , his blows rocking her to sleep . newline newline exhaustion is a peculiar thing , numbing and overstimulating all at the same time . her hands and legs trembled as her eyelids threatened to seal themselves shut . the police man kept asking her questions , repeating the same ones over and over in different wording . she kept quiet and turned her eyes toward everything but his . something just screamed in her mind not to look . newlinemrs. addington turned over in bed and blearily opened her eyes . it was still dark outside the window , and her head was clogged up with a cold . she turned to her nightstand to feel for the thermos of hot tea , and saw at the other side of the room death , seated in her armchair , reading a thick book . newline newline as her hand paused in midair , death looked up and caught her eye .  do nt worry ,  it said .  take your time . i just started this .  newline newline mrs. addington let out a gasp that turned into a coughing fit , and grabbed a tissue just in time to hock out a wad of phlegm .  it s just a cold !  she gasped out between coughs .  it s not pneumonia or nothing ! no one dies of a cold !  newline newline  well , that s untrue ,  death said , turning a page .  people die of insignificant things all the time . but as i said , there s no rush here . please , do take your time .  newline newline mrs. addington dropped the wadded up tissue into the wastebin , and took a sip of tea from the thermos . she scowled . it had gone cold . for a moment she considered going down and making herself a hot batch of tea , but her limbs ached too much beneath the covers . her maid , esther , had no doubt gone home for the night . her son would be visiting tomorrow  she frowned , was it tomorrow ? he came visiting every tuesday and thursday , and today was ... . mrs. addington lay her throbbing head back down on the pillow . it did nt matter very much . he d probably be the one to find her body eventually . ester would nt be able to get in without a key . newline newline she sat back up and felt for the lamp switch . she clicked it back and forth , once , twice , and it it did nothing . her eyes had adjusted by now , though , and even through the dark she could death was still there , in the corner of her room . bother . she d been hoping it was a dream .  what is that book you re reading ?  she said politely . newline newline  oh , this ?  death held up the cover for her to see .  infinite jest , by david foster wallace . i thought i d try to catch up on modern literature .  newline newline  i think i ve heard of him ,  she said . she pulled the quilt up to her neck . it was pleasantly warm . she supposed there could be worst ways to die .  bit of a weird one , was nt he ? did nt he end up killing himself ?  newline newline  did he ?  death said . by the tilt of its skull she thought it might be getting slightly annoyed .  i m afraid i would nt know . just picked this book out largely at random , to be honest .  newline newline  but you re death !  she said , before she could stop herself .  surely you ... surely you would have met him .  newline newline  i ve met a lot of people . ca nt remember them all , i m afraid .  newline newline mrs. addington settled back into bed , keeping her eyes on death . she wished she d had more interest in books in life . at least then she d be able to make conversation . who would have thought that death would be a reader ? she tugged at a loose thread on the quilt and glanced out the window . still utterly black out there , no sign of dawn . she coughed quietly into her fist , and cleared her throat . newline newline  so ... is it a good book , then ?  newline newline death set the book down on its lap .  frankly , i ca nt tell . do nt understand a word of it , so far . that s the problem with being death . busy , busy , busy . no time to stop and really appreciate life .  it fanned the book open and flipped through the pages and sighed .  perhaps i should have started with something simpler . so out of touch .  newline newline mrs. addington felt a thin thread of indignation begin worming its way through her fingers , up her arm . if she had been taken quietly in her sleep , that would have been one thing . but to wake her up in the middle of the night , and then to not have the decency to get things over with quickly  well ! to just sit around , wasting her time !  it s cruel ,  she said .  it s cruel , that s what it is . to torment a poor old lady like me . you may say , i ve had more than enough time on this earth already , and it s my fault for not living my life to the fullest . well , all right , then ! but that s no reason to torment me like this !  newline newline death stood from the chair , its hands raised in front of it .  maam ! i assure you , this is not  i told you , quite clearly , at the start , that there was no rush at all . and i did mean it . if i m disturbing you , i m quite sorry , but you must understand ...  newline newline  a likely story !  she snapped .  with you being busy , busy , busy ,  what about that , eh ? you do nt have anything more important to be doing at all ? nothing better to do that sit around and hover over an old woman like a vulture ?  newline newline  well , no ,  death said , its shoulders raised in a hapless shrug .  there s nothing else to do at the moment .  newline newline  what are you ...  mrs. addington shook her head in frustration , and turned again to the window . still a perfect pane of black . as if there was nothing out there at all . as if the sun had been blotted out .  good heavens ,  she whispered .  dyou mean ... are they dead ? is everyone else dead ?  newline newline  not everyone ,  death said .  there s you . there are a few more , scattered here and there , just in case you did nt feel like living . you re the closest , at the moment . but if i m truly disturbing you , i m sure i could arrange to be with someone else for the meantime .  newline newline mrs. addington s head was spinning . between death , and being woken up in the middle of the night , and this news , and the cold , she could barely keep her head straight .  was it those idiots in the government ?  she said .  did they finally blow us all up ?  newline newline  i could nt tell you ,  said death .  i ve never followed politics . that s ... that s the whole reason i m doing this , honestly . all those years watching the world go by , reaping , reaping , reaping , never a moment s rest to stop and smell the roses . and now that it s all over , i m going to have to turn off the lights and lock everything up behind me . i thought i d at least try and get through a book before then .  newline newline mrs. addington sat silently in bed , wondering how long she had been asleep . long enough for the tea in her thermos to go cold , she realized , long enough for the electricity to burn out . for a moment she considered throwing back the covers , leaping out of bed and running , down the stairs as fast as her old legs would take her , throwing open the front door and streaking out into the ruins of the world . there had to be something left out there . there had to be . newline newline  we could start a book club ,  she heard herself speaking .  i never did much reading while i was alive , either . might as well start . we could help each other get through that book , together .  newline newline death settled back into her armchair , turning the book over in its hands , regarding her with deep and empty eyes .  i think i d like that . author s aside : goddamn , that s a cool picture .  newline newline  come on ,  the man repeated implacably as he dragged me along .  we ca nt stay here . it is nt safe .  newline newline i wanted to shout back at him , but focused instead on keeping my feet beneath me . i d already stumbled and nearly fallen , and learned the hard way that my new captor did nt slow down to let me recover . newline newline  seriously , what the hell are you doing ? who are you ?  i finally forced out , as we came out into the chill of outdoors .  listen , if you want money , i do nt have much , but you can have the forty bucks in my wallet  newline newline he turned his head just enough to pierce me with one gray eye .  you know nothing , do you ?  he asked , still in that iron monotone . newline newline much as i disliked being called stupid  which , i suspected , was happening here  he had a point . i had no idea what was going on , why he d come charging into my office , yanked me out of my cubicle , dragged me outside while totally ignoring my shouts and protests . newline newline  no , i do nt ,  i finally spat out . my foot caught at the curb between the sidewalk and the street , and i lost my balance . the man reluctantly let go of my arm  it was either that or twist it out of its socket .  so why do nt you explain ?  newline newline he did nt speak up right away , but instead turned his face up towards the gray , cloudy sky .  it is nt safe ,  he said . newline newline  yeah , you keep saying that , but you re not explaining why !  huffing as i tried to ignore the burning in my muscles , i clambered back up to my feet .  and right now , you re the dangerous one !  newline newline  me ?  he seemed honestly perplexed .  i m here to save you , fool .  newline newline  save me from what ?  what the hell was going on ? i d been perfectly fine working before he showed up , just another happy little cog in the world s financial system , punching numbers into a spreadsheet and counting the years down until retirement ... newline newline he sighed . for a minute , he seemed to be weighing pros and cons of some decision in his head . as i tried to regain my breath , i took a moment to examine him . newline newline tall and thin , in a biker s fringed black leather jacket . a single patch , ironed onto one shoulder , showed a pair of crossed swords beneath a featureless white orb . black pants , just slightly too baggy to be called skinny jeans . i saw strange , intricate tattoos running down his arms , curling around his wrists and spreading onto the backs of his palms , disappearing into the sleeves of that black leather jacket . a tight black cap completed his ensemble  he might be bald beneath it , as i did nt see any visible hair emerging . newline newline finally , he seemed to reach a conclusion .  you are preston sykes ,  he stated . newline newline i nodded , a faint hope that maybe he d mistaken me for someone else dying in my breast .  yeah . so ?  newline newline  you are a heir .  newline newline there was something about the way that he pronounced that word , the capital letter seeming to fall into place . still , it did nt make any sense .  heir to what ? my parents came from england , and i do nt think they were related to anyone important  newline newline he sighed , as if i d gotten a test question wrong .  not this pathetic , fleshy body . your soul .  newline newline  fleshy ? look , i ve been going to the gym ...  i looked down at the stubborn bit of gut that refused to go away . admittedly , i really had nt been to the gym in a few months , since midjanuary , and i did keep on getting those donuts at the drivethrough for breakfast ... newline newline the man scowled , and something suddenly suggested that provoking him further would nt be a good idea .  and now , it seems , your soul has incarnated into the body of a creature especially slow .  newline newline  hey ! i m not  my voice rose in protest , but then cut off as i suddenly felt a rumble beneath my feet . i frowned .  was that an earthquake ?  newline newline the man standing beside me looked even more alert , if such a thing was possible . if he d had ears like a dog , they would have perked up .  danger .  he sounded strangely eager . newline newline  danger ? no , it s probably just something  again , my voice cut off as the earth once again vibrated beneath me . this one felt stronger , as if the source of these disturbances was approaching . another vibration followed on the heels of the second , this one catching me off balance and dropping me to one knee . newline newline the man shook his hands out of his sleeves , the flicker of a thin grin dancing on his face .  a challenger to the throne ,  he said .  your champion is ready .  newline newline throne ? champion ? i looked up at him , opening my mouth to ask what the hell he was talking about  but then my eyes rose past him , and the words died on my tongue . newline newline it was an especially overcast day , the clouds hiding all traces of the blue sky and sun presumably somewhere above . now , however , something dark loomed in those clouds , growing slowly more distinct as it approached in time with the earthshaking thumps . newline newline this could nt be real . it was huge , taller than my office building . the shadow looked strangely humanoid , but twisted , misshapen . a gorilla ? had king kong come to life and now lumbered towards me ? newline newline i stared up , spellbound and transfixed , as one of the thing s limbs came down towards us . no , it was nt covered in hair . not a giant gorilla . it looked armored , like some kind of giant robot . newline newline a maniacal giggle ripped its way out of my throat . a robot gorilla , a hundred feet tall ? i was losing my mind . newline newline but no matter how many times i blinked , pinched myself , it still loomed there . huge , hulking , gray and ominous with a glowing red dot up at the little lump where its head ought to be . it moved in , and i saw one of those massive fists rise up . newline newline it was here to kill me , i realized dimly through the fog that filled my head , paralyzing me . this was the end of my miserable little life , dying in a way that i could nt even comprehend , squashed by a monster out of a nightmare . newline newline  challenge accepted ,  said the blackclad man standing calmly beside me . he lifted his hand newline newline a sound , like the world s largest oldschool crt television powering up , static in the air newline newline and a beam , blindingly bright as the sun , shot out from his hand to stab the huge king kong robot in the center of its chest . newline newline for an instant , nothing . the scene was frozen , a tableau like a threedimensional painting for me to admire . newline newline and then , with a sound like a baseball bat connecting with a metal shed , a giant knocking down an aircraft hangar , the robot s chest exploded outward in all directions , fracturing and ripping to send a hail of sizzling metal out in all directions as shock waves made my eardrums scream . newline newline the monster , its chest a smoking ruin , took a single step backwards , then fell back . i saw a building collapse beneath it , failing to break its fall , and a little tiny corner of my mind gibbered as i realized that i was now very definitely unemployed . newline newline the man in black watched the huge monster fall , that little hint of a grim smile still dancing around the corners of his gaunt face .  challenge defeated ,  he said , sounding satisfied .  but it s still not safe . we need to go .  newline newline he held out his hand to me , and this time , i let him tug me up and away . i did nt know who he was , where we were going , but it seemed prudent to go along with this .summer days as a teenager were always been best spent at the cottage . the day had started as most days do . up in the mid morning for a late breakfast of tomato and bacon on toast , then down to the lake , where my family was already swimming . it was a hot july , though the lake was always deep and cold , and we rotated between floating on large inflatable toys , and dunking into the water . to stop the baking , we d joke , already tanned from a summer of bikinis and swimming . newline newline when we got hungry , we hiked back up the hill to the cottage , for sandwiches and reading on the deck , while towels and swim suits dried on the railings . the sun moves quickly across the deck , and darts behind nearby trees , making for an endless game of shuffling to follow the patches of sun and shade as they drift over the stained wood . that might be why we did nt notice the clouds roll in until the first drops of rain started hitting the books . newline newline as always , this set of a flurry of motion . got to bring in the cushions , the books , the towels and swim suits , and make sure the shore is clean . i volunteered to run down the hill and secure anything that might blow off . newline newline the rain was a light drizzle by the time everything was secured . one last toy to bring up to the basement , a large inflatable pink disk , affectionately known as jigglypuff . as i looked out on the lake , i heard the familiar rush of wind , and the sounds of rain on the forest picked up a notch . i plunked the toy on my head like a sombero to shield me from the rain , just as the sky opened up above me . i stood and watched the lake as the rain flowed across it in waves for several minutes , before heading back up the hill with my makeshift umbrella .i ve seen many different people in my days . i have no clue on exactly how many , but i ve had 21 pairs of parents and countless friends . three pairs of parents are still alive and i ve found almost all of my friends on social media once again . however in none of my lives have i the slightest feeling of contacting them . newline newline it started as normally as any other person living their life . embarrassingly enough my first life was pretty bland . today , however , i m standing on a cliff in colorado at 25 years old in my 21st life . now i know what you re thinking , but no , i m not about to jump . i ve done that a few times already and it s not great as i thought . my mind is 563 years old , but i learned that lesson much earlier on . newline newline most of my deaths have been accidental really , only a few were my choice . the hardest part of this whole situation is trying to pretend to be an infant of all things ! my second and third death were actually the people in the room who helped with my birth ! so i learned to shut up and cry pretty quickly . if anything my parents afterward were relieved to find that they had ,  ..such a quiet and smart baby !  the sheer amount of times i ve put that damn circle in the circle hole on my first try , and hearing those words , has driven me crazy . newline newline  are you coming jayce ?  newline newline  just a few more minutes , this view is better than any view in my other lives .  newline newline whoops .  newline newline  what does that mean ?  newline newline  it was just a joke , just give me a few more minutes .  newline newline you d think after 21 lives i d learn not to slip up , but it still happens from time to time and i doubt anyone would take me seriously . and my name is not really jayce , it s just this time around it s the name i happened to get . i think i m more of a bradley , it s my first name so you ca nt just throw something like that away . newline newline i wonder what some other s would think if i d be able to have a documentary about me . what would people do that i do nt ? i ve been a piano prodigy and that was a good life . i ve also been an addict on multiple things , hence my first jump . i just ca nt imagine what i should be doing . i do nt think i m meant for anything , especially since no voice of a god has spoken to me . the biggest thought i have is that maybe everyone is going through the same thing and everyone s just as scared as me to admit it . it makes sense , i do nt think i d like to be put in an insane asylum anytime soon just in the event that i am the only one . newline newline so for now i ll just keep doing what i m doing , living lives how i want and making memories that will , most likely , be forgotten . i might even try to cure cancer or something , i ve got plenty of time to do so . although , i think i d rather finish this hike , since it s something i surprisingly have nt done . newline newline  alright i m coming !  newline newline  finally , what were you doing back there ? thinking of curing cancer or something ?  newline newline  something like that .  newline newlinenewline it didn  t even matter . even when they told him that every time he said it it prolonged her life it made no difference because she made no difference as far as he was concerned .  god save the queen  he would say jokingly after a few beers . as far as he was concerned it was prolonging her agony and that was fine by him . newline he knew what he was doing . few did . i suppose that is the curse of life in general . either you are blessed by ignorance or you are envious of it . but for him it was a bit of both . he knew that every time he said those words he was prolonging the inevitable . he knew that even if he stopped others would continue and so his stopping was pointless . maybe a bit of him felt that his participation was his exercise off control . like his decision not to take his own life . like the wind . newline but he was one of the few who knew what he was doing and so he was plagued with the responsibility of knowledge . while he spent most of his days looking down from his balcony at the tiny cars and people on the street below and feeling a deep sense of sonder , a sense of connection with the meaningfulness of life that each of those lights and specs represented . sometimes he wished he was one of them . sometimes he wished he was anyone but himself because being him meant knowing what he knew . newline even if he wanted her to die it wouldn  t matter . even if he told every one of the lights and specs it wouldn  t matter . she would live forever . and he would never know . newline newlinethe sun beats down on me as i try to find some small respite from its omnipresent heat . early man saw the sun as a god . later , he learned that it was just another star , a giant ball of ordinary hydrogen collapsing under its own weight . it was man who placed undue importance on the sun , just as i place undue importance on my own life . i imagine myself as the last member of a noble species , but really i  m just a walking hourglass , an ecological vestige . i am no better than the animals that fill the forest with their cries , laughing uproariously at my pretensions . long after i am dead , it is those animals , or beings like them , who will inherit the earth . they will grow and learn and become intelligent . eventually , they will discover our monuments , our cities , our artifacts . they will wonder and marvel at the vestigial remnants of a foolish species which caused its own destruction . eventually , they may even piece together the events that led to the end of humanity as a whole . but they will never know where mankind died . nobody will tell them about the four companions who decided that the period at the end of humanity would be written 20 miles out of asheville , under the cool shade of a beech tree . nobody will tell them about the solemn stares passed among three pairs of empty eyes , and how those eyes remained just as empty as three shots rang out through the forest . nobody will tell them about the man who pried the gun from his best friend  s fingers and stared at it for a long while before almost absentmindedly letting it fall to the ground and walking away . that , i believe , was the moment humanity died . now i live as a wanderer , an animal , almost , living to live until i die . it has occurred to me , in my more pensive moods , that i am quite unique in history , the only man whose passing will not be mourned , or even known . once again , my mind wanders to memories of my friends and my eyes begin to prickle , though my tears were all shed long ago . undoubtedly they would be upset , thinking that i broke our pact , but they would be wrong . i did not run from death . i just chose the longest , most agonizing form of suicide . newline newline living . newlinei saw them walking down the street ... ... . for the 14th time this week . i let out a small  for fucks sake  and grab my umbrella . i walk over to them and stand in front of them . newline newline  what exactly are you assholes trying to accomplish ? killing us with the smell of rotten blood ? come on , do something already or fuck off .  newline newline the turn and look at eachother then pull out a map  actually ... ... were just lost . do you know the nearest walmart ? were looking to find a way back to hell .  newline newline i inhale and hold my breath for a second .  techniqually the nearest one would be down main , near st.anne street , but its pretty small compared to the one down by broad and james .  newline newline  the one on the white horse nods thanks but before they go i ask  whats gon na happen with all this blood ?  newline newline  look , ill take it all back to hell if you sell me a childs soul .  i think for a second newline newline  down the block , theres a little kid , blonde short hair , names timothy , take his soul . the little shithead ... .  i say the last part under my breath . they thank me and in the next 2 hours all the blood is gone and everything is back to normal . its been a week and i havnt seen that shitstain down the street in a while . all is good .a standard laundry room , one of the fluorescent lights is flickering , giving the room an eerie feeling to it . the walls are painted green , and the laundry machines are green as well . one of the five machines is turned on . the clock ticks just past ten in the evening and midnight is just around the corner . someone is sleeping on the table in the back , a man with a classy brownish fedora over his face and a matching trench coat rolled up as a pillow beneath his head . he is quite fit , he has a shabby beard and long , frizzy hair . he is snoring loudly , almost wheezing , like he has been smoking since he was ten years old . he looks like he is about his midthirties , probably single since he reeks of booze on a tuesday night like this one . newline newline the man on the table is detective ace hardy , a private eye who hasn  t worked in two weeks now . he  s finally taken his time to do his laundry , imagining that it will be like the start of a new chapter in his life . as the loud machine comes to a sudden stop , which leaves the room in a very unnerving silence . he comes to , sits up , and rubs the sleep out of his eyes . he gazes over at the machine , wanting it to continue its soothing lullaby and hoping that he could sleep for just a few more minutes . ace stands up , and walks over to the machine . he looks at it with an angry frown , like he hated the machine . newline newline he grabs his purple basket , which he brought his laundry down here with . and starts to pick his clothes out of the machine , and after he  s made sure everything is out . he picks up the basket , and kicks the hatch closed with a loud bang . then he walks over to the dryer , and hauls the clothes inside before starting it . then he takes a seat on the table he slept on , finds a small bottle of bourbon in his coat , and sits there and sips , while the dryer does what it does best . newline newline the sound of the machine is falling away , further and further away , until he can  t hear it at all . his mind is completely blank , the headache from drinking too much is silencing every other thought . he almost feels the sleep coming back to him , but just as he is about to fall asleep again , a loud crash makes him snap out of it . newline newline he dashes up , and looks around him , trying to make out what that crash was . the dryer has stopped , he fell asleep after all . he notices his bottle of cheap alcohol lying in pieces on the floor . he  s first relived by the fact that there was nothing more serious , but when he realizes he smashed his bottle of liquor , he gets sad and angry . he mumbles some curse words through the corner of his mouth and steps over to the dryer . starting to pick out his warm clothes . he takes a handful of shirts and socks and buries his face in it , feeling the warm cloth on his face is nice . he imagines it to be the bosom of emily bonnet , his fine next door neighbor who he has a little crush on . newline he takes the basket of clothes out on the table , and pours all the clothes from the basket over it . starts sorting it in piles across the table , shirts , underwear , socks and pants . then he starts folding the pieces one by one , and putting them in the basket again . until he reaches the socks , then he stops and looks at the pile of black and white socks . there is something wrong , six black socks , but only five white ones . he spreads out the socks across the table . and looks at them with a puzzled face , then he smiles and takes up some valium , swallows a handful of pills and then he takes one of the black socks and puts it on his hand . newline newline  i know you have something to do with this roy ! i can feel it.  ace yells at his socks , wearing one sock on each hand , both black . newline newline  i don  t know what you  re talking about , campbell . this is insane ! i haven  t done shit , i want my phone call !  he replies to himself , moving his left hand like a sock puppet . newline newline  i know you know what i  m talking about , the sudden disappearance of felicity mcsockly !  newline newline  i know nothing of this !  he keeps using his hands as sock puppets , and shouts their lines with different voices . newline newline  we  ll see about this , i  m going to crack this case wide open tonight , and you  re not going anywhere .  newline newline he rips the sock on his left hand off and he takes on of the white ones . he puts it on , and has the black sock questioning the white . newline newline  mrs . thorne , you  re a smart woman , you wouldn  t lie to me would you ?  his right hand say  s to his left . newline  why i would never !  the white sock replies . newline newline  where were you between eight and nine this evening , before the laundry room ? did you see felicity anywhere tonight ?  newline newline  i was minding my own , coming home from doing some grocery shopping that  s all . but i did see a man entering felicity  s apartment somewhere around that time.  newline newline  describe the man entering her apartment please.  newline newline  well , he was a man with a black suit . it might have been that boy duncan from the second floor , he seemed like he was up to no good.  newline newline  don  t you worry mrs. thorne , i  ll have a talk with duncan right away.  newline newline ace pulls of the white sock , and picks up another black sock and puts it on his hand . newline newline  hey , duncan , wait up !  ace yells with his right hand to his left . newline newline  what  s up detective ?  his left answers . newline newline  what where you doing in felicity  s apartment earlier this evening ?  but as soon as he finishes that sentence , his left hand starts moving away quickly and he is yelling in a high pitched voice like a madman . newline newline  stop in the name of the law !  ace yells as he pulls out his gun with his right hand and aims it at his left . the left hand raises all five fingers and freezes in place . newline newline  what the fuck ?  comes from a female voice over by the entrance . it  s the young and beautiful emily bonnet . as ace looks up and sees the lovely young woman , and the way she looks at him like he  s a freak . he too freezes in place . aiming his pistol with his right hand at his left hand , and looking at emily dead in the eyes . there is only one way out of this situation . newline newline ace shoots himself quickly through the eye splashing his blood across the ugly green wall . and that is the story of detective ace hardy . newline newline newlinethere ! my eyes wide open with an expression of fear , i lie on my back and listen . it is completely quiet in my room , too quiet . then , the cracking of the floor beneath me , barely audible . but still , there it is again , and it s coming for me . shivering , i quickly pull the blanket over my head and press my eyelids together . two minutes pass without another noise . just as i am falling asleep , the old wooden planks crack again , this time a bit louder . it is coming closer ! as if the creature knew that i am awake , it drags its long , sharp claws over the floor . the fear is eating me up from within , causing heavy drops of cold sweat to run down my forehead and neck . newline newline in no more than a minute , the monster will be standing by my bed , ready to tear me into pieces . paralized by the fear , i just lie there and listen . the creature moves towards me , letting out an eerie sound that makes me shiver in horror . i dare not move a muscle or cry for help , as i know that every help will come too late and mean nothing but the demise of more than one person . finally , the monster has reached the far end of my bed . i can feel its cold breath , a breath that has meant the end for many people before me . the air grows heavy , i can hardly breath . my heart is thumping as if it wanted to rip a hole into my chest and escape . newline newline the creature prepares to leap forward , to pierce my torso with its claws . just then , i hear a shriek of pain . something wet covers my blanket , which is slowly getting damp . startled , i push the now wet blanket away from my head and straighten up . i see the creature , lying on the floor , a distorted expression on its sinister face . only then i look up to find a grey silhouette levitating above the now dead monster . blood is dripping from its long teeth . it looks me directly in the eyes , filling me once again with the deepest of horrors . then it quickly disappears into the darkness beneath the bed , never to be seen again . richard , over here !  our team had just made it to shore when amy jumped ship and ran inland . newline newline  take it easy !  called richard as amy skipped away , further and further inland . newline newline back on the motorboat , benedict and alex were unloading equipment , cackling at each other  s crude jokes they told on the 10 minutes  ride towards this newly discovered island . as biologists , it was their job to search and discover whatever they could . newline newline  amy !  called out richard . she was nowhere in sight . richard ran up the path amy took , but was stopped by a bump on his calf . richard turned only to find that his childhood dreams had somehow come into fruition . a pidgey stood right behind him , pecking at his feet . newline newline i guess dreams really do come true , richard thought to himself . newline newline bending down on one knee , richard reached to pet the pidgey when he heard a screech further inland . richard sprang up and sprinted towards the scream . as rich moved further inland he saw amy sitting motionless against a tree . newline newline  did you drain yourself already ?  he asked mockingly as he walked towards her . newline newline when richard got around to the front his childhood had deceived him newline newline amy  s head was bashed in , almost like it exploded . newline newline a classic oberyn martell . newline newline richard turned again to spot a geodude about ten feet away with blood soaked fists and a scary face . newline newline richard  s defense fell sharply . newline newline he sprinted as fast as he could , weaving in and out of trees , running back to shore to warn the others . when richard got within eye sight of the motorboat , he could only stop and stare . newline newline a swarm of beedrills had taken to alex who was now the closest we would ever possibly get to the puffedup blueberry girl in willy wonka . further down the shore , benedict was getting the shortend of the stick . newline newline he was being gangbanged by squirtle squad . newline newline richard tried to make a break for it , but was electrocuted by a rabid pikachu . lying in the sand , surrounded by pokmon , richard breathed his final breathes . pikachu crawled onto his chest , sparked up and spoke in a menacingly low growl . newline newline  pika pika motherfucker.  newlineit  s simple , she reasons , at the end of the day it  s easy to make it look like an accident . she realises that you can be in the wrong place at the wrong time every other weak without it looking suspicious , can rack up a kill counter that most would be jealous of nearly as easy as breathing . newline newline jane  s first level up is her son , completely accidentally to be fair . she  s tired , over worked and trying to make herself a meal with him in her arms , wailing and crying like children do . her phone rings , bzzt bzzting across the table and she reaches for it with one hand while the other stirs her dinner and before she knows it her baby is on the floor . the crying has stopped but the phone is still ringing and all she can feel is bone deep relief followed by a startling clarity . the menu pops in front of her eyes , soothingly gold , and it  s as if everything finally makes sense . level 2 it reads and she puts her points into stealth , figuring that she  s going to need that well before strength or crafting . newline newline turns out she  s right . the police come knocking the next week but can not find her . she sits in the middle of the kitchen , invisible in plain sight before she leaves her apartment and gets into her car . it  s run down , nearly as unnoticeable as she is and when she  s driving home a pedestrian walks out in front of her . instead of slowing down she pushes her foot harder on the pedal and hits the teenager at a speed no one is likely to walk away from . she knows he  s dead when the menu flashes up again , announcing she is at level 2 . she invests in stealth and speech this time , adding a perk into  incognito  to be safe . newline newline she gains another 5 levels in as many weeks , carefully each time . she  s a plain , middle aged woman with crooked teeth and a soft body and the levels only make her more unremarkable . when she reaches level 7 she  s sitting in front of a tv , a dead family at her feet from a poisoned take away meal when the news starts and she is enraptured . there are stories of hunters gaining levels and become legendary , or police officers speccing in healing to help their fallen comrades . some us army vets level for combat , tougher skin and faster reflexes , capable of uprooting entire buildings . the news anchor claims the highest recorded level is 5 , held by a general with a love of gunfire . jane just smiles , she is already level 7 and no one knows she exists which only makes everything easier . newline newline the next day she robs a bank , sweet talks some tellers , suffocates others with barely a though and leaves with enough money to make a ceo jealous . she befuddles another bank , transfers her funds and covers her trail in less than an afternoon . it  s almost to easy . she gains 3 levels that day and each time the menu appears it  s like a breath of fresh air , the world seems to focus and it  s as if she is looking with new eyes each and every time . newline newline that night she returns to her old apartment where she had lost her child . there is a new family there , level 1 and so in love it makes something ache inside of her . jane  s quick with these ones , as she is with all her kills . she positions the parents together with their child in their bed , as if they could be sleeping . she stares at the place she had once dropped her baby , the place where her hair had stuck to her forehead with sweat and she had called the debt collectors , her voice in pieces , begging for more time . newline newline she feels empty . this time not even the chime or the gold of the menu is soothing . she feels as if someone has punched a hole straight through her . sometimes she wishes someone would . maybe one of those army vets , or a professional hunter , but no one ever comes . she stays in that silent house for days with the bodies , waiting for the world to clear , but it doesn  t . newline newline she skips town and doesn  t feel right until she  s gained another level . and another . and another . she stops wishing for death , because she s done wanting things she can not have . newlinepain .  newline newline you look down . you see the item fall out of your head . newline newline metal . it is metal .  newline newline you recall with perfect clarity what the object is made out of . newline newline wait , what ? newline newline that ca nt be right . you know this because ... because ... newline newline you think for awhilegive or take five minutes , but eventually it comes to you . newline newline you were bitten .  newline newline there s the answer . it took awhile to come to you , but your mind is as sharp as ever . one of them bit you . the walking corpses that are plaguing this world , killing everything they can get a hold of . those mindless killing machines that ruined the world . newline newline zombies . newline newline wait . this is wrong .  newline newline zombies do nt think . or at least , they should nt . the ones your group of survivors encountered were more like simple beasts than any humaneven some of the stupider ones you ve seen . newline newline why are you different ?  newline newline you struggle as you try to remember . while you can still think perfectly fine , your mind is no longer as fast as it once was . maybe that throbbing in your head is related to it ? you gingerly reach up , scraping dirt encrusted nails across your forehead , tearing into your rotten scalp . you idly note that you ca nt feel pain . newline newline suddenly , you remember why that throbbing is there . they put the metal object in your head . they did it . the others . newline newline your fellow survivors . newline newline they did it because you had been bitten . it was the sensible thing to do , you all agreed . you did nt want to infect them , and they did nt want you infecting anyone else . so , they shot you in the head . once . no sense in wasting ammunition , after all . newline newline but you had managed to survive ... and what s more , you could think ! you could think like a human , yet you had all the benefits of their  condition  . zombies never tired , did nt need to sleep , andso far as anyone knew , did nt need to eat .  did nt stop them from doing so , though . poor jesse  if you joined up again , you could help them even more . you could save them from the other zombies . newline newline if only you could speed up your thoughts . maybe it was the result of the shot to the head ? you moan in annoyance . if only you had some way to fix your stupid brain ! newline newline take some .  newline newline you jerk your head up , staring about wildly as you look around for who could have said that . newline newline take some .  newline newline with a start , you realize that this voice is in your head , apparently telling you to  take some .  but take some what ? newline newline take some thoughts .  newline newline you puzzle out the meaning of this and then realize : it wants you to eat others ! you shake your head in disgustyou are nt some undead freak like the others ! newline newline take some thoughts to get some thoughts .  newline newline you pause , then go over to the window . down below you can see a survivorthe lone wolf type with plenty of guns . newline newline no , i should nt .  newline newline take some thoughts .  newline newline is this what i ve become ? another one of them ?  newline newline take some thoughts .  newline newline besides , he would shoot me before i even reached him . i d die again if he saw me .  newline newline but as you shake your head to dissuade yourself from ideas that are nt yours , you happen to glance over at the man again . he is standing underneath your window , in plain sight as he relentlessly mows down the undead on the street . newline newline drop something .  newline newline you look in the apartment for something heavy . there ! an old tv ! without pausing to think , you lift it and throw it out of the window , almost certainly killing him . newline newline you quickly run down , eager to get at his thoughts . newline newline thoughts ? newline newline is nt the thing in his head called something else ? newline newline you shake your headno matter . you just need his thoughts , and then you ll be good as new . just like before ! you ll be back to normal . newline newline having reached his corpse , you lick your lips , and begin to dig in . newline newline take it all .  newline newline you heed the voice , messily eating everything you can tear off his corpse . suddenly , you hear a voice . newline newline  joe ? are you okay ? i stopped hearing yooh my god ! joe !  newline newline she covered her mouth with both hands as she looked at you . mouth still full , you turned your head towards her . newline newline take some more .  newline newline yes , you needed some more . you did nt have nearly enough thoughts . you needed more . more . newline newline you lunged at her , but she was ready . she brought her handgun up . newline newline 8 mm . same thing they used . you ll be fine .  newline newline and indeed , you were . you are nt sure whythe movies say you would nt be moving right now . you do nt care . newline newline take some more .  newline newline  shit , no no no , not like this , please , god , anything but this ...  she sobs as she starts to run . you easily catch her , sending her to the ground . you legs dully ache , the result of you putting more stress than a human would have on them in order to outpace a human . you are nt concerned . newline newline after all , you have enough meat here to repair any damage that you would have endured , so why should you be concerned ? and after this , well , your fellow survivors can be of use to you in getting more meat . and if they are nt , well ... newline newline you ll just have to take some . newline  newline though you claim to be above your condition , newline you are clearly acclimatized to your transition , newline so shed your humanity , and submit to the disease , newline as you pretend you do nt bring others down onto their knees . hardly camouflaged , but suitably out of the way , he crouched behind a rock and admired the latest contraption . atop the cliff overhanging the road , levered perilously on the edge , teetered a giant acme boulder . stretching invisibly across the black top below was thin trip wire . the remarkably fast bird would trip and be stunned . as the fowl stood and regained composure , a rocket would be fired , destroying the ledge of the cliff and allowing the boulder to plummet to the earth , crashing and pancaking the elusive emu . newline newline such was the unnecessary and overlyengineered nature of each one of his schemes . newline newline meep meep !  newline newline a streak of feathers followed by a rooster tail of dust stormed down the pavement towards the trap . wylie crouched , peering around the edge of the rock to see the cloud rise and fall , looming ever closer through the winding and hilly roads of the canyon . newline newline meep meep !  newline newline this time louder . wylie sat with his back to his hiding place , tucking his limbs around so as not to expose any bit of himself . newline newline vvvvvvvrrrrrrrrrooooooooooooooooooooooooom !  newline newline snap newline newline tumble newline newline the old coyote jolted to his feet . standing directly on the x he painted on the road stood the beast . its neck wavered side to side and a halo of stars circled its head . the coyote s jaw dropped . it had cost him fifty years , seven hundred and fortythree failed attempts , four marriages , several life savings and every friendship he d ever made . but now on the simple road before him , stood his nemesis . dazed and confused . newline newline mmrrrreeeep newline newline the malfunctioning call of the bird snapped wylie out of his trance . he hastened to raise his rocket and aimed it at the ledge . with a pull of the trigger , a missle tore up the cliff and struck precisely and accurately where he had intended . a hail of dirt began to rain down followed by a large , whistling boulder . the coyote snapped to attention . he faced and saluted his feathered foe , staring him dead in the eye . the bird remained dazed , a tornado of dust engulfed the scene . only the halo of stars was visible . the whistling grew louder , and louder until finally wylie retreated from his attention and plugged his ears , cowering behind the rock , bracing for impact . newline newline crash newline newline not a meep . newline newline coughing but completely unscathed , wylie crawled from behind his rock and stood to survey the scene . the dust was thick and coated his palette . waving his hands as he walked toward the spot , enough dust cleared he could make out the outline of the boulder . slowly and cautiously he approached it , anticipating some form of reciprocal injury . soon , enough dust had cleared he clearly saw the boulder , and the crushed black top below it , and a pair of ostrich legs protruding from the end . wylie gasped and snapped to attention , once again saluting his enemy . newline newline a tear rolled down his cheek . newline newline   newline newline not really sure if i captured the essence of the  trope  , have nt tried this before .rachael was dreaming  she was sure of it . this could nt be real , after all . her husband , her beloved james , had passed away and she was nothing . she felt nothing . empty as the condolences of a pastor who had never met james , and would never understand why his friends called him crazy jim . the pastor rambled on about the superficial details that in no way gave light to what an amazing man james was . people thanked james for how much he helped them , the hospital staffed paid for a huge wreath with tacky red flowers that looked like drops of blood . patients sent cards . a boy in the back sat with his face in his hands . rachael sleptwalked through the funeral , holding a cup of strong coffee that was pressed into her hands by an unrecognized face . she wet her lips , but did not drink . newline newline newline an hour after the funeral , and rachael was nt too sure how she arrived at the reception  she had blinked and there she was . different people milled around her , handing her plates of food that she just put down . she could nt eat . everyone know you ca nt eat in dreams . rachael sat down on an overstuffed chair that smelled like mothballs and waited to wake up . newline newline newline it took two days for the reality to set in . james was gone , gone , and rachael had spent much of the past day howling in agony . she pulled at her hair and wailed , she clawed and bit and writhed , because she afraid that her heartbreak would swallow her and only her inflicted pain reminded her to live . gone was the stunned emptiness  grief had grabbed her . newline newline newline a week after the funeral , a package arrived . with shaking hands , rachael signed off for it . the package was deceptively small , only about the size of a deck of cards , but rachael was too scared to open it . she knew what it contained . she quickly covered it up with a stack of bills . newline newline newline it took until two weeks after the funeral before rachael was brave enough to uncover the package . it was dusty . rachael felt an absurd urge to apologize for leaving it . she bit her lip nervously and reached for the tiny box . it was so light she could barely feel the weight of it in her hand . it rustled . she put in back down and left the room . newline newline newline seventeen days after the funeral , rachael finally opened the box . inside was a plain usb drive , solid black , with the words blackwood mortuary home in gold typeface engraved on one side . on the other  james w. baker . just seeing the name brought a fresh wave of panic over her , but she fought it down . rachael had waited long enough . trembling , biting down the grief that still raged inside her , she plugged it into her computer . a prompted flashed on the screen , then audio started to play . it was garbled at first , but it refined into a painfully cheerful male voice . newline newline newline  my darling rachael ... i know this is so terribly sudden . please do nt blame the driver , he s just a kid . it s my fault anyway , i was jaywalking . you always said i rushed around too much  but i was in such a hurry to get back to you . i have great news ! do you remember that routine bloodwork you asked me to run for you ? well , it came back  with a surprise ! rachael , my love , my everything , you re pregnant ! i never dreamed ... not with how bad your pcos ... hope it s a little girl ... like her mother ... boy ... playing with trucks ... newline newline love ... love ... love ... y rac ... do nt blame ... love ... preg ... love ... david called it his study , but really it was just an office like any other , filing cabinet , desk , crappy cord phone , etc . however , everything in a church had to seem holy somehow , so david stuck with calling it a study . newline newline on the other end of the desk was a young man , chunky in all the wrong places and greasier than bacon . he was wearing a backpack he refused to take off even as he sat down and when he spoke , david wondered if this manatee of a man had actually hit puberty or not .  i want you to marry me and my wife .  newline newline  well for starters ,  david sat up ,  if you want me to marry you two , she would nt exactly be your wife now would she ?  newline newline the man shook his head ,  no , we re already married , but she d like the ceremony .  newline newline david tried to imagine what sort of woman would be with this loser , but smiled pleasantly anyways ,  fair enough , what s your name ?  newline newline  jeremy pott .  newline newline  alright , jerry ,  david checked his notes ,  we ve got a pretty open schedule if you book two months in advance . got a date in mind ?  newline newline  tomorrow .  newline newline david silently asked god what he did to deserve this before sighing ,  i m afraid that wo nt work out , jerry . two months in advance , otherwise i ca nt guarantee anything .  newline newline jeremy scrunched forward in his chair , the legs screeching against the floor with each heave ,  it has to be tomorrow .  newline newline this was not something david liked to advertise , but he kept a can of mace in his desk drawer , just in case . being a preacher always meant having to deal with some form of crazy who thought they knew more about jesus than he did . or just any sort of crazy really . david saw all sorts and this fellow was just another in a long line of nutjobs . still he preferred to avoid a ruckus in his study if he could avoid it .  why does it have to be tomorrow , jerry ?  david gave his most holy smile ,  you re young , you re healthy , you ve got your whole life ahead of you ! i m sure you could wait just two months .  newline newline  no ,  jeremy said with a look david did not like at all ,  it has to be tomorrow . i do nt care if no one else shows up , i do nt care if we only get 15 minutes .  jeremy was leaning so far forward in his chair he might as well just stand ,  all i need is for you to say the words and let me and my wife say i do .   newline newline  and kiss ?  david quipped , but jeremy just stared ,  okay , jerry , i understand , but you re asking for a lot . believe it or not , the church is a pretty busy place ,  david put a hand on his chest ,  i m a pretty busy guy . we have all sorts of events and services here . in fact , tomorrow we re having a   newline newline when a stack of hundred dollar bills drops on your desk , there is the initial slap that wakes you up and then the gentle rain as every bills falls neatly in place after . it s something of a little miracle .  ten thousand dollars for fifteen minutes of your time .  jeremy said and he slapped the stack again ,  five thousand dollars now and five thousand after .  newline newline david smiled ,  9pm good for you ?  newline newline  newline newline standing at the altar was one of the worst parts of the job . you had to stand there for the whole ceremony , smiling like you re so happy for these strangers who were probably just going to get divorced anyway . and wedding ceremonies could get long . people would always take forever with their damn vows and david s knees always started to hurt after an hour of just standing there listening to some morons drone on and on about love . thankfully , jeremy was nt the type for gabbing , he did nt even say hello as he walked into the church with a rented tuxedo , clipon bowtie and his backpack . newline newline as jeremy came up to the altar , he straightened his bowtie and smoothed his hair as if anything about him was fixable .  how do i look ?  newline newline  like a man about to get married .  david said as cheerfully as he could ,  is the bride here yet ?  hopefully jeremy would still pay even if she was nt . newline newline  yeah ,  jeremy was still smoothing his hair ,  so i look good , right ?  newline newline david nodded , still beaming ,  absolutely splendid . when is she going to enter ? fifteen minutes , remember ?  newline newline  alright ,  jeremy stood a little straighter and pulled his backpack off ,  let s start this .  after a certain point , david had assumed the constant wearing of the backpack was to hide a hump or something , but when jeremy took the backpack off , he had a normal fat person back as any other fat person would have . newline newline it was as jeremy unzipped his backpack that david wondered if he should ve brought his can of mace with him . they were alone in the church , the senior s play of othello had finished more than an hour ago and david had already sent off all the other staff home . the church did nt open until 6 in the morning tomorrow and that was frail little sister carol . the only way david could defend himself was with his bible and as hefty as it was , david did nt think it would help much . newline newline jeremy took his wife out of his backpack and the first thing david noticed was that her hair was pink . the second thing he noticed was that she was a pillow . a full body pillow with a pinkhaired girl sprawled out as if she were on a bed , her eyes furtively looking up and her hands nervously at her mouth , coincidentally pressing her naked breasts together . newline newline  are you going to say the words or what ?  newline newline david looked up at jeremy and realized that he had been staring at a pillow s breasts for about a minute . there was the briefest moment of conflict before david s trademark preacher smile returned ,  of course , jerry , you re about to be a very happy man .  and as david went through the words , he realized that he was the type of person that d declare a man and his pillow , husband and wife if it meant ten thousand dollars .mark was sitting at a support group . all around him were people who looked a lot like him . they were obese , many of them could nt come on their own so they drove themselves in wheelchairs . he looked around and thought what a sorry bunch of people  but somehow he felt he was nt like them . he could nt quite put a finger on what exactly that was but he just knew it , after all , he wasn  t here for obesity . newline newline someone was talking :  ... and we should think about ourselves more then just fat people , we have other talents , we are valued members of society and contribute to society as much as any other man or woman .  newline newline then some blonde girl interrupted . newline  but i have a talent for eating , i am good at it , i enjoy it , why should i , why should we , be ashamed of it.  newline newline her words resonated with the group , and many people approved what she said . that encouraged her to continue . newline newline  my name is martha , and i am good at eating , it  s my talent . i also draw , but i am good at eating and proud of it  newline newline then many followed . newline newline  my name is george , and i am also good at eating . i am an accountant , a good one , but i am not ashamed of my eating habits.  newline newline  my name is john , i excel at eating , enjoy every moment of it , and also i work as a copywriter for top 100 company , but will not be bullied by anorexic people.  newline newline one by one , they all introduced themselves and proudly spoke about their jobs and talents . finally it was mark  s turn to speak . newline newline  hi , my name is mark , i am good at eating , i enjoy eating and also i enjoy my other hobby   he paused while they all waited  i am good at killing people.  newlinethe customer entered the small food tent on the street corner . medium height , fairly overweight build , just into the first 3rd of his life . typical office worker on his way to another meeting , or maybe hung over from an extended networking session the night before . did that explain the dark glasses ? saitama could nt decide . newline newline the customer sat down , coat folded over his left arm , and stared expectantly at the counter . saitama s boss , owen , came forward . newline newline  hello sir , how are you today  a greeting , expected by all customers newline newline  hello  said the customer  i understand you do a very good brunch here .  a common question at this food tent . newline newline  why yes , we have a large assortment of food from all over the world available . would you like to see our pad thai or ramen menu ? maybe some gnocchi and meatballs ? we just got some beautiful smoked salmon for eggs  newline newline  maybe i should be more direct  the customer said , holding owen s gaze  i have been told you do a brunch here . in fact , i here you do the brunch here .  newline newline  wwwell we have many brunch options for your  newline newline  let me make this clear ! i am no ordinary customer . i am the 8starwritingassoicationrateddanishfood critic esbjen  black hole  drassingberg and i have been rating the world s greatest restaurants for over 20 years .  newline newline  i have over 300 reviews of 5 star restaurants  esbjen continued .  i have dined in the great hotels and casinos of the world . i have eaten with gods and drunk with devils . i have crossed the great oceans of the world . i have traversed it s most barren wastes . i am not just any food writer , i am the food writer .  newline newline  but you look nothing like a danish person  owen said .  where are your blue eyes and bulging muscles ?  newline newline  oh , they re here stodder , they re here .  newline newline with a dramatic yell , esbjen tore off his nicely tailored suit with a series of flexes . exposing his developed musculature . newline newline  and what do you think a danish food critic with such massive sex appeal and gustatory knowledge as myself does when he is in a backwards country like yours mid transit for a day or two ?  newline newline  they visit the beach and the local shops ?  newline newline  they get drunk enough to drink with odin in valhalla that night .  said esbjen . newline newline  now ,  said esbjen .  i have heard that your little , shitty , grimy , and completely empty at 10:24am shop makes , without question , the best brunch in the world .  newline newline esbjen s sunglasses snapped as he flexed his eyebrows . newline newline  i do nt believe it , i refuse to believe it . no one shop can have such a bold claim . it is impossible . the variety of food from across the world can not be collected in one place . plus to be a true brunch , it must have the alcohol absorption of a pile of grease and the nutritional value of a fresh vegetable and legume quiche . this , is the true character of the meal we call brunch . hence i am here to review your shop , and i m letting you know so you have the best chance of not being torn to shreds in my latest travel guide .  newline newline  so  said esbjen , finally sitting down .  impress me .  newline newline  well then  said saitama . newline newline esbjen turned to face the slightlybuilt chef . newline newline  you want to try the brunch , do you ?  newline newline esbjen sneered .  why yes , yes i do .  newline newline  one brunch , coming up  said saitama . newline newline   17  said owen . newline newline esbjen paid , and started taking notes at his milkcrate table and chair . newline newline after a short while saitama brought out a large white plate . newline newline esbjen appraised it . newline newline  plain flat egg noodles with a ginger and lemon sauce . small pieces of fried eggplant , sweet potato , broccoli , and bacon . over two large slices of thick french toast with hash browns . pifft  esbjen scoffed .  what is this peasants meal you have served me ?  newline newline saitama did nt say a word , but returned with a small bowl of tomato soup with small dumplings in it . newline newline  enjoy your meal .  newline newline esbjen tasted his first mouthful of the noodle dish . newline newline  wait a moment  he thought  that s not an ordinary plate of noodles ! the noodles are ... .lightly fried ? and ... ..moroccan flavored ?  newline newline he took a second mouthful , this time with some toast . newline newline  the bread  his eyes widened .  it s , it s perfect . like golden heaven inbetween two crusts !  newline newline a third followed . his hangover started to actively feel better . newline newline suddenly esbjen felt a ravenous desire to consume the noodles . he started gulping down the contents of the plate . pausing only once to start drinking the soup with the dumplings . newline newline  each gulp is like the orgasmic squirt of a maiden in ecstasy . the richness of these sweet tomatoes overwhelms my soul . and the lamb dumplings taste like fulfillment in a pastry . like a doner kebab in miniature form .  newline newline esbjen came to the end of his food .  wwwwhat ? howww ? where did it go ? did , did , did i get carried away and forget to write anything ?  newline newline esbjen felt a sudden onset of sleep . newline newline  what , but it was nt big of a meal ... was nt it ? wait , i caaanntyawni caan nt go out liiiikeyawnthis . i drank that bis ... ness..man ... ..out ... ... .his ... ... ... .paan  newline newline esbjen fell face down on the table . breaking both the top crate and the plate and bowl on top of it . newline newline owen breathed a sigh of relief .  well , that s over . at least this bastard paid before he ate this time .  newline newline owen walked over to collect the plate . newline newline  oh for fuck s sake saitama ! can you stop using the nice china for these stupid meals . they cost  8 a piece . eightfuckingdollars cunt . go to the store on your lunch break at 3 and get a replacement for each . and rack me another milk crate while you re at it . stupid onebrunch  man ...  newline newline      newline feedback welcome . first ever submission i ll let you pass with these , afterall , there s almost nothing you can do with them , am i right ?  the airport security guard winks to the man and he smiles in return . newline newline  thank you sir , i must have left these in my bag when i was packing up .  the man starts to walk trought the metal detector and picks up his bag , smiling almost naturally , only a little drop of sweat rolling down his forehead . newline newline that was the best plan ever , he would highjack the plane and land it in north korea , so he can live in the comunist paradise . he found his way into the plataform and got into the line of passengers waiting to board the plane . newline newline  all passengers , please sit down and prepare for takeoff  after a little argument the terrorist was able to take a seat next to the pilot cabin , ready for action . newline newline after the takeoff the terrorist was calm , more than he expected he would be . the plan was simple , really , all he needed to do was to wait for the exact moment . newline newline 2 hours into the flight and the lights were turned off , and the terrorist started his plan . he went to the bathroom and in the way , checking if noone was watching he kneeled down and spilled the toothpaste all over the floor , getting up and continuing in his way to not rise any suspicions . newline newline in the way back he took a little plastic back of water , 3.5 ounces to be exact , and spilled it next to the pilots door , assuming that some of it would get inside the cabin . one of the flight attendants begun to serve the lunch , lights were turned on and the passengers attention were all focused in the cart with food and drinks . perfect for the terrorist . newline newline  aaahhhh  this scream was the best sound the terrorist could hear , and when he saw the flight attentand had slipped in the toothpast and the cart had fell on top of her .  what is happening , can someone clean this wat ?  the pilot opened the door to check if everything was ok , but when he was about to finish his sentence the terrorist rushed inside the cabin , closing the door and stabbing the pilot with his scissors , one , two , three times , in a fury he could not control . newline newline when he recovered his senses the pilot s belly was totally open and the cabin was filled with a foul smell , the smell of blood and death .  ok , how do i control this ?  he asked himself . he never saw a commercial plane s controls and so he did not know that to do , pressing all the buttons in panick , eventually turning off the autopilot and sending the plane to the bottom of the sea . newline newline  my second prompt so pardon me , english is not my main language so any corrections are welcome  newline  sorry for the abrupt ending , i have a test tomorrow and i need to sleep he had trouble getting out of the car . the ride was smooth but long and at nearly 90 years old his joints had stiffened during the course of the last three hours . the cane hesitantly grasped the gravel and successfully bore the weight of him as it had for years . a younger arm helped lift him out of the passenger  s seat .  i don  t think it  s too far of a walk , dad  the owner of the young arm said ,  just past that tree  newline newline he grunted and nodded and they set off at a snail  s pace in silence . far from empty the grounds were buzzing with people of all ages , shapes and sizes . some were walking . others were stopped looking down . young children flitted around unknowingly and received harsh silenced requests to  settle down  and  be respectful  from their parents . newline newline the grounds were awash in colors , fall was putting up a valiant fight against an impending winter . reds , yellows and oranges were scattered about the ground . there were flowers of all sorts : roses , carnations , daisies and lilies . evergreen wreaths contrasted against the grey stones . despite the covering of leaves that crunched beneath their feet , some of the trees still held onto their glory . up ahead , one particular tree was full of orange maple leaves and backlit by the midmorning sun . it painted gold onto everything around it , including a modest piece of granite several yards from it . newline newline  just a bit more ,  said the younger man newline  yes  returned the old man simply . newline newline it took a few more minutes but they reached that golden granite headstone and the younger man let go the old man  s arm  i  ll just be over here dad  he said motioning to the tree .  take as long as you need  the old man nodded without looking up at the young man . slowly and gingerly aided by the cane the old man lowered himself to one knee waving off his son who upon seeing this had started over to help . he reached in his front shirt pocket removing a handkerchief and wiped his forehead and eyes just for good measure before he spoke . newline newline  it  s been a while jack . i know i don  t get out here to talk much  not as much as i promised anyway , but it  s a long drive and i  m an old man now so it  s har oh that doesn  t matter . jack , it  s alice . she  s not doing well . two years ago your girls sold the house and moved her to a home . she had fallen a few times  couldn  t get around  couldn  t take care of herself . the place was nice though and she was happy . she made a lot of friends . she did puzzles , played the piano there . the girls visited a lot too.  newline newline he paused for a moment considering , and then continued  last year she fell again . got dizzy and passed out . they checked her head and found a tumor . too old for treatment . i can  t imagine she  d have wanted it anyway but the docs said it would kill her quicker than what she had . she did okay for a while , good spirits and all . she started forgetting  things , people , the girls . she hasn  t talked in months . they  re not sure if she can  t or won  t . last week they moved her to a different place . hospice care . they say it won  t be long , maybe this week , maybe next month . the girls seem okay but it  s hard to tell . they always were so strong , like you.  newline newline the old man looked around and then lowered his voice to just above a whisper .  you should be there when she comes jack . i know she  ll be looking for you . she waited for you while we fought . waited and didn  t hear from you for months because the damn mail took so long . she was waiting when i brought you home and gave her that damned flag . you know i thought i knew heartbreak before but i  ve never seen anything like that . of all the awful things we saw together that  s what haunts me most , seeing alice with that flag . newline newline the old man paused for what felt like a long time , considering what to say next . he began again more casually , my boy turned out well . he was just on the way when we left together . was almost two when we came home . wish you could have met him jack . fine young man he is . runs his own company  advertising . gave me two grand kids : janie and lewis . smart kids and funny as all get out . they tell me jokes they read on the inte  newline the old man stopped himself .  sorry i  m rambling now . you were always easy to talk to ...  newline newline the old man looked over towards the tree and gave a small hand wave , and the son started walking toward the spot the old man knelt  i  ve got to go jack . go wait for alice . when you see her give her my love . i  ll see you soon  newline newline the old man got to his feet with the help of his son and they walked back to the car now acutely more aware of the people they passed . the old man felt connected to them but he  d never say something so foolish aloud . newline as the young man put the car in drive he turned to his father and asked  glad you did this ?  newline newline the old man nodded slightly and said  let  s go see my grand kids  newlinethe buzz of showroom floor fell into utter silence . everyone drew and held collective breath with such coordination that my ears popped . the only sound in the entire place was the tiptapping of the presenter  s stilettos and the flick of the tails of the ford malopolski performance horses behind me . newline newline ten minutes ago we  d been gawking at the new mitsubishi misakis . the new iridescent coats and photophores along the flanks and bellies had gone over smashingly , though i  ll admit i was more interested in the new , highfriction hooves mitsubishi had spliced into them . newline newline  and now , the announcement you  ve all been waiting for !  the presenter said , gripping the sheet that covered the absolutely massive horse trailer . newline newline everyone craned and peered . i was glad that i was tall and could see over all of them . i  ll admit , i was infected by the excitement as well . how could i not be ? general mustangs had been nailing it at every convention for the past decade . last year they had unveiled an all new line up of elevatedsaddle workhorses , and there were murmurs that this year they were pushing splicing to the limits to release an entirely unprecedented horse , something with speed , style ,  strength . newline newline  now unveiling , the sleipnir !  newline newline she yanked the sheet down and the giant beast stepped out , its eight hooves thundering on the stage . newline newline edit : proofing .i needed to beat misty . newline newline from arriving at cerulean city , it took several hours to get to the city gym , and it took another half hour to make it through , but at last misty stood before me , her staryu ready for battle . i reach into my backpack and threw out a fossil . newline newline  go helix fossil !  newline newline  m !  professor oak s voice rang through the air .  now is nt the time to use that !  newline newline misty stood in disbelief at the fossil i had thrown before her . i searched my backpack , before finding a pok ball . i take it out , and throw it at her staryu . newline newline  you ca nt catch other people s pokmon !  the voice scalded me .  do nt be a thief !  newline newline i fumbled around my backpack some more , before i found a pok ball containing one of my own pokmon . i threw it at the floor and out came a pidgey . newline newline  go bird jesus !  newline newline  newline newline after a close victory , i ve managed to beat misty and earn the cascade badge . but my erratic journey was only just the beginning ...laserfire flew past , red , blue , and greens streaking across the sky . my armor felt heavy , and my breathing was ragged . i looked up from my cover for a split second , before seeing something that made me tremble with fear . the jedi was approaching , as were the republic soldiers . i threw myself back behind the small , knee high wall . the enemy were barely fifty meters away , and we were most definitely fighting a losing battle . the damned jedi had killed so many of my comrades . newline newline newline i suddenly was struck with an idea . i looked to my belt , struggling to grasp at one of the grenades hooked onto it . finally , i managed to unhook it . i held in my hand , preparing myself . slowly , the marching footsteps of the republic soldiers drew nearer , and my breathing grew slower . each second ticked by , fear creeping into my heart . i tried , desperately i tried , to hide myself behind the fortifications , pressing into the ground . time slowed . then , i heard the sound i was waiting for . crosh the sound of the jedi commander stepping over the wall , with his metal boots . i looked upward , and saw my chance . his dark brown robe swept over me , and i quickly popped up . i clicked the red activation button on the grenade , and hooked it to the jedi s belt . then , as quickly as i got up , i got down in the small hole , and played dead . i gripped my rifle , making my knuckles white . if this failed , i would die shooting , not being shot by a republic drone in a muddy pit . newline newline newline newline the jedi stopped dead in his tracks . he quickly threw off his robe , and looked around on his belt to try to find the grenade . his hand came to rest on the small , iron sphere . as soon as he did that , he fumbled to unhook it . while in the midst of attempting to throw it away from himself , it exploded , taking off half of his torso , and his entire left arm . his screams were terrifyingly loud , but i savored each second of his death . i could nt believe it , though . i had actually killed the one jedi who had caused so many deaths within our army . this was now a battle we could win . the enemy soldiers that surrounded the jedi attempted to somehow heal him , to stop the bleeding , but quickly abandoned the effort . the volume of his screams was just too revolting , and there was no way to heal that wound . he had a massive lung puncture from shrapnel , was choking on blood , and was missing half of his body . all the while , he screamed . he screamed , yelled , and choked . newline newline the battle was winnable . and now , we had the upper hand .the boom was deafening and seemed to shake jack to his bones . newline newline he sat up immediately and listened to the night , but there was nothing to hear . his animals were silent . it seemed almost too quiet . he laid back . it must  ve been a bad dream .  newline newline the screech was even louder , finally frightening the animals and whinnies and moans filled his ears . i couldn  t have imagined that .  newline newline jack slipped on his boots as he got out of bed and cautiously pulled back a curtain , afraid of what he might find . newline newline where his driveway had been was a crater , its bottom glowing bright through the smoke and dust . newline newline the shotgun his father had given him did nothing to calm the wild beating of his heart , but it felt good nonetheless . he grabbed a hand full of extra shells as he crept towards the door , gun at the ready . newline newline one , two ... three .  jack opened the door newline newline smoke clouded in his face when he went through and into the night . jack frantically wiped his eyes with the back of his hand , but it seemed to do no good . he knelt in the grass , hoping to give his eyes time to adjust . as his eyes adjusted so too did his ears and he realized the frantic sound of scratching beneath the terrified sounds of the animals . newline newline the crater was not at large as it had seemed , maybe six feet across and ten feet deep . he knelt again at its edge and leveled his gun . newline newline a high pitched squeak burst out of the pit .  hail !  his finger almost slipped . newline newline  all hail the true and allpowerful being !  newline newline a gust of wind came through the yard . jack squinted and tried to hold his father  s gun steady . finally , the smoke cleared and he looked back in the pit . i must be asleep .  newline newline in the center of the crater was a threefoottall metal egg glowing red with heat . a door of some sort had opened on its side and beneath it stood three dozen tiny fivelegged creatures , nearly as red as the capsule they had emerged from . the largest of the stood in front , leaning on its back three legs and holding the other two legs out wide in a greeting . newline newline it spoke with a highpitched , clear voice .  oh lord , we are humbled to be in your sight.  it turned and faced its companions .  my brothers , we have made it !  newline newline the group cheered in a way the earth had never heard . newline newline their leader turned back to jack and bowed , the others followed its lead . newline  we have prophesied this moment for all eternity ,  the large red being raised its head slightly to look at him .  we are your faithful servants , yours always to do with as wish.  newline newline jack did not remember pulling the trigger , but the screams the red creatures let out in their death would haunt his dreams for the rest of his life .asha watched in amusement as giles struggled to wrench the blade free . a coat of sweat drenched his face from his arduous struggle  basking his goatee in a shiny gleam . a thousand fools had tried to pull brightflame free  asha thought to herself . a thousand more will fail .  newline newline giles gave one final yank of the sword before a loud snap was heard .  fucking shit ,  giles yelled in agony .  i broke my arm ! i broke my fucking arm !  giles fell to the floor wallowing in pain , his left hand clutching his now broken right one . newline newline  maybe if you gave ol  bloodletter a try , you would nt have broken your arm ,  asha said quietly to herself . newline newline  fuck you , asha  giles barked as the healers carried him off . nothing escaped his large ears . not even asha s mutterings . newline newline  next , asha rose . approach the dual swords of faith .  newline newline it was now asha s turn to attempt the impossible . she had been standing in a line of her peers awaiting their chance to pull free brightflame  the sword of the light . none wanted to pull bloodletter free . newline newline asha approached the dual swords of faith with ease in her steps . while others before her had stressed out over their turn , asha was wholly relaxed . she never once believed her , nor anyone , capable of pulling free either of the swords from the forlorn stone . newline newline  asha rose , daughter of grim and allison rose , you stand before the forlorn stone . lodged within are the twin blades brightflame and bloodletter , the dual swords of faith . attempt to pull both free and remember that no magic is allowed . magical contact will result in your immediate death .  newline newline  yeah , yeah , i heard you say the same thing to the first 7 guys ,  asha brazenly told the harbinger of the faith .  relax , will you . there s not a soul in here that s gon na pull these blades free .  the harbinger stood silent while asha s mentors sighed and shook their heads in embarrassment . newline newline asha began by jokingly performing a series of stretches . her mentors cursed under their breath as she stretched out her arms and neck in an exaggerated fashion . when she started to get to stretching her legs her eldest mentor shouted  that s enough nonsense , ahsa ! get on with it already !  newline newline  fine ,  she groaned .  you lot are no fun .  newline newline asha finally faced the twin blades . all that could be seen were their hilts as the blades themselves were wholly lodged within the forlorn stone . one sported a golden complexion . that was brightflame . the other sported a black color . that was bloodletter  the sword of the dark . newline newline asha placed her hand on brightflames grip . she inhaled her breath , looked behind to wink at the crowd , and finally yanked at the lodged sword . newline newline asha was shocked when she seamlessly pulled brighflame free from its resting place . the room went silent as all stared at her in bewilderment . newline newline  mme ? ii m the one chosen to free brightflame ?  newline newline as if to answer her , the harbinger bellowed  asha rose has been chosen by faith to wield the blade brightflame . she shall heed the call of the light as she resists the pull of the dark .  the harbinger waved his hand in a circular motion , opening up a portal between asha and the people behind her .  enter the portal with brighflame in hand , chosen one . your destiny awaits you there .  newline newline asha stood before the portal completely dumbfounded . her confidence and braggadocia now given way to confusion and uncertainty .  i ca nt be the chosen one ,  she said aloud .  i ca nt be ! the prophecy states that the champion of the light can not exist without the champion of the dark .  newline newline  enter the portal , chosen one . do not make me force you into it .  newline newline asha stared at brightflame . if i m the champion of light , then that means the champion of dark is here with me  she thought . but the only one left in line is ...  newline newline  dunstan ,  she said aloud right as the harbinger pushed her into the portal with an elemental spell . newline newline asha was flown out of the temple and into an arid desert . she landed face first into the sand . she slowly got up and dusted the sand off her body . as she took in the view of her new surroundings a sense of despair now struck her . newline newline  i ca nt believe it ,  she whispered .  my own brother is now the champion of the dark .  newline newlinealiens . we always assume they re so advanced , but cleborp and trucaone of the paernoxz galaxy bet each other they could advance human tech to level 10 in one lifetime . cleborp made the bet , so he assumed the challenge . as part of his bet , he came to earth and assumed the role of elon musk and made his seed money with paypal . newline newline when he moved onto the next phase is when things got weird . newline newline turns out paernoxzians are a moron race , real mouth breathers , and they do nt have a taste for historical research . while highly advanced races before them had mastered intergalactic travel , the paernoxzians outbred them . paernoxes use the before tech every day , but they have no idea how it works . they also have no concept of the history of human technology and that in fact , human technology is much more advanced than paernoxzian tech . newline newline cleborp decided to tackle electric cars , he just threw money at it , losing money on every example even though he used mind control to promote the products . what he did nt know is that electric cars were common in the 1910s . he also decided to introduce retrorockets  a concept humans had used to land on the moon . his race had never mapped the earth moon , so he only applied it to payload rockets , the kind he saw functioning at tech level 14 reliability  even though he had no concept of this level  . newline newline so , it turns out humans reached level 10 before cleborp even arrived and so he won . trucaone paid cleborp in full , in the form of an emotionless fembot who only creeps people out in public . newlineafter a century of hard work , milo had finally gained the title of ambassador . his role was to scout out new worlds and make contact with other lifeforms . newline newline his first assignment was a small planet orbiting an modestlysized sun . the inhabitants had only just become a spacefaring people , but their magicks were still powerful . they had conquered nearly every corner of their world . today milo was meeting with their ambassador , a woman named leanna . newline newline the two representatives met in a large white palace . leanna led milo into a darkened chamber . milo walked in and took a seat at the table . when leanna walked in , she touched a panel on the wall . there was a clicking noise and the entire room filled with light instantly . newline newline  dear lord ,  said milo . leanna was nt even straining to maintain her spell of illumination , and it was much brighter and more powerful than anything milo had seen on his home planet . newline newline leanna took a seat across from milo at the table .  sorry , is something wrong ?  newline newline  your spell of illumination ,  said milo .  it s absolutely incredible .  newline newline she furrowed her brow .  i m not sure what you mean .  newline newline  it s not important ,  said milo .  thank you again for meeting with me . i understand this is your first contact with an alien race .  newline newline  that s correct ,  she said .  clearly , you are more powerful than us . we want to learn from you , if you would be so inclined .  newline newline milo smiled .  please , you are too modest . my people s magicks are indeed powerful , but i m sure there is much for both of us to learn from each other .  he said it out of politeness , but after the spell of illumination , he began to fear that might actually be true . newline newline  of course ,  said leanna . she reached into her bag and pulled out a small , thin instrument along with a scrap of unusually white parchment . she began writing something on the page . newline newline milo s eyes went wide .  that quillyou did nt dip it in ink . amazing .  newline newline leanna furrowed her brow once again .  come again ?  newline newline  may i ?  asked milo . he reached across the table and leanna handed him the writing tool and the parchment . milo made several marks on the page . no matter how many times he did , it never seemed to run out of ink . the parchment , too , was of incredible quality . it was completely white , uniform , and cut perfectly . newline newline  is everything alright , sir ?  asked leanna . newline newline milo responded slowly .  yes ... thank you .  he handed the tool and the parchment back to leanna .  incredible . i must confess that we underestimated your race . what did you say you called yourselves again ?  newline newline  humanity ,  said leanna .  we are called humanity . i opened my eyes to the bright , cheery , daylight that flowed through the window of my room . not that there was anything significant about it , of course , in fact i could think of many things that would have made the occasion significant , winning the lottery foremost among them . i stretched , getting out of bed , yawned , and reached for my clothes , a skintight fabric that attached itself to ones skin . literally . it was all well and good with the ladies to my perspective , but seriously , who wants to have their dong right out in public for everyone to see ? as my fingers reached the ground , my eyes flashes open in alarm . newline newline my clothes were gone . newline newline as i frantically tore the room apart , i noticed the date on the clock , 3.11.2156 . my 18th birthday . the number rang in my ears , although i did nt remember hearing it . newline newline 18 . newline newline i slowly turned towards the drawer where new clothes would appear every week . newline newline 18 . newline newline my hand reached toward the top drawer . newline newline 18 . newline newline i opened the drawer , revealing a set of clothes covered in a golden pattern that seemed to have an intricate design of darker gold spider webbing across the area . newline newline 18 . newline newline i remembered my dad s white and black striped fur cloak before he died , fighting alongside his snow tiger in the third worlds war , and my mother s sweaters covered with a snow white layer of feathers . everyone s clothes were designed to be identical to their animal , so what animal was i getting ? a beetle ? i sighed and got dressed , knowing that once i stepped into the light , i d be the only one that anyone could see . whatever i was getting , it better be worth it . newline newline 18 . newline newline i turned toward the large dresser that had been erected in my room , and opened it , revealing a large suit of armor that looked like it was covered in golden scales . looked like beetle was out of the picture . folded neatly in the corner was a cape that appeared to be made of the same substance that my clothes were , a thick leathery membrane that looked as if built to catch the wind . newline  newline newline newline as i stepped onto the platform , the light reflected off of my armor , sending thousands of rays of golden light into the audience . it outshone many of the other s that had been seen by far , drawing applause so loud it seemed to shake the very building with it s magnificence . newline newline  you who wear the armor of gold ,  the prime minister said to me , handing to me a sword that seemed to match my armor . it was almost the size of my arm , and when i drew it , the blade was covered with hooks that looked like teeth ,  do you accept that there is greed inside you ?  newline newline  yes ,  i said . it hurt to admit , but i had always known it ,  i do .  newline newline  you who wears the armor of greatness ,  the voice boomed ,  do you understand that others will hate you for it , that they will come to cut you down and take what is yours ?  newline newline  yes .  my voice was becoming more resolute , as i began to understand what the armor meant . newline newline  you who wear the armor of the ancient , what will you do to those who challenge your power ?  the minister said , bringing out the cage that held one s animal . he took the cloth covering it off with a flourish , revealing a dragon , exactly the color of my armor , with intelligent eyes that were bronze upon black . newline newline i looked upon the beast that had once been feared and hunted to all but extinction , and in that moment i linked with it . i suddenly remembered all the memories passed down from it s ancestors , i remembered the fear the dragons held for the armies of knights that hunted them , and the hatred the children had for the monsters that killed their parents . i looked up at the prime minister , and saw him recoil in fear at my voice . newline newline  if they come for us , we will kill them . two giant warships orbiting the earth set their sights on each other , each ship holding enough weapons and munitions to destroy the planet one centillion times over . down below at the earth s surface , the humans cowered in awe at the great alien machines floating in the heavens . some bowed down in reverence , a few made foolish plans to fight , but all men were at the mercy of the great machines , each a capitol ship of an alien state . many thousands of warbirds surrounded the two great vessels , each loyal to one opposing flag or the other , ready to fight to their deaths . newline newline inside one cavernous warship lies the ancient one , forever melded to a coffin of wires , steel and overgrown flesh . his words come in harsh tones undecipherable by human ears , but his edicts carry the weight of twohundred billion conquered stars and the lives of many trillions . his legs are the ship s ballasts , his arms are the mighty railguns . the ship whispers and lurches at his every thought . the many worlds he has conquered are but lowly serfs to his indomitable will . newline newline the other great warmachine is only a limb of an eternal conscious shared by a trillion trillion souls , known only in quivering whispers as the lady . the lady grows as she consumes , sending her lifegiving tendrils longer than the tails of comets into star systems , tangling the planets like overgrown vines until nothing is left but the husks of beings melded into one mind that spans half the width and breadth of the galaxy . newline newline each side has a million million million ships like these at their disposal . newline newline since the beginnings of the universe the lady and the ancient one have fought for control of the galaxy , like two rats trapped in a cage . the borders of their hellish realms ebb and flow with the never ending march of time , and here , earth , is the last unclaimed corner of the galaxy , the last pathetic obstacle in their dominance over the milky way . the two immortal ones have been quibbling over earth for nearly five billion years . newline newline  this planet is mine , now go away you abominable slut ,  boomed the ancient one , loud enough to tear a gas giant asunder . newline newline the lady , speaking through the alien tongues of a trillion trillion beings , answered ,  take those unspeakable words back you hunchbacked monster . you unwashed trousertrout !  newline newline  never !  the ancient one shouted . within a millionth of an instant , earth s moon was no more . newline newline  this is just like you , always stubborn , never seeing the errors of your ways . if we communicated our feelings openly and with respect , then we would nt have to fight .  the ancient one only mockingly repeated her words , creating a paradox that swallowed saturn whole . newline newline  you can stick to your feelings and communications and respect all you want , but i want my planet .  the lady only grew in anger while he spoke , sending a few hundred stars into supernovae . newline newline the lady , controlling her immeasurable anger , continued .  we both know that you re unfit to assimilate the seven billion souls of mankind . i m a much better caregiver .  newline newline  what s wrong with a little autonomy now and again ? you and your wishywashy types with your feelings , always wanting to control everybody . the earth is mine , go find some other planet to tentacle rape , you sultry , consumptive hag .  with this final insult , the lady went into a sun shattering frenzy . the earth and all seven billion of its souls were consumed in a fiery holocaust , and nothing was left of man s great achievements but their remains , now rivers of molten rock flowing through barren ash . newline newline  you ruined my planet ! it s all black and ashy now !  said the ancient one .  just like last time . you have a tantrum and poof ! no more dinosaurs .  newline newline  enough with those dinosaurs .  newline newline  but they were so cute and tiny !  newline newline billions of years before and many trillions of years from now the two endless beings of the galaxy will bicker . neverending , their whining and moping are the cycles of life and death in a galaxy plagued with unspeakable horrors and relationship woes .i kind of did nt see the profound bit , then i realized i only sort of knew what it meant , then i looked it up and anyway not sure if i got this right : newline newline jack looks out the window . hot snow is still falling up . he puts his head right up the window so he can look further down the street . newline newline his new neighbours , the johnsons , a family of inter dimensional grilled cheeses are still playing beach volleyball on the patch of purple sand balanced precariously on an elder being from the eight dimension who has transcended it s need for a body and is now just an idea , leaving the patch of sand looking like it was balanced on a vinyl recording of the movie lethal weapon 3 . newline newline in short reality was still all fucky . newline newline  a lot of trouble over the number 2  say jack newline newline  it s not just the number 2  newline newline  what the  newline newline jack turns around to see the grim reaper stepping out of a door in the middle of the living room . the reaper closes it and it turns into a rubber ducky that falls to the ground , sprouts muscular legs then runs through a wall into the backyard where it s stepped on by a large scaly foot , belonging to a creature just different enough from godzilla to avoid copyright infringement . newline newline  crap , that was my ride home  says death newline newline  uhm  newline newline  right , as i was saying pi was supposed to be infinite , so it s not just the number 2 , it s the end of infinity , which is nt supposed to exist  newline newline  am i going to die ?  newline newline  yeah one day i.oh right yeah sorry no , well you re going to die but not today  newline newline  but are nt you  newline newline  yeah normally , but right now they kind of have us all working on fixing reality  newline newline  and hows that going ?  newline newline an anvil with wings flies into the window and gets stuck because the windows are now jello . newline newline  we re making in roads  says death newline newline jack and death stand there awkwardly . newline newline  so what are you doing here  newline newline  well when one impossible thing happened reality took that as an excuse to go hog wild so i ve got to go around and try to , ahem , curb the flow of impossible things . try to bring reality back to reality  newline newline  i guess that would have been a better question but i meant why my living room ?  newline newline  oh that door that turned into a rubber ducky with legs that ran outside and was promptly killed can be kind of erratic  newline newline  i see  newline newline there is another awkward pause . newline newline  well i guess i should ...  says death newline newline  should i be doing something ?  says jack newline newline  how would do you feel about shooting a bunch of zany shit with a shotgun made out of bone ?  newline newline  i m not sure i have an opinion on it  newline newline  i m sure you ll be fine  says death , pulling a shotgun made out of bone from his cloak and handing it to jack  take this and cover me  newline newline  cover you ?  newline newline death goes outside and the johnsons leave their patch of sand and fly straight at death . death swings his scythe through 2 of them , then grabs a third with his boney hand , throws it to the ground and stomps on it . newline newline a fourth grilled cheese flies straight at jack , growling and foaming at the point between the two pieces of bread . newline newline  oh fuck  jack shoots it with the bone shotgun and the sandwich explodes , splatter his wall with cheese , bread crumbs and a blue substance . newline newline  right everything that s not supposed to exist hates you for actually existing and is going to try and kill you now . probably should have lead with that  says deathi woke up from a rough night . i had been drinking and partying and having fun you know . young people stuff . i opened my eyes slowly to a beep beep beep which i thought was an alarm clock so i groggily reached over to turn it off . newline except , it was nt there . newline i was nt at home . i was nt at a friend s . i was in a hospital . i frowned and looked down at the tingling sensation on my arm . it was a three letter word slowly forming in black cursive . a name . a name ...  newline it was jen . i do nt know who she is . it was just ,  jen .  newline i looked around for the nurse when she walked in .  why am i here ? what happened ?  i was confused . why was there a name ? why was i in the hospital ? newline she pulled up a chair .  so first off , lets start with you re in chester s mill hospital . you got into an accident .  she looked at my wrist and back at me .  you hit a van bringing home a family from a late night football game .  i nodded to let her continue .  you killed a 6 year old girl . the mother is in surgery and the father has a broken leg . they re in this hospital .  i could nt think . i could nt talk . my mouth felt like a desert . i killed her ? i looked to the nurse and her head twisted slowly , soft expression turning into a blank one filled with anger and hatred . the room swirled into darkness .  you killed a little girl , james ... 6 years old ... . her whole life to live ... you killed her .  the nurse yelled in anger , twisting into some melancholy form . no longer a woman in scrubs with blonde hair in a bun . she was a giant force of twisting negativity . the room shook violently , twisting and warping . things fell off the shelves and there was a silent wailing . i screamed and woke up , like being thrown into a new life . my chest rose and fell , my lungs searched for air . my heart struggled to recover but my mind was cloaked in a constant cloak of this . newline i had been in this psychiatric hospital for 8 years now . i was 21 when i entered . today jen would ve been 14 . she haunts my dreams , my every waking moments . i catch her staring with a crooked neck and frail body . tiny arms still clutched to a ragged teddy bear . she s always in the background . newline the name is still there . on her birthday it gets darker or a new part is formed and i slowly learn about what she would ve become . so my friends , the moral i m writing in this journal at the hospital is , do nt drink and drive . it was fearsome . it was intelligent enough to weaponize music . savage enough to use it against us . it looked human , but it had the blood of both a dinosaur and of the most vicious of the weasel family . it cloaked itself in rags and all you could see were glittering eyes , full of malice . newline newline it approaches its prey slowly , and questions them about what kind of music they like . then they say the words ... newline newline and deafening music blasts from within their cloak , destroying the listener s ears and breaking their mind after some time , as the creature will pin their victim down once their ears are broken , enjoying that person s suffering . only dubstep fans can escape this creature , by dancing appropriately to its song , earning its respect , at which point it will walk away . newline newline so practice , children . practice your dancing , lest one of these frightening creatures find you . newline newline lest you one day hear the words ... newline newline  raptorbadgerwinlikepowpow ! heavy footsteps loom closer , and i hold back a sigh as i allow my form to dissipate . just in time , i vanish from mortal viewing as the closet door slowly opens , flooding the tiny space with light . a tall shadowy figure stands guard at the entrance , carefully inspecting every corner . he turns to a much smaller version of himself . newline newline  no monsters tonight kiddo , do nt worry .  newline newline monster . the single word a knife that cuts far deeper than any physical weapon . and yet how am i to convince the humans otherwise ? my true form is so vastly different from theirs , that they ca nt conceive the notion that i mean no harm . newline newline it started with horror movies , where claws and fangs are meant to maim and injure  to devour humans . i m harmless i swear  these claws ca nt bring harm to mortal flesh , their sole purpose lies in vanquishing the shadowlurkers . newline newline shadowlurkers are mirrors of humans , though they are as their name sounds , no more than shadows . humans can not see them , just as they ca nt see me when i hide my true form . you can not see the shadowlurkers by looking at them directly , but you can sense their movement . humans are much more sensitive than they believe , however that pesky invention called  imagination  allows them to wrap themselves in a thick blanket of ignorance and security . newline newline have you ever seen something out of the corner of your eye  just a flicker of movement , and you turn your head to find nothing out of the ordinary ? it was a shadowlurker . they patiently wait until you ve fallen deep into sleep , and suck your life away . they are hardly ever fatal at first encounter , merely shaving small increments off your life at a time . newline newline they are the cause of nightmares , not i . i am a guardian , i was created to protect the human race , to keep the shadowlurkers at bay . so why am i the monster ? why am i the one who brings tears to the little one s eyes ? why am i the outcast ? newline newline nonetheless , i will shoulder my fate . it is my sworn duty to protect the human race , i and all guardians like me , have banded together in unity . the shadowlurkers seek only to claim this world for their own , feeding off humans to strengthen themselves . newline newline so next time you hear a  monster  in your closet , sleep peacefully and know you are protected . but listen to your gut when you catch a flicker of movement , or find yourself filled with dread for no reason , and pray one of the guardians will be there to protect you .so there i was , walking along one day , in a field . and i found a bottle on the floor . it was an old looking brownglass thing and it stank of oil . not a very nice bottle . but on closer inspection it bore the name of a well known beer brand and i thought with a bit of cleaning it may well be worth something one day . so i picked it up and rubbed it with my sleeve to get rid of the dried cow crap that was coating one side of it . newline newline well you ll never believe what happened next . poof . a big cloud of blue smoke , awful stink of hydrocarbon . could nt see a thing , coughing like crazy . when the smoke cleared there was this kind of drab fat guy sort of hovering in the air in front of me , also coughing like crazy .  woah neat trick  , i said , genuinely impressed .  hey , i m a genie and my name is dirk  , said the genie when he had caught his breath .  i m a budget genie which is why i m in this fucking horrible stinking bottle . you can make a wish but it has to be kind of broad , because i m not very exact , and you know , if you wish for something exact i d look like an incompetent fuckwit if i got it wrong .  newline newline  ok then , mr genie , let s not mess about here .  i fully decided to take advantage of my situation .  i wish to be powerful . i have always wanted to have great power .  the genie furrowed his brow and looked off to the side for a moment , twirling his little moustache .  yeah that s kinda vague enough . let me see what i can do .  he then folded his arms across his chest , and sort of vibrated , with great sparks and more acrid blue smoke coming out of his ears and stuff . when he stopped he was sweating and wheezing . newline newline  there i did it . hope it works out good for ya .  with that he disappeared . i looked around . nothing had changed . still in this field with all the cows . did nt feel very powerful . i took a step . to my great surprise an almighty chasm ripped open beneath my foot . the whole planet shuddered around me , causing great tidal waves , volcanic eruptions and earthquakes across the globe . the sun changed position in the sky . newline newline i realised that the genie had not given me great power , but instead massive planetmoving torque . i did a few hops , skips and jumps , spinning the world beneath my feet like a circus performer spinning some kind of giant inflatable , killing most of the living things on the planet in the process and rendering it uninhabitable . then i kind of regretted it , and just sort of got killed in all of the resulting mayhem .the weight of her body in his arms was all jack could think about . he was so happy she was alive . this moment was all that mattered . he looked tiffany in the eyes and said  hey tiff , you know what i want to change about this moment ?  a smile crept up on her face and she asked  what ?  he quickly responded :  nothing ! i would change nothing about this moment .  she laughed and leaned into his chest newline newline  really dude ? i mean come on , you would nt change anything at all ? you ve known this girl for what , 8 months ? you re fucking 29 years old and now this girl s existence is your primary source of happiness ? oh christ this is gon na be a long one .  newline newline big ol  cunt jack leaned his nose to her newline newline  goddamnit charlie , you ca nt just aw fuck now the script s changed itself . you got ta narrate this stuff right !  newline  yea whatever , bill . serves him right .  newline newline as jack leaned forward to nuzzle his head into tiffany s hair , he suddenly felt uncomfortable .  ... damn . am i a giant cunt ?  he thought to himself .  what s wrong jack ?  tiffany said as she leaned her head down to his lap and looked up at him .  oh nothing , what do you mean ?  he asked .  i do nt know , you seemed distracted for a minute ...  she said as she touched her finger to his chin . he just smiled and kissed her . he always like the little bump on her bottom lip that she had from cutting it when she was a child . her tongue fluttered into his as she took a deep breath . his breathing quickened as he thought tonight might be night that they make love .  newline newline  wait what . bill , you mean to tell me this fucking guy has nt banged this broad and he s already quoting that line from talented mr. ripley when matt damon is trying to bang that dude on the boat ? who read this last , frank ? he did nt tell me this shit .  newline  dude , whatever . do nt you wan na get out of here sometime tonight ? these humans lives are nt gon na live themselves , just read the damn thing and stick to the script .  newline  aye aye captain .  newline newline jack stopped worrying about whether tonight would be the night and just tried to enjoy the moment . except no he did nt , he realized he s being a big pussy so he finally chose to grow a pair of balls and put his hand on one of her tits while he unzipped his pants with the left .  newline newline  charlie , you re a real asshole , you know that ? tom is going to have our asses for this .  newline newline   wait , jack , stop ! what are you doing ?  tiffany said , shocked .  what about our pact ? this is not right .  she said in protest . jack was surprised by what just happened , it was like he had lost control .  tiffany , i m sorry , i do nt know what came over me .  he stammered . except he stopped stammering and chose to stop putting up with this catholic abstinence bullshit and speak his mind :  you know what , angel of my heart or whatever crap i call you ,   newline newline  let s see ... should be in chapter 4 . nuzzlemuffin ? that s what he fucking calls her ?  newline newline jack realized he really is a big cunt and proceeded to say :  i ca nt believe i called you nuzzlemuffin , you re making me even more of a big cunt than i already am . anyways nuzzlemuffin , you better put out or get the fuck out .  the words came out of his mouth smooth and confident . his strong expression changed to shock immediately after saying it .  newline newline  oh fuck we re totally getting fired . when it happens , we re getting shitfaced and you re buying .  newline newline   haha whatever , fuck it  i hate this job and i know you do too .  jack added . tiffany s expression of utter shock changed to confusion .  what.. what job are you talking about ?  she asked .  newline newline  dude , the button , you have to let go of it !  newline  ohhh hahahaha oh god . whatever , we re already fired . who s doing the liferead next ? frank ? perfect , i hate that guy anyway . to whomever finds this letter , newline i do nt know you , but i d like to tell you a story , and ask a favor of you . newline newline i remember the day the great fire started . the other survivors tell me that it had been started by men with flamethrowers wearing heavy dark coats and ski masks . i would nt know and i do nt think the others really know either . i had been sleeping before the sirens went off . eldoron city was at least 100 miles away from any other town . we were a desert city . we wanted seclusion and now with the power stations out , we got as much as we could ever ask for . newline newline that night , i went to bed early . my daughter , micah , had been quite the handful for most of the day . once i got her to sleep i turned in . i think it was at about 19:00 , but i m not entirely sure . the sirens went off at about 23:00 . if they had nt i would have never gotten my daughter out in time . newline newline i did nt smell the smoke until i opened my bedroom window to see what was happening . the entire city was on fire and the skyline blazed like a sick , multihued sunrise all around us . my neighbors were already standing in the middle of the street . they could nt do anything but watch as their homes burned down . my daughter ran in crying , she clutched her father s old , tarnished harmonica . newline newline my husband had died only a few weeks after our wedding . a drunk driver took our future away . we were very young and not well established . so when i discovered the day after his funeral that i was with child , i sold everything we had together and moved to eldoron city . i kept the harmonica to remember him by . i gave it to micah only a few days before the fire on her fourth birthday , so that she d have something of her father s . newline newline she never liked loud noises and the sirens were deafening . i picked her up and ran for the bedroom door . the bedrooms were located upstairs on the left side of the house . i could already see smoke rising from the staircase . our upstairs bathroom was on the other side , i ran for it . i glanced down the staircase in passing , flamed licked their way up the bannisters and i knew we did nt have much time . newline newline the bathroom window had been sealed shut long before i bought the house . i put my daughter down and kicked it out , making sure there was nt any glass left to cut us . the window was directly above an extension of the roof that covered the patio . i knew if we could get down there , we would make it . i turned to grab my daughter and she started screaming , newline newline  no ! no ! my marnica !  . newline newline i peaked out the door and saw it shining on the floor right next to the staircase . the flame were already visible in the rolling , black smoke . we never went back for that harmonica ... we could nt save it . newline newline ignoring my screaming child , i climbed out the window and sat against the narrow ledge that was just below it . holding the upper part of the window frame with one hand , i grabbed my daughter around the middle and hoisted her onto my lap . she held tight , her skinny arms around my neck and her legs around my waist . i think she knew what was going to happen . newline newline i slid off the ledge and dropped down onto the roof extension . my knees buckled on impact and i fell , flipping myself so that i would nt land on micah . the glass that had been broken out of the window upstairs cut me as i landed on it . blood ran down my arm and side . i felt the glass embedded in my shoulder as i forced myself back onto my feet . my daughter was unharmed . newline newline my neighbors had seen me fall and ran over to help . one of them had a ladder that had been sitting in his truck from his house painting business . as i was helping my little girl onto the ladder , i somehow lost my footing and fell . i heard the sickening crack before i felt it . the pain flaring from my ankle was nt anything compared to the nauseating sight of the bone sticking out white in the moonlight . the neighbor with the ladder had gotten my daughter down just as we saw the flames in that bathroom window . newline newline i screamed as the neighbor picked me up and carried me into the relative safety of the street . i screamed as i felt the glass moving inside my skin . i screamed as the emt in training tried to see exactly what was wrong with my ankle . i screamed for my husband and for my daughter and for myself . i screamed for the future that had been forever changed that night . i screamed until i blacked out . newline newline i woke up 3 days later in a bed . i thought the whole thing had been a nightmare until i tried to stretch . i felt the cuts on my shoulder and side try to reopen and i felt the weight of the heavy wrapping and splint on my ankle . i cried out in pain and confusion until i felt a little hand slip gently into mine .  it s okay , momma . the fire s out now  . i opened my eyes and saw my little girl s blue eyes , so much like my own . her black ringlets had been tied back out of her face . newline newline that was only two weeks ago . the great fire has left an entire city homeless with littletono understanding of what we re supposed to do now . people have already started to leave eldoron city , those who had undamaged vehicles are already gone . they said they d send help but somehow , i do nt think help is coming . my daughter and i are staying in a tent with two other survivors . it s cramped but much safer than sleeping outside in the desert . the heat is brutal but we re all getting by the best we can . newline newline i m writing this all down so that someone will know what happened to us . all the stores of medication that we had has all been used up by the wounded . while my cuts healed fine , my leg will not . i made sure i was alone last time i changed the bandages . there are red lines running up my leg and the smell from the wound damn near knocked me over . i m sick and feverish , i m getting cold chills and i ve been throwing up . i doubt i have much time left now . newline newline and now for the favor , please take care of micah . take her away from here . take her somewhere safe with clean water and doctors and electricity . she s still young enough that she may not remember me . if she ever asks about me , just tell her that her mommy loved her and that she did everything she could for her . and if she ever asks about her harmonica as she s been doing quite often lately , tell her that her daddy has it and he plays it to mommy now . tell her , she can hear it if she closes her eyes and listens . newline newline thank you . .. why ever not ! ?  newline newline without looking up , i answered dr. livingstone s  question  with a tired yet resolute sidelong glance . newline newline he stood there , statuesque , leaning contrapposto onto his left side like usual one ruddy gnarled hand clawing at the swirling amber orb sitting atop his hickory walking stick , wielding it in agitated semicircles as if he were attempting to start the dig himself . the light from the dying sun shone through and refracted off the amber , glinting here and there the dig site . newline newline   this was a tic of his , to which he had oft claimed , quite assuredly ,  it helps me think , dear fellow  you should try it sometime  thinking , that is..  and then he d give a wink . i d say the wink was pretentious as hell , but then i d be stating the obvious . because , victorian explorers . a real vanilla burden , that . africa awaits and all . you know . newline newline  the fear you are presently experiencing is directly proportional to the potential glory of the discovery , i ll have you know . the holy grail of lost cities sits , now , beneath your wary feet.. dig , and win it , boy .  newline newline wanker . newline newline his obvious rhetorical prowess , matched with his being um a fucking ghost , no less the ghost of an iconic historical figure  plus , you know , that highflung victorian accent  while all very convincing , did nt exactly eclipse his condescension . it dripped with a smug moral certitude that could rival yawheh . newline newline the crevice created in the rustic dirt beneath his stick had become increasingly pronounced . his ambition showed through . i enjoyed this observation of mine . it made his already titanic presence a little less so , and emboldened the confidence in my hesitation to dig . newline newline i looked into his eyes squarely now . newline newline being in the company of mortals , i hesitated to hazard a response to the stately specter , but my look stood its ground . and he knew it . newline newline but the determination in him grew nonetheless . l began to look , weirdly enough , vulnerable , even human . the good doctor was glowing more than ever  his appearance , less apparitional and more.. well , less apparent .  he looked alive . newline newline it was his lifeblood . chasing down dragons on the map and replacing them with his namesakes . mastering the globe . vanquishing mystery . bringing order to the chaos .  not a stone unturned , chap  till my dying days..  newline newline i had nt the heart to tell him . he felt he was still alive living who was i to tell him otherwise ? it d crush him . newline newline but what stood beneath his feet , my feet , the collective feet  and fate  of humankind , was dire . gobekli tepe had secrets to reveal which would alter everything . it was nt time .the door smashed open , knocking the old widow agatha over with a sickening crack , there was a collective gasp , and just as some of the customers went over to help her up , a man strode in . he was clad in shining armour , with a brash smirk on his face . i stood up to have a word with him , but before i could start , he had driven his sickeningly clean sword and had chopped a chair clean in twain . the men and women pulled themselves to their feet hastily , and backed away from the stillsmiling man , who s photogenic hair was staying firmly in place as he newline moved on to a fine oaken table . something had to be done , i made my way carefully over to him , avoiding the splinters of wood flying out at all angles , and the ghastly blade , doing is poltergeistic duty newline newline  now listen ere !  i started . the man ignored me . i gulped , pulled myself together and tapped him on the shoulder . he turned around in an instant , causing another gasp . his eyes stared happily at me , like a child with a gun . newline newline  it s a fine day , is nt it .  no other expression passed his face bar that terrible smile . newline newline  er , yes  i started , taken aback  , but  newline newline  do you have a quest for me innkeeper .  he cut in , a statement rather than a question , just daring me to say no . newline newline  do you want a herb from he mountains ?  he continued , as i stared blankly . then , a jolt of realization came over me . newline newline  why yes !  i rubbed my hands together . newline newline  there has infact been a supcorn of a dilemma that we denizens of r  newline newline  skip .  he said , boorishness tinging in his voice . the audacity ! i stopped myself from yelling at him , and continued , it would be better this way ... newline newline  ah yes . the trolls 10,000 days north have been bothering us ! i could reward you handsomely if you could bring me 12 dozen head sorry , toenails . a faint thump in the background wakes me up early on saturday morning . i feel like i should get out of bed but i have only been asleep for a couple of hours . the thumping starts again , louder but still muffled and distant . i can hardly recall what happened before i got to this point . the last thing i remember is meeting up with my buddies mason and nick to go drinking or blazing or something . we always do irresponsible things on the weekends . after continued thumping coming from the next room , i come to , and i figure that we must have done a little of everything because i feel heavy and dazed and i can barely process a complete thought without switching to another one . newline newline i finally pull out of my drowsy daze when a huge crash comes from the front door and i hear someone storming toward my room . i do my best to roll out of bed and stand up and prepare to protect myself before whoever it is comes and tries to kill me . some big , burly guy wearing a tuxedo and glasses like someone straight out of men in black bounds into my room and firmly asserts ,  i m an agent with the secret service . you need to come with me .  newline newline this weirdo and i must have held each other s gaze for a long time before i exploded with laughter . i could not even stand up since i was laughing so hard . who was this jackass ?  i thought . the guys and i must have tried some other drugs or got some bad weed or something because this was over the top . newline newline the big , burly jackass grabs me by the arm and hoists me up to my feet and starts pulling on me . the laughter stops and my hysterics quickly turn into panic . either i was having a really bad trip or i did something really bad the night before . agent jackass begins to explain to me that something has come from another planet or something like that and i have to explain why humanity should nt be erased . newline newline then agent jackass breaks down crying . newline newline  why are you crying , jackass ?  i ask . newline newline  because you re hopeless and you re going to have us all killed . sitting at the table in the cafe , i did my best to take slow , full breaths . do nt hyperventilate , i told myself . this is nt a huge deal . newline newline i mean , i was finally meeting , in person , the girl i d been chatting with online for six months , and this was my only chance to make a good first impression in person . this was the girl that i d been pinning all my hopes on , that i was pretty sure i was falling in love with . and now , i was going to see her in person for the very first time . newline newline but hey , no pressure . newline newline i looked down at the empty table . should i order a cup of coffee ? i felt jittery already , but i also wanted something in my hands , something that i could sip at to take my mind off of the rapidly approaching future . i could nt even decide this . newline newline the door to the cafe opened with a jingle , and i glanced up . was this her ? she d said that she was going to wear a red bobble hat , she d messaged me . newline newline but no , the man who stepped inside the cafe was nt wearing anything on his hair . he was , however , wearing what looked vaguely like a cross between a robe and a toga , all white cloth . i frowned a little . that was strange . newline newline but the strangeness did nt stop there . newline newline the stranger glanced around after stepping inside , spotted me , and gave me a head nod , as if he recognized me ! as i watched in shock and confusion , he cut his way through all the tables towards me , his eyes focused on me . newline newline  ugh , you look ridiculous ,  the man said to me as he plopped down in the chair opposite mine at the little table . newline newline i blinked , feeling totally confused . i did nt even know this man , although something about him looked slightly familiar . i had that sort of impression , like when i see someone who reminds me of a dream .  um , excuse me , but i m waiting for someone ,  i said , wishing that this guy would vanish . newline newline  yeah , yeah , juliette sixteen , or whatever ,  the man replied to me , waving one hand vaguely in my direction in a brushoff gesture .  as if that s going to work out .  newline newline who the hell was this ? and how did he know the screen name of my date ?  excuse me ,  i said again , this time trying to inject some more strength into my voice .  but really , i do nt know you , and i am meeting  newline newline  the whole thing s a crock of shit , you know that ?  the man interrupted me , turning to stare at me . as his eyes locked on mine , i felt my voice cut off . i d never seen such brilliant blue irises before .  i mean , i was doing just fine smiting evil , all of that , and then next thing i know , i m pulled and stuck in the guardian division ! and now i m burdened with you sad sack , as if i did nt have enough problems of my own .  newline newline what ?  hey , i m not a  newline newline  yes , you are ,  the man replied , waving a hand at me again .  i mean , come on , dude ! just look at you . hey , can we get some service over here ?  he called out to a nearby waitress , snapping his fingers in the air . what a jerk , i thought to myself . newline newline the waitress turned and made her way over , a frown on her face as she glared at the man who had summoned her in such a degrading manner .  what ?  she asked , shifting her glare back and forth . i felt a bit hurt . i had nt done anything wrong ! i did nt even know this guy ! newline newline  cup of coffee , seven creams , seven sugars ,  the guy told her . he immediately returned his attention back to me , acting as if the waitress had ceased to exist .  but seriously , just look at you ! you re what , twentynine now ?  newline newline  twentyeight !  i replied , not sure why i was answering him . newline newline  and you ve got a deadend job , no girl , and no friends ,  the man picked up as if i had nt spoken .  seriously , dude . you re about two more cats away from getting the lifetime loser award .  newline newline  who the hell are you to  newline newline the man flapped his hand again at me , rolling his eyes .  and not especially fast on the uptake , either ,  he said .  here , maybe this will finally make it clear .  newline newline the man bent over , rustling around in a pocket of his robe , as i felt my hands squeeze into fists . how dare this stranger come over and just start insulting me newline newline but then , the man pulled something out of his pocket , and i felt my mouth drop open as my thoughts cut off midtrain . newline newline he was holding a glowing ring , about the size of a dessert plate . newline newline and as i watched , he hung this glowing ring in thin air over his head , where it bobbed up and down , supported by nothing . newline newline i could nt speak , but still tried .  youre you re a you re an  i tried , stammering . newline newline  yeah , yeah , angel , holy power , all that shit ,  the man replied , rolling his eyes again .  where the hell is that coffee ?  newline newline as i blinked and felt my mouth opening and closing like a fish out of water , the man s coffee arrived , the waitress slamming it down on the table so hard it spilled a little .  there ,  she told him , before stalking off . newline newline finally , i managed to regain my voice .  you re an angel ! but i did nt think that they existed !  i got out . newline newline  well , they do ,  the man told me , taking a sip of his coffee and grimacing .  ugh , spit . like i would nt notice . and for whatever sins i committed , i m now stuck as yours .  newline newline  mine ? like a guardian angel ?  newline newline  yeah , just like that ,  he said , taking another sip .  and ordinarily i d just let you wallow in sadness , but you re about to make a major screwup , so i figured i was obligated to step in .  newline newline  screwup ?  i had no idea what the man was talking about .  wait , am i going to bomb this date ?  newline newline the angel s eyes widened slightly at me .  bomb it ?  he repeated incredulously .  hell no ! you re bombing it right now by showing up ! you ought to be running away as fast as those wimpy little legs of yours can carry you !  newline newline  this is a mistake ?  newline newline the angel glared at me .  and this is why i hate being a guardian ,  he announced to the world in general .  yes , it s a mistake ! she s crazy ! cuckoo ! a freaking loony !  he raised one finger up and swirled it around his head to illustrate what he meant . newline newline  what ? but she seems perfect !  i did nt know what to think . on one hand , this guy had a halo , that was true . but i d been chatting with juliette for months ! newline newline the angel held up fingers as he ticked off reasons .  she s got just as deadend of a job as you ,  he called off .  she s got three cats . seriously , three . she s gon na be as crazy as her mom is , and will drag you into the fights . and she s really just trying to get you to buy her stuff .  newline newline i shook my head .  i ca nt believe it !  i repeated , feeling flabbergasted . newline newline the angel sighed , but then stood up .  fine , fine ,  he said .  here , come on . we re going out to find you a real girl .  newline newline not sure what to think , i let the other man pull me up to his feet .  hey , pay for my coffee ,  he told me , heading for the door .  i ll meet you outside .  newline newline i did as he requested , handing a few dollars over to the stonefaced waitress and whispering  sorry  to her . i then hurried out of the cafe , trying to catch up to the man in the robe , now standing outside on the sidewalk and glaring around at the world as if it had personally pissed him off . newline newline  come on , now ,  he grunted at me , starting off down the sidewalk .  if i m stuck with you as my client , i ll at least try and solve some of these problems quickly . the sooner i get you back on track , the sooner i can get out of here and back to smiting , where i belong .  newline newline i did as he requested , tagging along a halfstep behind him , but i still felt as though i had to say something .  you re a real asshole , you know that ?  i told the angel , trying to keep up . newline newline he just shrugged and kept walking .  at least i get things done ,  he told me .  now , come on ! and really , we ought to get you a dog . girls like a guy with a dog .  newline newline as we walked away from the cafe , a short , pale , bespectacled girl with a furry red bobble cap made her way towards the door , trying to brush cat hair off of her handknit sweater and furtively glancing around , as if she thought someone was following her , sweat stains marking her armpits ... lay the money in the middle brad , this is gon na be rad !  newline newline  stop rhyming with my name tom , it annoys me  . brad laid the many coins in the middle . newline newline  i do nt think it s a good idea to do this with a 100 dollars in change , the book said it had to a single item . newline newline  brad , chillax lad . it is probably just a bad translation , we got the gist of it .  as tom went to start the fire brad spoke up again newline newline  please stop the rhyming , it s not fun now and it never has been .  newline newline  come on fat brad , you know it s only because i called you brad the mad that abella went home with you .  newline newline  was not !  newline newline  was so !  newline newline  was not !  newline newline  was s  a crackling sound made made tom stop midsentence and look at the pile of change that had started glowing . newline newline  what is happen  newline newline  shhh ! just watch .  newline newline puff and there he stood , the patron of wealth . the highest man tom and brad had ever seen with a long , ragged , grey coat and a beard to match it . as he took both his hands inside his insanely big pockets the two friends looked at each other in astonishment , none of them believing what they were witnessing . the man flung the contents of his pockets up in the air and while both tom and brad looked up expecting to see the dollar bills peacefully gliding down towards them newline  ow my eye , my fucking eye ! what is this shit  loose change rained down upon them . newline newline  it s like it s raining money !  brad exclaimed . newline newline  it is raining money  said the patron of wealth . newline newline  what the fuck is this dude . are you trying to drown us in loose change ? you re supposed to be some demon of wealth .  newline newline  i am coin , the demon patron of loose change . the patron of wealth is my dad . you used coins , lots of people make that mistake .  newline newline  cool so can you give us all the coins we want ?  newline newline  it s not cool brad , it sucks . what are we supposed to do with all this , prank people ?  newline newline at the word prank , coin looked at tom  i love pranks . which are we gon na do first ? let s buy pizza with small coins ! or , or better yet pay a parking ticket with small coins ! no no no no , i got it . we buy a hooker , huh  newline newline  tom that dude is a pure genius , coin you re a genius . that sounds like so much fun , let s do all at once !  newline newline  it sounds dumb and as a waste of time . i was supposed to be rich by now .  newline newline  come on tom , listen to bad brad , it ll be fun .  newline newline  do nt rhyme my name coin , seriously .  newline newline  brad , cat , flat , bad , shat , hat , fad , bat .  newline newline  you used bat twice you dumbass .  newline newline  as in bat and baseball bat .  newline newline  that is just stup  newline newline  shut up brad , just shut up . coin , i like you . let s go glue coins to the pavement and see people try pick them up . afterwards we ll tie a string around a coin and fish for hobos .  newline newline  you re amazing tom , i only ever thought of paying with them . i guess i got that from my dad .  newline newline in the end brad was sad . newline newline  i hate you guys . all three of you ! my pack had cornered the survivor in an alley , we had been chasing him for days . we were hungry . then i finally realized , through the fog of rage and hunger in my head newline newline  this one ... friend .  i grunted out . the others turned away from jon timbers , my old friend , my lover from before the outbreak . he was shaking but managed to unsling a shotgun , shouting  stay back !  newline newline the alpha female turned to me , baring the fangs we grow within minutes of a bite .  we eat . friend is kill .  newline newline the horde began to shuffle forward , and jon blew her head off . as her brains sprayed across the pack like confetti , they fell upon her , and i locked eyes with him .  jon , they eat , go .  newline newline darkness fell over his face as jon walked over to me , dropping the gun .  i m tired of running , jesse .  he pulled the sleeve of his shirt up to show one half of the tattoo we had gotten together , a flaming bird , before everything went sour .  it s time i join you .  newline newline and so the phoenix was reborn .he was writing letters on his bed , as he always did . papers and pencils were in short supply around here what with every other soldier trying to write to their gal back home . but somehow he always had them . the nurses probably took pity on the man  one lone german captive amongst an army of pissed off brits and americans . and it would only get worse  we were welloff for now , but the snow just kept coming and the food stocks kept dwindling . how long until someone began to question why we were eating halfrations while the german here ate up all of our food ? how many missed supply runs till he was thrown out into the cold , or worse ? newline newline i watched from my own bed across the room  there really was nt much else to look at around here . the hospital had once been a church , but the arched ceilings were undecorated , and the alcoves along the stone walls were emptied . a few stained glass windows remained , though half of them were broken in parts . and you can really only look at jesus in various poses for so many days until you start to crave something new . so , i watched the german . newline newline he d been captured by the 42nd and brought back to st. hubert with the rest of us . as i understand , the plan was to eventually send him to one of the pow camps in britain , but the prisoner transport never came . roads and bridges were a mess between here and the more civilized parts of france , winter was screwing shit up even more for the logistics divisions , and bringing this one guy across the channel was nt a high priority , i guess . so he was treated alongside us in this makeshift hospital . newline newline i dragged myself out of bed and hobbled over as quickly as i could without tearing my stitches . the sisters who were treating us had told me to stay off my feet  at least , i think so : my french is nt exactly stellar  , but i was never too good at following instructions .  hey ,  i called to the german .  who you writing all those letters to ?  newline newline he stopped writing and looked up at me . there was suspicion and anger in his eyes  justifiably so , given how some of the other guys around here had been treating him . those purple bruises visible under the thin pajamas had nt been there when he was first brought in .  no english ,  he answered . then he looked back down at his paper , though i could see him watching me from the corner of his eyes , muscles tense in case i decided i wanted to take out some of my rage against the nazis on him personally . newline newline  yeah , i get that .  i sat down on the end of his bed , causing him to flinch . he instinctively held the tip of the pencil straight at me , the only weapon he had at his disposal at the moment . i think he figured that if he jabbed a few of the guys enough times , they d decide it was nt worth it to mess with him anymore . that strategy had nt exactly worked out for him so far . i held my hands up to show him i meant no harm .  relax , pal . i do nt want to hurt you . just looking for a little friendly conversation , you know ?  newline newline he did nt know . because he had no fucking clue what i was saying . but strangely , this was the most satisfying conversation i d had in a while . i was sick to death of hearing the other guys bitch about the snow . and the germans . and their wounds . and the food . and any other fucking thing they could think about . i could see a few of them watching me now , glowering from their beds . wondering why the fuck i d be talking to a german . newline newline the german watched me for a second , looking slightly confused .  no english ,  he repeated a bit slower than the first time . then he looked at me , trying to see if i understood . newline newline  yeah , i get it .  he did nt need to understand me .  i do nt know who you re writing all those letters to , pal . i doubt you know anyone over here on our side of the fence , and the postman certainly does nt deliver to berlin unless it s out the bottom of a b17 , you know ?  newline newline he just stared at me . i smiled , trying to show that i meant him no harm . after a moment , he finally smiled back .  there you go !  i told him with an even bigger smile .  now you re getting it !  he continued smiling and nodded , confused about what the hell was happening but at least happy that i was nt there to sucker punch him .  what s your name anyhow ?  he could tell that it was a question , but not what i was asking . so i gestured at myself .  brandon ,  i said slowly , thumping my chest for emphasis .  i m brandon .  newline newline that got through to him .  jonas ,  he answered , pointing to himself . he pronounced it yonas .  newline newline  there you go !  from my breast pocket , i removed a packet of cigarettes . i m not an addict like some of the guys around here , so my rations were lasting longer than theirs .  you smoke , jonas ?  i held the little carton out to him and shook it . newline newline his smile grew a bit more .  smoke ,  he repeated with a nod . newline newline  yeah , smoke !  i thrust it closer to him , making it clear that he could take one . he reached in gingerly , still halfexpecting this to be some cruel practical joke . i guess he had nt gotten a very good impression of the allied side so far . but he put the cigarette between his lips and i held up the lighter for him , then we both just puffed in silence for a bit . newline newline  you re all right , jonas ,  i mused .  easy to talk to . i like that .  i stood up from the end of his bed .  i ll let you get back to your letter writing , i guess . but it was good to meet you .  i stuck out my hand to shake . disapproving stares came from most of the men in the room  the conscious ones , at least  , burning into my back . but jonas reached up and took my hand , and we shook . newline newline i limped back over to my bed and sat back down . jonas went back to writing to whoever he was writing to  maybe it was nt a letter at all . maybe it was just a journal . but after a minute or two , he looked back up and across the room toward my bed . i nodded in greeting , and he smiled back . now we knew each other . newlinedear mom newline i know what the news says about the war , the death rates , the politics . but this war is equal parts good as it is bad , the moment i entered saigon is the moment i realized how small my problems are in comparison . there is no drama or earthly troubles , just you , your rifle , and your wits . the moment before the chaos is exhilarating , knowing death is right around the corner gives a powerful rush like no other . and spreading the beliefs of your enemies in a great shower of red and pink gives me great satisfaction . that is why i am writing this i am not leaving nor will i ever write you again , good bye . newline colnell kurtz newline prequel to apocalypse now .i wrote this in about 10 minutes . it s nothing special . but i hope you enjoy .  constructive criticism welcome . : d  newline newline                                          newline newline she s so pretty . she seems so happy , and friendly . i m sure she d like to play with me . maybe i ll ask her if she wants to share some candy ? or let her meet my puppy ! i bet she d like him . newline newline  little girl !  i yelled across the playground . a couple kids turned around , but she walked over , somehow knowing i meant her . newline newline  hey little lady ,  i said , smiling a cheesy smile ,  have you ever seen a toy poodle ?  newline newline she shook her head , giggling . i do nt think she s very talkative , but that s okay . i can talk enough for both of us . newline newline  would you like to ? his name is scruffy .  she nodded her head , giggling once again . newline newline  are your parents here ? i wan na ask them if you can come to my house and see him .  newline newline she shook her head , and pointed somewhere off in the distance . newline newline  well that s okay , i m sure they wo nt mind . would you like to hold my hand , we ll be crossing the road . or i could carry you ?  newline newline her eyes lit up at the idea of being carried , and she raised both arms , happy as you could be , waiting to be lifted up . i did so happily , carrying her with her head resting on my shoulder . newline newline she shook a little , so i wrapped my coat around her , covering her up . she is tiny , after all . newline newline she liked my car , she said it smelled like pickles . newline newline she liked my house , she said it was fun to explore . newline newline she likes growing up with me , she calls me daddy . i do nt think she remembers her old life . newline newline i love her , and she loves me . she does nt care that she has no mom , or what i look like , she loves me . newline newline she loves me . newline newline newline newlinepeople think that today is awful , that the modern era is a grey and bleak mess with nothing to live for and little joy to be found . i know differently , for ten years now i ve worked the lottery beat defending our time against the greedy selfish will be masses of some of the worst of our future timelines . the texcati expansion , the oceanboilers , the neokwitzwalers . i know these names mean nothing to you , i hope they never will . newline newline most futures turn out pretty good , people are always surprised to hear that too , but your current age is always a golden era for someone else , the time they dream of and the era they ache to go back too and filled with their future knowledge make their fortune and settle down . newline newline before the lottos this was a mess . i bet you do nt know the story of the anti grav engine in 1920s new york , or the nano plasma guns in the spanish civil war . other departments , old case records , and messes of just the sort we now try to avoid . newline newline criminals are greedy . criminals are lazy . offer them the chance at the big score for almost no work and they ll come to you every time . here is the one lesson history should teach you , it s never easy and there s always a catch . try to score on my watch , that catch is going to be you and you re taking a quick trip to the zellawani , and trust me pal , that s even worse than the pit you crawled out of .power comes in many forms . quite literally in fact . this has been most evident since the first heroes appeared . enhanced strength , flight , psychic powers . control over fire , ice , electricity . even control over gravity of all things ! newline newline newline these beings that seemingly popped up and started imposing their justice on others should not be allowed to carry out their form of justice . those who act selfishly are necessary . without those who are similar to those beings out in the world , occupying these gods , the gods would quickly impose new rules upon us lesser beings . how can justice be carried out on a man who can walk through walls , or on a woman who can not be touched . how do you stop the anger of a man who can throw lightning , or suck the very air from one  s lungs ? newline newline newline power comes in these forms , and more . my power keeps the status quo . my power evens the odds against these things . i will throw them against each other until they are gone . until there is only one left . that last one will be dead from exhaustion , and if not i will push them over that edge with those without power . because i can . newline newline newline my power is my name and my title . warden keimaster shall keep the balance . hello . that s the correct way to start these things . i am not here to talk about me . i am here to talk about paul . as you can imagine , i watched paul grow with every bit as much love as his parents . for he was one of my favourites . he was an experiment by me to see how much humanity had grown . newline newline it was a failed experiment . newline newline paul had a kind , loving heart but that was ... pretty much it . i created a soul so pure , so full of love and life that i could nt fit much of the other ingredients in . many have said that paul was too nice for his own good , always doing what was asked to help a friend . this was true . newline newline trust , love , kindness . paul had these in abundance .  newline newline so ... this was a bit daunting . took me this long to figure out how to think again . right . god s here . literally god is standing there giving sad looks and talking about a guy who i did nt even really know that well . from talking to people afterwards , no one s quite sure how to describe what they saw . the descriptions ranged from a dumbledoregandalf type character to a beautiful woman and someone else said he was sporting 6 arms . newline newline  but instead of rewarding kindness , like i had hoped you would , paul was abused . mistreated and misused . forced to do disgusting jobs because he was nt willing to say no , for fear of upsetting you . clean the toilet for me paul ?   newline newline when he spoke in that voice my soul shivered . a few people seemed more affected , with one girl crying . i later found out that she had heard her voice asking the question . she was nt the last person to cry . i d never felt my soul before but ... there it was . shivering . no one was leaving or speaking but i do nt think there was a grand enough word to describe the emotion of the situation . newline newline  can you just give me some money paul ?  newline newline come with me .  newline newline take this , do you know how to use it ?  newline newline you have to help me paul , shoot him !  newline newline do you know what you ve done ? do you know why now , of all times , i had to speak out ? all of you who sat and watched while this elegant soul was tortured and forced to hate , you condemned me to never meet that soul again . i hope you all understand what that means . the elders were always venerated and spoken of with respect , at least in the annals of history . their genius was said to have been unmatched by any other sentient race  historians even claimed that any nonscientist elder youth held a deeper understanding of the universe than ten of our high sages combined . even today , every now and then elven adventurers unearth bizarre gadgets of indescribable sophistication in our elven foothills , far beyond the scope or comprehension of any elf . newline newline not much else was known about the elders other than their defining brilliance . in more peaceful days , teams of earthmages and historians would venture into the northern wastes to discover more about the elders , their civilization and history , and how they perished . some even made the ludicrous claim that the elders had no magical capabilities whatsoever  indeed , their genius was to the extent that they could shape and meld the physical and living worlds to their will through sheer inventiveness . this belief led to the myth of the machina , devices that the elders used to perform such feats as erecting monuments that touched the heavens or building gadgets that were impossibly indistinguishable from each other . most believed these machina to be giant avatars of humanoid form  others argued that this was implausible and unlikely . indeed , in those days , many elves , both laypeople and authorities , spent considerable effort musing and debating the existence and nature of the machina , and this led to many excursions to the wastes . newline newline unfortunately , that time is now gone . newline newline    newline newline a mournful howling wind brought me back from the wistful memories of peaceful days gone by . i shivered as the chilling gust of wind blew past me , propelling itself southward . snapping back to alertness , i chided myself for the brief loss of focus . you re in the wastes now , avestan . one more daydream like that and it could be all be over .  newline newline had it been three days now since i had last slept ? perhaps four ? days were hazy so deep in the wastes , where any glimpse of the sun was through endless layers of dust and smog . it was just as difficult to discern whether i was making any progress . the wastes had more than earned the namesake : other than the occasional mountainous landmark , it was an endless expanse of dead forest , all covered in grayish soot . newline newline still , i used what meager mana i had at my disposal to cast a small lifetrace spell , which helped more as a psychological assurance than a navigational tool . the spell s supposed effectiveness puzzled me to this day  after all , lifetrace was an exceptionally minor windbased spell used to track traces of lifeforms  hence the name  , and yet according to earthmages who had ventured into the wastes , the spell would uncannily lead to the remains of the elders  civilization . normally , the dead were not tracked at all by lifetrace , leading to further speculation regarding the mystery of the elders  demise .  it s almost as if the entirety of the elders were obliterated in a single instant !  the earthmages exclaimed . newline newline i again started making my way through the dead forest , the spell providing a sort of  intuition  for what direction to follow . using every possible means of concealment and stealth , i carefully stalked from trunk to thornbrush , praying that i would not be caught by the fiends . i counted my blessings for the umpteenth time that my only magical capacity was for minor spells like lifetrace  after all , the fiends homed in on higherorder magic with terrifying precision . even large amounts of mana appeared to draw the fiends in , so that many of our finest sages had been the first to be shredded by the fiends . indeed , my stealth training as a ranger and my utter lack of magical ability were the reasons i had been chosen for this mission in the first place . newline newline  venture out to the wastes . find any hope of survival you can from the elders , and bring it back to us . it s the only way .  the words of the high sages as they bequeathed this mission still rang in my ears and drove me onward . ever since the mysterious , lethal , metalloid fiends had descended in hordes from the wastes , with their incessant , unnatural clicking sounds filling the air , all we could think about was survival . at first , we attempted to fight back , of course . spell after deadly spell was hurled into their midst as they invaded our cities , to no avail . their metallic shells withstood the most fearsome of elven magic , while their invisible projectiles killed elven mages with pinpoint accuracy . even storms of fire and lightning left them unfazed , only managing to drive them back briefly before they resumed their swarmlike advance . the only thing that worked was to cast protective barriers around our cities to hide any trace of our presence , which caused the fiends to lose interest completely . at this point , all we could do was to barrel ourselves inside our walls and barriers . everyone knew that it could nt last long . newline newline    newline newline these thoughts still lingered in my mind when the lifetrace spell suddenly indicated a suitable destination . looking around , i glimpsed a nearinvisible nook in a small clearing , almost imperceptible to the eye . peering more closely , i could discern faint lines in the dust , forming a perfect rectangle in the ground . the precision of the handiwork left no doubt : this was , indeed , a mark left by the elders . but what was its purpose ? why was it carved here ? newline newline i silently brushed aside the soot covering the markings . it became apparent that the area outlined by the rectangle was not earth , but rather some artificially smooth surface . now on my knees , i cautiously lowered myself to examine the nook more carefully . there it was : a small impression near the center of the rectangle , again so fine as to be allbutinvisible to the naked eye . i could feel that the impression was pliable . throwing my doubts to the wind , i braced myself as i pushed the impression inward . newline newline the rectangle began to moved . without a sound , the entire rectangular area slid smoothly open , revealing a dark stairway underneath . for a few moments , i could only stare in shock . no runes were visible anywhere , i had made sure of that  and more importantly , no mana had been emitted by the structure at all ! and yet , the entrance now stood open before me , as if nothing had ever stood between me and the stairway . my mind almost felt deceived , that the rectangular structure was naught but an illusion . newline newline taking a moment to calm myself under the teachings of the sages , i ventured into the abyss . while elves have rather developed vision in the dark compared to other land creatures , i had to grope my way forward in the utter darkness . there were no features to describe  just a narrow staircase leading down hundreds  perhaps thousands  of steps , lined by impossibly smooth walls . come to think of it , the walls seemed to be of the same material as the moving entrance : a cold , unnatural substance . newline newline as i reached what appeared to be firm ground at last , i was abruptly blinded by light . in unison , countless lamps came to life along the walls and ceiling , impossibly high above me . again , not even a single wisp of magic emanated from any of these light sources . time to stop being surprised , avestan .  i told myself . you ve known since you came here that this would be powered by the elders  works .  newline newline gathering my senses again , i could make out a small , gatelike structure at the end of the corridor , and hurried to it . a similar impression and a similar , smooth sliding opened the way , and i found myself in an incredibly large opening , stretching as far in all directions as the eye could see . the entire area was lit up , though no sources of light could be seen . i caught myself again gasping at the marvels of the elders . newline newline lining the walls of the opening were endless rows upon rows of bodies , evidently in some form of stasis . they looked uncannily similar to elves , but something was off . at that moment , in that state of shock , i could barely register this fact , let alone try to discern what was different . newline newline turning my attention back to the opening itself , i glimpsed movement coming from the perceived center . heart pounding , i gasped for breath as i ran and staggered to the source . as i got closer , i saw that the movements were actually screens of blue light dancing in intricate patterns , floating above the ground in designated rows . the contents of these light screens were so definite and precise in their design that i could only think of them as symbols of some kind , though what they represented was anyone s guess , especially given how they weaved together in such complex patterns . newline newline in fact , i was so mesmerized by the screens and the floating symbols that i did nt recognize what was sitting behind the light until i almost crashed into him . an elder . good bye dear !  she called from the front door .  have a great first day ... mr . president .  newline newline he looked back at his wife , waved and smiled at her as he ducked his head into the limousine . laura , his monica lewinski , was already seated on the black leather seat across from him , grinning and holding a cup of coffee for him to take . he took it and tried to not make farting sounds as he settled back into the seat . newline newline  thank you miss lambert . you look very nice today .  newline newline she smiled at the compliment as she tried to smooth out the nonexistent wrinkles in her grey pleated skirt .  thank you mr . president .  newline newline  we have a few more people to pick up on the way to the office , sir .  said the secret service agent riding shotgun in the cab of the limo .  arrival at the oval in..  he looked at a fancy electronic watch he was wearing .  ... 17 minutes , sir .  newline newline  very well captain , thank you .  the president sipped his coffee and promptly burned his tongue .  damn .  he cursed . newline newline he was about to hand the coffee back to laura to have her place it in the cup holder by her knee to cool when he felt the limo start to decelerate . he looked up to see several men and one woman all in different military uniforms standing on the sidewalk , looking expectantly at the limo as it approached . newline newline laura noticed his curious look and answered an unspoken question .  mr. president , these are a few members of the joint chiefs of staff . they asked to brief you on the way to the office .  newline newline he looked at her thoroughly confused . he knew that in the briefcase at his feet , there was an agenda she printed for him only yesterday that had joint chiefs as the very first meeting to take place in the oval office today . he raised one eyebrow at her . this was a habit of his that she knew well . she looked about to explain further but was interrupted by the door opening and several officers filing orderly into the vehicle . each officer greeted him with a polite nod and a  mr. president  or  good morning sir  . newline newline the highest rank as far as he could tell was a balding black man with bright brown eyes and wrinkles around his lips that suggested that he liked to frown a lot . after the farting noises had subsided and the pleasantries exchanged the black man raised the barrier between the cab and passenger cabin and said  mr. president , there are some issues relating to national security that need to be addressed in a more private setting . so , i thought it best that we handle them on the way .  newline newline  more private than the oval office ?  newline newline the general , or admiral or whatever he was looked uncomfortable and immediately donned the frown that made his wrinkles make perfect sense . he nodded slowly and began fishing for something out of his own briefcase . newline newline  very well , the captain tells me that we had 17 minutes from my house to the white house so you better talk fast .  newline newline the general nodded , placed a manila folder stamped above top secret in bright red ink in his lap and then said .  well sir , it has to do with susan b . anthony .  newline newline  the woman who sewed the first flag ? what about her ?  he asked as he opened the folder in his lap . there were several pictures of an old flag in a plexiglas case so large , it almost looked like it was it s own room . newline newline  you will find through our briefings and the briefings of the other agencies ... fbi , cia , nsa ... that history , indeed public education is a convenient was of getting the public to the truths we need them to know , sir .  he looked at the president who only looked up from the folder in his lap and raised one eyebrow so the general continued .  susan b. anthony is the flag sir .  he let that comment soak in for a moment or two and when the eyebrow did nt lower he put in.  i know this may be a little hard to swallow , sir , but so will a lot of the things you will hear over the next few weeks . no one knows how it happened for certain . it happened so many administrations ago that no one can agree with the other administration s interpretations of the reports and susan seems to like to watch us squirm on this subject ... among others .  he added this last part under his breath before continuing .  the fact remains that the flag is alive and she will be present at the joint chief of staff meeting you are about to walk into . she did not like that your predecessor was still coming to grips with her nature as he was walking into his first meeting with her and wanted to make sure that this presidency was ready for her wisdom when she was ready to give it .  he looked nervously at the president whose eyebrow was no longer raised . newline newline he was not even looking at the general anymore but was going from face to face of each officer sharing the ride with him as if pleading for someone to end the bad joke . no one spoke however . they merely nodded their assent or smiled reassuringly as if trying to convey just how nuts they had thought it was when they had first heard this . newline newline  let me get this straight .  he took a deep breath .  ... we ... she ... the last president ... wisdom ... what kind of wisdom does a piece of cloth have to give me ! ?  he asked exasperatedly . newline newline  ah , well , we are not sure how this part works exactly either but she is not just a single piece of cloth sir , she is all the pieces of cloth that are the american flag , everywhere .  he said soberly while fixing the president with his bright brown eyes . newline newline  seriously ?  newline newline  seriously , sir .  he said gravely .  she is the greatest informant in our intelligence network .  he added . newline newline the president stared at him blankly .  but ...  newline newline  sir , she also likes to be addressed as susan , maam or madam anthony .  the female officer put this in as the limo pulled into the gated drive outside the white house . newline newline the president switched his blank stare to her . newline newline  obviously sir , you will want to stay away from phrases like old glory  , that flag  , the old stars and stripes  or anything other than the titles we have already told you about .  added a third officer . newline newline as they slowly crawled through the opening gates the president tried to digest this information and come to grips with the fact that he would soon be meeting with a flag that was all flags , was aware of itself , preferred to be known as susan and apparently was a bit temperamental . newline newline  what happens if i chose to call her whatever i want ?  the president asked the third officer who winced slightly at the question . newline newline it was the general that answered him .  sir , world war 1 was nt caused by the sinking of the lucitania . world war 2 was nt caused by pearl harbor . both were in fact cases of presidents , well one case of a president and one case of a congress , pissing off the flag so please , watch your tongue , sir .  newline newline he had , in fact , already injured his tongue today and did nt like this prebriefing briefing at all . the car was arriving in the secret underground parking garage now and laura was collecting up the contents of the above top secret folder and depositing them in his briefcase for him to peruse later . he watched her absently as he thought . the officers seemed to be watching him intently . he ignored them . newline newline  so , susan , if i am polite to her , will let me in on whatever is happening wherever an american flag is hung anywhere in the world ?  he asked incredulously . newline newline the general nodded but looked uncomfortable still . he did nt seem to want to meet the president s eyes . newline newline  general ?  the president queried . newline newline  if sir is polite and if he contributes to the cause of expansion .  he quickly finished . newline newline the president blinked at him as the secret service agents exited to open the cabin doors . newline newline running out of time to explain the general rushed on.  sir , manifest destiny was her idea . she grows more ...  he seemed to be searching for the right word .  ... alive the more people speak that damn pledge .  he finished . newline newline they were being ushered out as secret service went ahead to an elevator at the rear of the garage , speaking into their headsets of the arrival of an eagle . the president allowed himself to be led into the elevator , turned to the general and said  so , the pledge of allegiance is an oath to a sentient being that is the largest informant of america s intelligence network  in place since the inception of the country , she has advised every administration and caused every world war , all in absolute secrecy ?  newline newline the elevator dinged and the doors opened to a hallway with a plush running carpet and wood paneled walls . outside , more staff smiled at him and greeted him with  good morning mr. president  . newline newline before exiting the elevator the general turned to the president and said  just wait until she tells you who the founding fathers really were .  he gestured towards the nice hallway .  after you , mr . president .  newline newline newline newlineat the dawning of the silicon age , the gods looked down upon mankind , toiling over abacuses and printing presses , and took pity on the mortals . each gifted them an invention to make their lives easier . newline newline odin gathered his runic mastery and sent to humanity the computer , a device of silicon and metals that rendered the abacus obsolete . mankind rejoiced at this new thinking machine , and praised odin for his gift of the computer . newline newline skadi , goddess of winter , looked upon mankind keeping their food in impractical iceboxes and cellars , and she was moved by their suffering . she gifted unto mankind the refrigerator , and mankind rejoiced , for their food would last longer and the beer would remain as frosty cold as the gods intended . newline newline thor looked upon mankind and found them suffering . to enjoy music , they had to either wait for a concert , or use gramophones , devices that used horns of brass for amplification . thor gifted unto mankind the stereo , and entrusted it to humans with this commandment :  thou shalt play it heavy , and thou shalt play it loud .  and so it was . newline newline and mankind looked upon these gifts and praised the gods , for their lives were easier , their food lasted longer , and their days were filled with rock . however , loki , the trickster , was envious of the praise of mankind . he hated the praise that was heaped upon the other gods and hatched a plan . newline newline loki then spoke to humanity  as with my brothers and sisters , i have seen the suffering of mankind and wish to aid you . i have constructed a small , household device as my gift .  newline newline mankind took the device into their homes , and soon there was much wailing and gnashing of teeth . newline newline  gods ! what horrible fate have you wrought upon us with your latest gift ? it s loud , breaks down without rhyme or reason and beggars us to refill it when it s empty !  newline newline upon hearing this , odin s brow grew red with wrath . he summoned loki to his hall , and his shouting could be heard all throughout asgard . newline newline  loki ! what have you done this time ? the humans wail and tear at their clothes ! they lament their cruel fate ! all because of your and your infernal contraptions ! explain yourself ! what manner of devilry have you inflicted upon midgard this time ?  newline newline loki grinned at the allfather . newline newline  i gave them the printer .  jesse !  newline newline where the fuck did this kid go ? he was sitting in front of the xbox literally twofuckingseconds ago . great ... the little shit must ve disappeared midgame . this is seriously gon na fuck up my ratio . newline newline  assault riffle ! ! ! !  newline newline oh . there s jesse . newline newline  dude , your mom said you ca nt use her work computer . macs suck anyway . no file structure , yanno . heh , i honestly do nt even know how you figured out the pass ...  newline newline  i m gon na send the faggots to hell ...  newline newline  haha , jesus , man ! i can hear that from the kitchen . that s the last time i let you use the mic . that s chat talk , bro . you ca nt go around saying shit like that ... you know about uncle johnny , right ? look , i know those guys can be brutal when they re playing against a ... uhh wait ... jesse ?  newline newline ok. my sixth grade nephew is having a little crisis in front of the mirror . 11 yearolds are fucking weirdos , right ? he s probably sexually frustraded..er..pubescent ... er ... horny ... gay ... wait ... no ... he did nt ... i did nt ... did i put them on top of the xbox ? newline newline  yo , i m stop sign right now ...  newline newline i m so fucked . newline newline yeah , man . you re  stop sign  as fuck . you ate not only one lsd gummie , you fucking housed both of them . dan is going to be pissed . jen is going to kill me ! they re gon na have you committed . you re gon na lose your shit and run off to arizona to sell healing rocks like that lunatic chris . i m going to get arrested . jen s gon na lose custody to that piece of shit mike . think , gabe , think . what did you and the boys use to do on bad trips . fuck ! why did she leave me with this kid . i was nt even suppose to be here today ! why did i have to move back here . fuck jen ! fuck mike ! i m gon na be put behind bars ... .wait ... bars ... rhymes with ... .xanax ! yes ! of course ! we took xanax ! fuck , i got ta get jesse xanax . but where can i get it ? mom s old . she s probably got some for the hypertension . shit , but she s in delaware for the weekend , and i gave her spare to johnny so he can pick up chewie . fuck it . i m in this deep ... newline newline  jesse ! ! !  newline newline  i can see my farts , gabe . they hate me , gabe . does dad hate me , gabe ?  newline newline  no man , they love you . your farts love you . mike loves you . cmon let s get in the car . we re breaking into grandma s .  newline newline newline newlinethere was an intruder aboard the ship . this was not exciting news . newline newline in fact it was mindlessly tedious news . this was fortunate , because if it were exciting news then there d be a very real risk of the warp drive failing and the entire crew getting stranded in deep space , which would be extremely boring . the warp drive depends on the collective humdrum of the onboard activities to distort spacetime , and the crew were fully briefed into the specifics of how it operates so that there is an absolute minimum sense of wonder when soaring through space . newline newline first officer tennant selected a weapon from the rack , then chose which spacesuit to wear . the weapon was a remarkable piece of equipment , unlike any other conceived of in science fiction . the suit was a bright shade of yellow , it had a narrow black zip and extra padding round the collar . its material rustled when moved , and was packed in a double layer with a mesh underweave and an airtight kevlarlike material on the outside . the weapon does need to be described . newline newline officer tennant led her squad through the white corridors . the engineering department considered painting them gray at one point , but ultimately decided to paint them white . there was blood on the walls , but they were coated in a cleanable gloss manufactured from a complex polymer . it was quite expensive to produce , but clearly worth the price given the current stains . the lights flickered onandoff and snarling echoed from the chambers at the opposite ends of the hall . the lights will probably need to be replaced , so officer tennant made a mental note to bring this to the crew s attention in the next daily report . newline newline the corridor ended in the medical facility , which is actually a misnomer because a medical facility by definition needs to contain equipment necessary for surgical procedures . this was in fact a firstaid facility and there was an alien in it . the crew killed the alien with blank expressions , it was extremely annoying because one of them was killed by a spray of acidic stomach bile . they would have to provision his work across the remaining crewmembers and this will be the central issue in next months scheduling meeting . newline newlineit has been some time since i have written of the adventures surrounding my friend sherlock holmes . in fact , this is the very anniversary of the awful day . newline newline two months have passed since the most recent attempt on my life , but i dare not consider that the ordeal has ended . they will come again . this is merely an attempt to wear down my vigilance . newline newline i still do not know the location of professor moriarty . our small band of allies , as well as the swiss authorities , using the notes that holmes left behind  those of which mycroft could decipher , being riddles beyond the ken of gregson or myself  , have accumulated at great cost enough evidence to commence the disruption of moriarty s organization , though it remains to be seen if we will find prosecutorial authorities who are unsullied by his touch . and we could ensure the conviction of the man himself for holmes  murder , if we could only find and detain him . newline newline lestrade came the closest , following the trail to a comfortable villa on malta , but an airgun ended his pursuit through the window of his hotel , and the accursed villain who pulled the trigger is unknown to us . newline newline the circle of those who knew holmes well and have continued his fight is small and slowly draining . but help arrives from strange quarters . when we least expect it a crucial piece of evidence or material assistance will arrive , from a bicycle repairman in belgium , from a maharajah , discreet deliveries of supplies or encouragement from monarchs and heads of state of various nations . newline newline it is difficult to write of holmes again now , after the last year of action since the terrible reichenbach adventure . i scarcely had time to identify the body pulled from the bottom of the falls when moriarty s villains began their pursuit of me . it was by the narrowest margin that i made it out of switzerland alive , through assistance arriving at the exact time and manner i would need it , which at the time i thought was miraculous but later realized was due to arrangements made by holmes before his death , seeing the road ahead as always . since then i have shuttered my practice , traveled only with trusted associates , living on a not insubstantial sum left by holmes , which i was previously unaware of when we were sharing the bills for 221b , a place to which i one day hope to return safely , if only to finally pack away our old things . i dare not set foot on that street now . i dare not set foot outside alone at all . we know the faces of many of his local agents by now , but more arrive from time to time , and the blow could come from any quarter . none of us who seek to complete our friend s mission can move about alone , as we are all known and watched . i know poor mycroft laments that he can not again visit his club , that he can not again know the peace of solitude . and gregson , with his family sent off to hide in america , how alone he must feel . newline newline but we are on the verge . moriarty will fall , his organization will crumble , his towering criminal enterprise will be revealed at long last and at the greatest of costs . we only need allies . newline newline and so the root of my writing . this letter has come to you as it has come to many of your colleagues in prosecutorial law , those we believe have some inkling of the nature of our struggle and a chance of joining us . i have discussed no specifics of the nature of the evidences we possess , nor shall i unless our ability to trust you is well established , by methods mycroft will demonstrate . newline newline know this : your commitment to the pursuit of justice in this matter will render you utterly unsafe , and your family equally unsafe , and the normal pattern of your life will disappear completely until we have achieved total victory . your life will be forfeit , and you will never for a moment be out of danger . this is no small favor i ask of you . newline newline but you may by your heroism bring about the downfall of the single greatest threat to peace in our country , and all of europe . my previous publications will have revealed the scope of the threat , which many have dismissed as fictitious and absurd . i assure you it is real . newline newline if you are willing to take these risks in service of justice and the crown , leave a single blank page with your personal seal at the exact location you found this correspondence . newline newline yours in supplication , newline newline john h. watson , m.d .the sky mourned with me  dark , brooding , restrained . so much time had passed since i d set foot here , the centuries whirling away until i d nearly forgotten who i was . newline newline i had been someone once , i had felt the sun and the rain without being a part of them , i had walked and left the sounds of laughter and tears that were more than just the echoes that remained . but ... that was gone . newline newline the castle was forgetting too , fading until it was only a memory . we aged together , outside of the years , both betrayed as one with my blood forever mingled with its story and its earth , spilled by a betrayal cruel and hot , sharp and loud , and now dry and old like whitened bones that have lost both their repugnance and their meaning . newline newline lonely travelers would gaze at us , tourists gawk and flash , and still my sorrow and loneliness unbroken were unshaken by the time . newline newline they call me a ghost , a whisp , a memory . i do nt know what i am , only that i remain alone .... i say seems , but it was pretty obvious , he actually said  oi , hoomanprrrrr ... i need you to come with me and do something to fix this ... problem i have  newline newline my response was  huh  , yup , just  huh  . time was stood rock solid still , it had been for about 4 hours now , but my watch still says 11:07 , i was the only hooma ... sorry human not affected and there was a talking cat . i did nt have time to panic , or maybe i was the only one who did , but i just coud nt , make your own sense of it , i m no atomic rocket clock surgeon . newline newline you ever seen a look of disdain on a cat ? nah , neither had i until today . looking back my dear old mam had a cat , that cat would wait for me to put my keys on the mantle , jump up and start playing with them . she d knock them back and forth for a bit until i noticed , then looking directly at me she would paw them to the edge , i would frown , she would nudge them some more , i would say  do nt  , she would nudge them a little more , i would frown and say do nt , then she would . i hated that cat . newline newline  well ?  he almost hissed ,  yes or no..prrrr ?  newline newline  uhhuh  i nodded , still unsure what to make of it . newline newline  oh good , we ve made it to two syllables , fantastic ,  fucking sarcasm from a cat . of all the bollocks to pile on a guy in a situation like this , sarcasm .  we need to go to the university .  newline newline the university was about 8 miles away and would take about 2 hours to walk . i hate walking . newline newline i started to walk in the direction of the university of science and technology . the art of conversation eventually progressed and i managed to use some of my big words . as it turns out the cat had been named chronus by a nutty professor called patel phillipe . he had changed his name by deed poll from timothy smith  i shit you not , this is what the cat told me  to the name of the company who invented the very first wrist watch . he was a professor of some really long sciencey thing who had built something that caused vibrations in the third dimension , this one as far as i know , these vibrations had passed over to the last dimension , time , and was causing issues all over the universe with beings who had already discovered other dimensions between the physical and the chronological . but that was nt the main concern at the moment , since we where stuck in one moment , there was something else , something much more pressing . i admit at this point my head started to hurt and i tuned out , caught up in more pressing matters . my more pressing matters  of wondering how birds had nt fallen from the sky , if i could nick that icecream from that child without her noticing and if it was worth my while sneaking a peak in the ladies changing rooms at the local swimming pool coincided almost exactly with his unheard explanation of the problem and our arrival at the university . we had also arrived at exactly the same time we had set out , 11:07 , so none of it was a complete waste of time . awesome . newline newline i walked passed the security guard  his pose was the only one that seemed to fit the situation , cap over is his nose , leant back on his chairs feet on the desk in front of him . perfect . we went through some large brown double doors , passed several class rooms of students , a dining hall , down another long corridor down some steps through two more sets of doors , until we arrived at a dingy little room , in the room was a body scanner similar to one at an airport . it surrounded a brown door . newline newline  you need to remove all metal before you go in , empty your pockets on the shelf up there and walk through the door  instructed chronus . i did what i was told and went through the door . newline newline there was poor light and a rank smell of spilled red bull , old coffee and sweat in the room i now entered . it was a mess of overflowing bins , empty packets of doritos , cheetos and kettle chips . it had one resident . if you could collide a science geek and a comic nerd so completely that something new existed after the fact , it was this guy . doc . brown hair ? check  but sandy brown not white  . glasses ? check . tape holding them together ? check . white overcoat ? check . flash tshirt ? check . corduroy jeans ? check . batman vans ? check . perfect . his static pose , too , was perfect , he was in the process of tipping over in his chair , a large can of redbull had started to spill in the air , as had several doritos from a large bag . six monitors where on the desk , one had his emails on it , three had graphs , another seemed to be dedicated to a science setting calculator , and the biggest one was a bonny rotten movie that looked like it was just getting to the interesting bits . newline newline i heard a jingling sound from behind me ,  what do i do now ?  i asked . the jingling stopped . newline newline  i don  t know .  the jingling started again newline newline  what ?  i turned round and stepped out of the room , the cat was on the shelf . newline newline  i don  t know , i  m just a cat ,  he returned to playing with my keys , i frowned , he noticed . newline newline  well , you asked me to come with you ,  he looked at me and knocked my keys  stop that  i said  what do i do ?  . he did it again , i frowned  stop tha  my keys hit the floor .  for fucks sake chronus , what do i do , you brought me here to sort a problem did nt you ?  newline newline  yes , and you did . i am no longer bored . thank you.  he turned around , sauntered along the shelf and jumped down onto the chair and started clawing at it . newline newline newline  but what about the machine , the vibrations , the dimension things ? what about all the people who can  t move out there ?  i pointed to the ceiling , you know , like you do . newline newline  oh that , that  ll fix itself , in a few minutes . time is like an elastic band , it  ll come back to its resting point and carry on like nothing happened.  newline newline  so why did i have to be here for that ?  i was starting to argue with a cat . newline newline  did you actually think i would bring you here to fix time ? i brought you here because this is my current place of residents , and there were no items on the shelf for me to play with  he looked at me like i was an idiot . newline newline  i thought you needed someone with , i dunno , opposable thumbs or something that a cat does nt have  i was starting to get really pissed off at this cat . newline newline newline  well , i did nt have any keys  he looked a little too please with himself and went back to clawing at the chair seat . newline newline newline i felt a sudden wave of motion , like the feeling you get when you look down at the tided swelling around your feet sometimes , then there was a hiss from chronus who looked like he was about to shit right there an then , a thud as patel philippe hit the floor , a  fuckinell  as expletives hit the air , and bonny rotten just got interesting . i grabbed my stuff from the shelf , looked back at the cat , who had bolted out the door and decided i should do the same thing . newline newline about 15 minutes later i was being interrogated by a security guard who had removed all my items from my pockets and placed them on a desk on the other side of the room . he was threatening me with calling the police when i noticed chronus jump on the table and start playing with my keys . chronus looked at me , i frowned , he nudged , i mouthed the word  don  t  , he nudged , i sighed , shrugged and looked away . i didn  t hear my keys hit the floor . newline newline chronus followed me home that night when i finally got out of the police station . i don  t know how he got there in the first place , but i made sure he had his own keys the day after . every so often i ask him why i wasn  t affected by the pause in time , he just meows , rubs his chin , cheek , and side on me , then shows me his arsehole like cats do . thanks chronus . newlinethe cramped hold of the red wake occupied the lower half of the wing shaped patrol craft , various cargo containers and tanks filling up most of the space . perhaps large enough to park three landspeeders end to end and two wide inside , only the front third was clear of clutter , which was where two individuals sat , a pile of gear at their feet . newline newline wist naytu fought to keep her tan fur from rising in nervousness , brushing the hackles at the back of her neck unconsciously . newline newline  here ,  tomess ghast said , pulling something out of the grate weapons locker and tossing it to her . she caught it reflexively , a curious vest that felt heavier than it looked . unlike other pieces of armor it was shaped to fit the form standard of most humanoid females , with the upper chest molded along the lines of breasts . newline newline ghast continued , looking down at his boots as he laced them .  i took the liberty of going through some of your clothes and sending them to a tailor to get your measurements . that should fit you . it s an armorweave tunic lined with silk for comfort . it wo nt stop a direct blaster shot , but it ll take a glancing shot and most slug throwers . just do nt get shivved . a vibroblade will go through that quicker than a hot knife through butter .  newline newline wist s amber eyes widened in surprise and not a little outrage . newline newline  you went through my things ? !  she squeaked . newline newline ghast shrugged an affirmative , seemingly mindless to the bothan s sputtering . newline newline  the brothers who made it value their privacy . they did nt know you and we do nt have time to get them warmed up to you . you re likely gon na need it soon .  newline newline that last lien brought wist out of her outrage and a focused alertness snapped in to replace it . newline newline  oh ? what are we gon na do ?  newline newline ghast started to reorganize his weapons locker , slinging his armor and the tools of his trade onto the proper hooks and drawers . newline newline  we ,  wist , are gon na go to a dinner party . i have a feeling it will turn sour , which is why i got you the vest . last thing i need is you bleeding out on a dance floor , leaving me alone when i need you most . the vest needs to fit underneath whatever dress you re gon na wear , hence the form fittingness .  newline newline finished with his locker , he shut it with a clang , the biometric scanner flashing from green to red . he turned to his apprentice and motion with his head to follow him up the stairs to the second level , where the living quarters and cockpit were located on the bansheeclass patrol craft . newline newline newline the stairs opened up right behind the cockpit cabin on the port side across from the ship s refresher , the crew quarters proper aft of them . built like a broad ray or swept back bird , the red wake possessed an excellent use of space , with ample room for engines and cargo for its overall size . doors on either side of the main hallway lead to crew quarters , one designated for the captain and the other designed to hold two other beings , though only wist naytu currently inhabited them . further back were a pair of smaller rooms , one equipped to serve as a holding cell for prisoners whilst the other acted as a refrigeration unit . next was the well furnished kitchen and common area , the table and fixed bench capable of seating four . almost as a bonus feature the rear was capped by an expansive view courtesy of a gunner s seat set in a revolving ball turret . back towards the bow the cockpit possessed a greenhouse like view screen with excellent visibility in all directions . the pilot s seat was centered in the cabin , the copilotengineer s immediately behind and to the right , raised slightly to allow a still clear view forward . newline newline ghast smiled at the sight  the ord ivran drydocks manufactured craft being one of the few constants in his life . lost loves , comrades  deaths , incessant betrayals , the red wake was always the one thing that he could depend on . equipped with a class 2 and backup class 12 hyperdrive , ghast could cross the entire length of the galaxy in a little less than a month . to protect the ship its shields were strong enough to weather a fair sized barrage of laser fire before collapsing , with enough power to shunt shield power where needed on the bow or stern . and the bansheeclass ship had teeth . mounted underneath the cockpit was a lethal mixture of three linked medium lasers and twinlinked ion cannons . designed with frugality and lethality in mind , the lack of missile launchers kept cost to a minimum and the addition of ion cannons allowed the red wake to disable and capture enemy craft for boarding and salvage . the rear ball turret held a quad laser cannon to deal with enemy fighters from the stern and its even more vulnerable top and undersides . newline newline in many ways the banshee was a perfect mix between cargo , handling and combat capabilities . it could weather the worst a foe could throw at it , and then immediately repay the favor . the cargo hold was adaptable enough that just about anything could be done with and examples of modified banshees ranging from dedicated passenger carriers to haphazard bombers abounded . while perhaps not as agile as a tieln fighter , it could keep up with other , more older crafts , its superiority in arms and armor were a telling feature in many fights . small wonder it found favor with the guns for hire and bounty hunters who originated from ord ivran . newline newline tomess ghast ran an admiring hand along the blackthorn trim of the hatchway . the favored wood from his homeworld , it found its way into furniture and cabinets , and decorated many of the weapons traditionally wielded by ivrish warriors . he had a dagger with a hilt made of the stuff , a gift from when he first left ord ivran to be a khern . newline newline  how s your huttese , wist ?  he asked , half out of his cabin . newline newline the bothan frowned . newline newline  decent i guess ...  newline newline  good . we ll be on nar shaddaa in five days . sleep tight .  newline newline with that the door to his cabin shut with a hiss , leaving the young female alone in the common quarters with a expression of dull surprise on her face . newline newlinei love my american family , but i do not understand them . i do not understand how it is that they can worry so much about that which is trivial , yet are very oblivious to that which stalks them everyday . that is why i am here , though , to understand my american family . newline newline i sit between my new sister joanna and my new brother david as we watch the news . i study their faces carefully . newline newline an access control point in afghanistan is targeted ...  newline newline a new flesh eating bacteria is discovered in ...  newline newline ceo of othas group going to trial ...  newline newline they watch because their parents are watching , but they do not care . i wonder if my american family is stupid . i watch the parents , but they do not care either . new father loses interest until the news confirms that the goddamned democrats are indeed goddamned  nothing else matters . new mother watches for human interest and smiles when she sees that kittens continue to be saved from trees . newline newline we have a code 19 !  newline newline i do a double take . yes , the american anchor just spoke in my tongue  and he told me it was code 19 . my new american family  whom i love  stares at the screen in confusion . no time to explain . newline newline i leap behind the couch and retrieve the knife i had hidden underneath upon my arrival . i turn to the back corner of the room first  and i strike ! it takes guesswork to fight the invisible  but the feel of flesh being pierced confirms that i was right . i pull back the blade and strike upward , penetrating the lungs . i hear the thud and the wheeze and quickly retreat to the american family i love . newline newline they re laughing a little ... they do nt seem to realize that the knife was real , nor that i was not fighting thin air . new father laughs until he realizes that he must go to bed now to get his required sleep . new sister joanna laughs until all of the texts on her phone overwhelm her and she must go impress and insult the right people . newline newline i looked at the invisible corpse in the corner ... understanding that american family is not stupid . stupidity is not being able to see . american family is weary  because they look at too much . they choose to not see everything , because that is how people drowning in information must live . i only hope that one day i can show them that all is not well , because i love my american family and do not want them struck down by something they can not see .another winter festival accounted for . the queen looked marvelous and her speeches became more and more powerful each year . she fed on the millennials hopes and dreams . making her stronger for the new year . ever since brexit the queen has been losing her life force . the millennials are fed up with the baby boomers and have decided a revolt . the queen does nt know when or where but her days have now been numbered . people are realizing the monarchy is obsolete and people are renouncing their devotion from the queen . before you know it , all hope will be lost and the queen will die .every morning i wake up and go down the stairs and trip over my son  s wrestling toys . for some reason he plays with them right at the bottom of the stairs and keeps them there . we bought him the special ring and playsets and everything , but he continues to play at the bottom of the stairs . newline newline he has all the classic wrestlers , from hulk hogan to the undertaker to kane . he loves them . sometimes he even runs around the house in his underwear . one time i had to keep him from suplexing the cat . newline newline finally one day i asked him why he had to play at the bottom of the stairs , when he had whole rooms . he could play on the couch or outside or on his bed . he could make even bigger jumps from the top rope . not just the bottom stair . newline newline he said  it  s one small step for man , but one giant leap for mankind.  newlinei stared blankly at the frying pan and the uncooked egg sitting in it . the pan was a slightly faded out color ... much more faded than yesterday . it was a monday . it was early . i had work . and i was confused . and hungry . newline newline i looked around the kitchen . i first went to the fridge , but when i opened it , i was nt greeted with 3 shelves full of fresh groceries that i d gotten . instead , a simple menu appeared in front of me , displaying three options  all of which were followed by a number in parentheses newline newline cereal  lvl 1  newline toast  lvl 2  newline frozen waffles .  lvl 4  newline newline at that point , my intrigue to learn more about just what the hell happened between last night and this morning took over my desire to eat . i closed the fridge and looked around some more . newline newline around the kitchen , everything looked seemingly normal . nothing was that out of place , really . and other than the wierd fridge and egg encounter , nothing else seemed to be happening that was out of the ordinary . it was like i knew something was off , but i could nt put my finger on it . worse yet , i had this extremely eerie feeling that for whatever reason , i was being watched . i just tried to go on with my day as if everything was normal . but when i got upstairs , things got weirder . newline newline i opened my closet to get my outfit together , but when i did , i was greeted by an empty space where my clothes used to be . i stared at it with a profound confusion . where were all of my clothes ? was i robbed last night ? was this a dream ? what was going on ? just then , a menu popped up in front of me , startling me and causing me to jump back and slam the closet door shut . i looked down at my hands , shaking from the fear that was now starting to overcome me . it felt like i was still dreaming , so i ran to my bathroom to throw some water on my face , but what i saw scared me even more . newline newline i turned on the faucet and threw cold water in my face . i wiped the excess water from my eyes , and patted my skin with a towel . but when i looked up at the mirror , i was startled to see my reflection . a green diamond like shape was hovering above me . my expression was blank . i was officially weirded out . how long had that been there ? what did it even mean ? how was it even just hovering there ? i tried to reach up to touch the green diamond , but it was just out of reach . when i tried jumping , it did the same . it had a fixed position right above my head , and no matter what i did  shaking , running , bobbing my head  it stayed right in that fixed position . then that feeling that i d had earlier came back stronger than ever . i really felt like someone was watching me . and now it felt like while i was walking around my house , it struck me that i did nt feel like i was making decisions  how do i put this  ... .consciously ? consciously . amidst all the confusion i had been experiencing all morning , i heard a car horn . i chalked it up to a random occurrence at first . then i heard it again . i looked outside to see a car sitting right in front of my house . a message hovered over it . newline newline  your carpool is here ! do nt be late to work !  newline newline i ve never been apart of a car pool . but by the time i concluded this , i was dressed and heading out the door . it felt like i was slowly losing control of my body . newline newline . i  m sorry , but the thing you were looking for is sold out.  the government agent on the other end of the phone had said the sentence softly , yet firmly . she said nothing more , careful not to waste her resources to reason with a desperate , dying man . newline newline it couldn  t be . there was just no way . when the product first emerged on the market , it was a satire . i purchased a few cans , as did all my friends . we were amused . who knew , that it would actually catch on . it remained on sale , spreading , like wildfire . people purchased the cans as jokes , to show their friends , to silently protest . the government neither condemned nor encouraged them initially . it knew that attacking the product would give it power . newline newline as time went on , the pollution spread . smog that could previously be blocked out by mere masks could now permeate even the best clothing . a fifteen minute walk outside required a ten minute shower to scrub out the dirt and grime . then the next winter came , a colder one than most . the polar vortex , a term so foreign just half a decade before , was swinging around again . temperatures dropped continuously , and the heaters in the large city of 25 million burned furiously . after several days , the sun , which during the best of days shredded a yellow , sickly light , was completely covered up by smog . yet the sky did not clear . the smog would not lift . newline newline that  s when we realized it was no longer a joke . the product was no longer sold in isolated cans anymore . it was sold in huge 4l jugs , even though that was not nearly enough . the government declared martial law . the only vehicles allowed on the road now transported the product , ha ! they sold them at exorbitant prices , but it wasn  t entirely their fault . there was so little of it , and so many people . newline newline out of hopelessness i turned to my safe . my apartment , new only several years ago , had walls blackened from dirt . i coughed , creating an explosion of dust , setting off a chain reaction . i finally calmed down a half minute later , and unlocked the metal box . newline newline the lock finally ticked open between my fumbling fingers . i stared into the box like a starving man . the interior of the box was filled to the brim with metal containers . the same ones i had purchased a dozen years ago . newline newline canned air . newlineblood spattered , the letter shook in the the small womans hands as she read it carefully . settled against the front door frame , across from her , outside , stood a man in full uniform , even though the war had ended nearly a week before . a solemn look outlined his rain streaked face in the lightning of the raging storm . newline newline   newline newline dear marie , newline newline i ve been missing you every day . my mind often wonders to visions of you and i , that night we watched the sun rise . your soft , warm smile is all that has carried me on through the cold nights . newline newline even now as i keep watch , i think only of you and our future . i know that you are going to say we should name him after your grandfather , but heinlen ? newline newline but i could deal with the name , so long as i could hold you both in my arms again . i m sorry that i never got to tell you how much that i love you . i regret that only after being pulled away by war did i realize how much i needed you . newline newline i m so sorry that things had to go the way they did . i can not undo the wrongs that i have inflicted upon you , your son . his son . newline newline i shot your husband . to me at the time he was just another enemy . i know now how wrong that i was , but that is no excuse . he was a human , just like me , a father and a husband . newline newline i can never ask for your forgiveness . newline newline i can only offer you my condolence and whatever i can do to help you and your young child . newline newline  pfc . daniel harper newline newlineevery day , i wake up and it s the same routine drudgery . i take a shower , brush my teeth , get dressed , and start thinking about how long it has been since i ve had a job . of course , i ve been looking for work but it s hard . any time i , by some miracle of statistical improbability , am invited to an interview it s as if they just ca nt wait to be rid of me . it s so unfair ! it s like my presence alone is enough put people off . newline newline i just do nt get it . i m smart , i m well adjusted , and i m well liked . however since i graduated the only person who wants to spend any significant amount of time with me is my mother . do nt get me wrong , she s a lovely old girl but my god can she be infuriating . i remember one time when i was a kid she tried to give away all my video games to some of the neighbourhood kids who were hanging around at my house . the only reason she stopped trying to palm them off was because i screamed right in her face . of course shortly afterwards i found out what was really going on when one of the kids confronted me in a rage and told me that the only reason they were always coming around is because my mother promised to give them the games if they did . i remember that night she broke down in tears about how hard it is to raise me by herself . she actually had the audacity to act like she was hard done by after trying to give away all my games that she bought . newline newline yeah , the old girl is a real piece of work . like i would need any help with making friends . i mean look at me . i m always considerate of people s feelings and i rarely lose my temper . even though my mother tries to pull that kind of shit all the time , i only ever hit her sometimes . just because she had to raise me by herself does nt mean she can just do what ever she wants . i ve got rights too you know ? she s got to take care of me , i m her son ! she s not even helping me to look for a job . she s basically worthless . newline newline anyway , it s only a matter of time until one of my prospective employers realises what a great guy i am and somebody gives me a job . until then letting me live here rent free , cooking and cleaning for me is the least she can do .the wind whipped through my feathery hair as i stumbled , grabbing desperately at my mother s hand . she pulled me up from the ground with only a cursory glance to see if i was still there , and continued running . my legs burned already , the dry , dusty air coated my throat , so unlike the heavy humidity back home . tears threatened to spill  for the tenth time that day , maybe  as we hurried across the dry brush towards the shuttle . newline newline i stumbled again . this time my mother slowed , if only slightly .  come on , kiddo ! we have to go !  her voice sounded metallic and fearsome through her helmet . the ferocious wind distorted her words , but i squinted and nodded . i did understand the necessity  i was a respectable twelve years old , and advanced enough in my studies to understand the war we were fighting . i wobbled to my feet and clutched tighter at my mother s heavy , gloved hand . she tugged at me again and we started running faster  the shuttle was so close ! the wind carried to me the thunderous whine of the engines powering up , and vapor from the massive coolant tanks engulfed us as we converged upon the massive ship . newline newline my lungs , my legs , my whole body was burning from exertion . tears did now streak my face , but only a result of the wind . i wold not let myself show such weakness , especially to my mother . she slowed and stopped as we approached the door of the shuttle , and i noticed stains from blood of innumerable colors that coated the airlock , and the panels surrounding it . newline newline my mother  the towering , imposing , terrifying figure that she was  knelt down in front of me and grasped my shoulders . i sniffled slightly , but blinked my blurry eyes and stared straight into her mirrored faceplate . i could see my reflection in the highly polished surface : i looked tiny . i looked smaller than a bug compared to shuttle , compared to my mother , who reached up to the side of her helmet and popped open the visor . newline newline i blinked again and tried to stand straighter , if possible . my mother s face was tight with urgency and anticipation , but her eyes caught and held mine  silver , burning like they contained entire universes just behind them . her gloved , armored hand was heavy on my shoulder . i could feel the coldness of the pleximetal beneath my woven shirt . my mother s gaze bored through me and she spoke in the sibilant language of my childhood , i gathered , so that the people scurrying up and down and around the shuttle would not understand us . newline newline  son ,  she said to me in her deep , rich voice .  you know why i have to leave , do nt you ?  i nodded , and bit my tongue to stop the new cascade of tears this question threatened . of course i knew why she had to leave  i d gotten accustomed to it , in my short life , the hardships of having a space forces lieutenant for a mom . that did nt make every goodbye less painful , only more familiar . newline newline her mouth tightened .  the thesskaijr armies are growing more bold . i ca nt tell you how sorry i am , varichna , that i have to leave again  i sniffled once more at her childhood name for me , a term of endearment that meant little sun  . she grasped my shoulder more tightly .  someday i hope that it wo nt be you who has to fight these monsters . but for now that duty falls to me .  newline i heard myself whisper ,  i understand ...  newline  and you understand my regret ?  newline  i  yeah . yeah , ma .  newline her eyes crinkled .  i know they call us monsters , varichna . but remember that only a real monster would force me to leave you , okay ?  she squeezed my shoulder , and i could see she was a uncomfortable with such an overt display of affection  no , i corrected myself . vulnerability . my mother hated to be vulnerable . newline  stay strong , be brave . i ll be back , kiddo .  the earth endearment held none of the sibilant fluency of our native tongue . i watched my mother straighten and lower her faceplate , watched her transform from my sometimesawkward and mostlystoic ma to a lieutenant who would kill a hundred enemy soldiers without a second thought or regret if she was ordered to . she turned and crouched to enter the ship , her bulky , familiar frame disappearing inside the shuttle . newline newline i felt a sob threaten to close up my throat . without thinking , without seeing , i turned and ran away from the shuttle . home was nt far . but i knew it would nt feel like home without ma , at least until she came back . she would come back , i told myself . she would come back . this is about creative types , specifically .  newline newline according to recent archeological studies , this primitive species might have gone extinct by losing almost all interest in partaking of the concepts that got them as far as they were , as a species . almost overnight , their interaction became limited to inane pleas for praise . since everyone wanted nothing more than adoration , none of them got any . all interactions consisted of meaningless recitation of praise for arbitrarily chosen artists of the past . ruthless gangs sprung up , and fought for the power to say who s work was good , and whose was bad . those who could nt take the childish bickering , and death it created , fled . not all of them escaped . many were gunned down , and their flesh was torn from their bodies , tanned , and used as a longer lasting material to write on . some escaped , though , and hid . they continued to create , and most were able to live off the land , for some time . newline since the gangruled pockets of remaining civilization were doomed to mental and physical atrophy , language and culture declined very quickly . they died in squalor and filth . some tried to escape , when they realized their fate , but the gangs killed them , if they tried to run away . those who fled to continue creating died alone , often in immense pain . newline newline this is how the human race went extinct .in a postapocalyptic earth , whose climate has been wrecked by centuries of environmental degradation resulting in a new ice age , children are the most valuable resource . to protect humanity s future from those who would exploit or destroy it , the world s most brilliant remaining scientists genetically engineer a guardian for each child out of the only remaining land life forms capable of surviving earth s nearconstant subzero temperatures : polar bears . newline newline newline specifically designed to have increased intelligence , the ursine defenders are also given the ability to psychically transmit feelings of euphoria and relaxation to those who would threaten  their  child , thus rendering them harmless . despite these abilities , the perilous world of earth s future remains a constant threat to the surviving humans , and it is only by learning to work together can they survive  with the help , that is , of their genetically modified care bears . newlinemy first jab was quick and well placed but so was his , our fists met and we both recoiled .  i too always aim for the throat .  his voice was annoying , i hated the way i sounded . newline newline he pushed in with a kick and crashed over the key dish next to the door . my cats ran from the noise and i took several steps back to reclaim myself .  what are you doing here ?  he gave me a wide breadth of space to make sure i knew he meant no harm . newline newline  in two days she gets in a car accident  i realize only now he is nt identical but older than me , not by much maybe a few years . he closes the door behind himself and we sit down .  listen , i know this is hard but we need to work together to make sure she does nt ,  he choked up . i can tell he has genuine emotions , not some government puppet like the last clone .  die ...  he finished with a few tears forming around the edges of his water line . newline newline  it took me 3 years but i broke into a high end military facility that was working on time travel . i m here with the soul motivation of coming back to make sure i do nt need to come back .  newline newline in this time he closed the gap of space between us and put a hand on my shoulder . i knew i had to help him . newline newline  shes my wife , our wife , please . i ca nt live witho ...  that s as much as he could choke out before i put the knife in his throat . my warm blood pooled onto the carpet in waves around my hand . he really was real . newline newline my body went limp around me and my full weight dropped forward towards me , my hands slipped from the blood and my body hit the ground with a carpet muffled thud . newline newline several soft thunks against the door made me panic a little inside . newline  honey open the door my hands are full .  newline newline newline hopefully i could save usin the heart of the central library , many intelligent humans gather to socialize or purchase written knowledge . courting season never ends for the humans , and females always look their best when they enter a social environment , while males rarely put effort into their appearance unless they are aided by their mothers or have experience in the art of courting . newline newline and here , we see , a young male human , of the homo sapiens sapiens species , about to attempt a courting ritual , with a slightly older , very attractive female . this is a daring love from the male . newline newline he makes his approach , shaking slightly , sweat visible above his brow , he needs to be careful to make a good first impression here , so not to scare the female off . newline newline what s this ? ! ? ! the female has noticed him but has not , i repeat , not encouraged his advance . this could prove an unsuccessful courting season for the young male . newline newline it should be noted , viewers , that the female has seen more courting seasons than the male , and has virile males at her disposal who d fight another male for the opportunity to court her again . the female dabs at the markings she applied to her face this morning , with what appears to be pigmented lanolin with added mineral oils . what s is that ? maybe it s maybelline ? newline newline the young male appears to be encouraged by this behaviour and approaches once more . he smiles and compliments her on the effort she has put into her courting markings , comparing her skill to that of an artist , by pointing out how both use brushes , it is simply the canvas that is different . what s this ? the female seems to be reacting positively to this attempt and invites the male to sit with her ! the male seems shocked at his luck , our young fellow has been successful ! may this courtship last until the next mating season .cucumbers ... cucumbers ... where are those damned things ?  newline newline dave was yet again lost in the seemingly endless maze of aisles that made up his local chain grocery store . despite doing all of his shopping here for the last three years , he had never been able to remember where anything was found . not that he minded  getting lost was the perfect excuse to approach the love of his life , helen . helen was of diminutive stature , nearly always smelled of mint , and possessed what could be described only as an utterly confusing laugh . her normal , conversational voice was relatively high , yet whenever amused she would emit the deepest baritone waves of laughter dave had ever heard . dave loved it , loved everything about this quirky , brighteyed girl perpetually seated behind the cash register . newline newline building up his courage for the inevitable conversation with helen , dave downed an alprazolam and ran over potential topics of discussion in his mind . last week i tried fish , and that did nt work so well . cucumbers though ... i do nt see any cucumbers near her station . maybe i ll bring up the weather as well , seeing as the rains have finally subsided .  newline newline helen glanced up from her sudoku puzzle , which was nearing completion . scanning her eyes over her surroundings , she noticed someone had yet again spread mayonnaise all over the people magazine display located by register 12 . of all things those bastards could have chosen to smear , why does it always have to be mayonnaise ?  she prepared to call for someone to handle the situation over the intercom , when out of the corner of her she noticed dave . dave always gave off an awkward impression . it did nt matter how many times she had met him , she just could not get over his constant state of nudity , nor the ever present erection stiffly penetrating his belly button . furthermore , he was always sweating , even with the ac running at full blast . despite what to most people would be glaring flaws , helen could nt help but feel somewhat charmed by dave . oh dave , she thought , that poor fellow just ca nt seem to remember anything . newline newline dave approached the the desk and gave a beaming , toothy grin .  helen ! is it you that the greeks fought so gallantly for against the vile trojans ?  helen stifled a deep , throaty giggle and replied with a warm  hey ! how can i help you today , dave ?  . david waited another moment , seemingly at loss for words . he redirected his eyes towards the mayonnaisedefiled display , before abruptly turning on his heels and racing out the door . helen sighed , and called the nearby mental hospital that was now saved on speeddial in her phone . once connected with the operator , helen explained  dave was here again ... you ll want to bring some clothes probably , he was in one of those ... moods .  newline newline after receiving confirmation that help was on the way , helen made as if to reach down below the cash register . once obscured from the prying eyes of the public , she began sobbing . it took every portion of her being to hold back the sonorous wailing that could at any moment overtake her . after a few minutes she regained control , and raced to the bathroom to clean her face of her nowrunning mascara . only a few feet away from the bathroom door she slipped in the mayonnaise . with a resounding thwack her skull met the concrete floor , and a dark void consumed her .vision . newline newline it was nt much an ability , but it helped in an odd moment . newline newline it was nt just vision , not just the ability to see . it was more than that . vision  he took his name by the simple ability that he had acquired  explained countless times that he could see sounds , and that he could see a person s actions just seconds before they happened . newline newline in fact , it was quite a useful little skill . in a simple fist fight vision would often win without throwing more than a single punch . being a sidekick had it s benefits , as he hardly fought anyone more skilled or powerful than his own skill level . mostly he just ran distraction for his big . newline newline puncher , he called himself . that was vision s big . big is what the sidekicks called their  superhero  partner . vision had a few friends in the sidekick business , most of them did nt have any particular ability . he considered himself lucky for being more than them . usually . newline newline vision was helpful to puncher , as long as he was close enough to the fight to see his opponent . that was nt the case this evening . vision had made a grave mistake in this evening s snafu . he bobbed when he should have weaved , and ended up with a broken rib or two , unable to speak . and that was the key to vision s partnership . he would call out movements and battle suggestions to his big . lungs out of air , all he could do was see . newline newline what it was vision saw that night could have been prevented . and all he could do was see it again and again . not in the way he saw it when puncher leaned directly into a punch that wasnt , then was . vision saw puncher dodge into a punch , then saw him vanish . not his body , but something else . the phantom bodies he saw when things had nt happened yet . newline newline puncher was dead , and vision saw it happen .luck was always tricky to pin down . sometimes she graced you with her presence , sometimes she did nt . gave a certain spice to life , whether she turned up or not , you know ? you could be fifty thousand in the hole , tie loosened , sweat dripping down your starched collar as you fumbled with the cards in your hand thinking about how you were going to explain to marie that you gambled away not only this month s rent , but also the entirety of her savings , and then she d swoop up in a red dress , cigarette smoke falling from her lips and kiss you . full house and my hands could nt hold the chips . you get addicted to that kind of thrill . newline newline newline marie was long gone at this point . the ceiling was stained brown from the hundreds and thousands of people before me who had ignore the polite notice to please not smoke in this room . the bedsheets were crusty and i stank of old liquor and worse cigarettes . newline newline newline  you re a fucking bitch , you know ?  i called out to the bathroom . she poked her head round the door , dark hair falling around her face like a dark stream of lorefuckingal . she was damn worth it . newline newline newline  i know .  she said , smirking . newline newline so when i was standing on the the edge of the balcony wall on the fourteenth floor of caesar s palace , dress shoes slipping all over the place on the polished marble and drunkenly deciding whether i wanted to throw myself off it before i got my bill or after it and she turned up , i guess i thought i must have done something right . newline newline  you can have me .  she d said silkily , dark hair blowing in the whipping wind .  you can control me , if you want .  newline newline newline i did want . newline newline newline  you re a fucking bitch .  i said now . my last five dollars was tucked inside my wallet , next to a business card for a cheap lawyer . newline newline newline  you say such mean things , honey .  she pouted , swaying out of the bathroom naked . perfect . as fucking always . newline newline newline  i ve got nothing left .  i said desperately . newline newline newline  just one more time . come on .  she wheedled . she flicked her hair over her shoulder and straddled me , running her redlaquered nails down my chest .  i ll be good this time .  newline newline newline  you say that every time .  newline newline newline  i mean it this time .  newline newline newline i sighed , but she grinned like a wolf . luck knew when she had won . newline newline newline even i could taste the whiskey on my breath as i wondered if the ceiling fan would take my weight . newline newline newline luck had played me for a fool .vincent van gogh was having a typical day . newline newline after breaking into the seventh house to change the studio number written down he could finally go to the pub and have a drink . he liked this pub . it was nice and quiet and nasty enough that most people waited outside before coming in . he might use it for a few more days before he changes again . newline newline really , all the men telling him of how famous he was going to be were quite annoying . at first it was simple . ask to be written down as another name , change the pub every couple of months , lock himself away for a few months . then they started catching on . he had tried cutting off his ear , but then more started coming . it was all rather confusing really . looking down at his mug , he realized that he had finished his drink while mulling over his thoughts . casually going behind the bar , no one batted an eye as vincent nicked a hat and coat off a hanger and exited through the back window . newline newline it was a beautiful night outside . the stars just seemed to shine particularly bright and the night was just the right shade of sapphire . he might paint it later , after he was done with his poppies . brushing off another person on the street , vincent turned suddenly and strolled off in the other direction . there was a crowd of people heading down the street , and that could only mean one thing . making sure not to hurry too much , vincent turned the corner before entering the actual studio he had purchased for that night . sighing , vincent brought out his brushes and began painting once more . maybe it was paris . he had heard that aires was a good town to live in .every relationship is trying at times . it s inevitable , but love pulls us through it . right ? remember the first time you said you love me ? newline we were so little but back then we knew we d be together no matter what . we may have laughed at having a pretend wedding . but , we laughed because it was true . that at that point we were together for ever . for rich or poor , sickness and health , i would love you . you were always so sweet to me . i loved you before then . i always have since the first time we met . newline newline it was a rough time for me personally . i d finally had enough of my parents being mean to me and was trying to run away . i remember how cold , wet , miserable , and lonely i was . i was crying in a cardboard box until you spoke to me .  are you ok ?  it came out so calm and concerned . i looked up to see you , my darling angel dressed in that grey raincoat of yours . it was the first amount of kindness i ve ever felt . when you had to leave , i no longer felt cold , nor wet , nor sad . i felt warm . i felt love . i decided not to run away . i wanted to stay and feel that again . i was happy , no matter what i had you . and i always loved you . newline newline i loved you during the good and bad . i loved you when you would pick other girls . for i knew they d never last . i knew when you hit me it was nt anyone s fault . you were just angry , and i understood that . i supported you during school . and then i figured you would as me then . but you did nt , you choose her . you went against our vows we made so long ago . you married that wretched whore . she was nt prettier , or smarter than me . yet , you married the bitch ! but you forgot about us . but i forgave you and waited . i waited until i knew you d need me again . newline newline you were the only one to survive that fire . you were alone , cold , and lying in the rain . just like i was so long ago . and it was my turn to stay with you until you had to leave again . the doctors did what they could , but you were burned very badly . you would have trouble eating and you probably could nt talk again . your poor face had been damaged and i knew you were scared how no one could ever love you now . but i do . now more than ever . i m sorry about what i did to you . i was tired of you walking out on me so i cut off your legs . umm then i knew you d be angry , and that you d take that anger out on me . so , the arms had to go too . newline newline ahh , poor thing . do nt cry . i know you ve been through a lot recently . but we re going to get through this together . it s just another rough patch . from now on , i ll be your arms and legs . i ll bathe you , and cook nice meals for you . and i ll finally be able give you something i ve been wanting to give you for a long time . and do nt worry , i might not have the experience but i ll do my best . i m so happy ! i ca nt wait to spend the rest our lives together . until death do us part my angel .it was about 6 pm on a friday night and i was just sitting down in my apartment to eat my dinner enjoy some netflix when the doorbell rang . newline newline  son of a biscuit ! who could it be at this hour ?  newline newline i opened the door to find lou standing outside my door just covered in snow . newline newline  uh , hi , lou . what brings you around at this hour ? want to come in ?  newline newline he nodded yes and stepped inside saying ,  john , do you remember when we got really drunk and made that dumb wager ?  newline newline  which dumb wager , as i recall that was hardly a one time occurrence .  newline newline  you know the wager !  newline newline  you mean the one where if hell froze over you d give me any wish i ever wanted no strings attached ? that wager ?  newline newline  yeah , that one . you want the good news or the bad news first ?  newline newline  does it have anything to do with the fact why you re covered in snow in the middle of a heat wave in july ?  newline newline  ok , good news first . you won .  newline newline  and the bad news ?  newline newline  it may just be better to show you .  lou said as he handed me a newspaper . newline newline  trump won ? how in the hell did that happen ?  newline newline  that s exactly how it happened . you know how it is , a few imps start trying to one up each other , the dares get more and more outrageous than before you know it , you get this .  lou took a deep breath and continued ...  so let s get this over with , since i regret this already and we have nt even gotten to your wish yet .  newline newline  uh ... make trump not president ?  newline newline  i wish ! no , that s right out . sorry .  newline newline  that hardly seems fair , the bet was anything i wanted .  newline newline  it was but if i grant you your wish then hell never freezes over and thus you do nt get your wish and you ca nt wish for trump to be president . time and space become meaningless concepts and the man upstairs has to come down in person to fix everything and more importantly i have to sit through a long and boring lecture about not messing with time paradoxes and still end up owing you a wish , so let s not and just say we did , ok ! ? other than trump not being president what is your wish ?  newline newline i told him . newline newline  that s it ? no harem of beautiful women , no infinite wealth , none of that ?  newline newline  those seem good in theory but as i m sure you re intimately familiar , the devil is in the details . so no , that s my wish .  newline newline  that he is alright then , let s get this over with .  he clapped his hands together with a shiteating grin on his face ,  this is gon na be great !  newline newline  newline newline meanwhile in a certain new york city high rise office ...  newline newline newline  today s newspaper , sir .  newline newline  thank you , kellyann .  he said as she walked away . newline newline it was at this point he picked up the newspaper and he saw it . newline newline  aw , shit !  newline newline  newline newline a few days later lou and i were hanging out having the time of our lives watching the news when a bright flash of light came out of nowhere . newline newline   what have you done ? you have violated the terms of your agreement with the almighty !   newline newline  gabriel , old buddy . i have done no such thing as you ll recall i m not allowed to interfere with any mortal s free will and i assure his free will is very much intact !  lou retorted . newline newline  wait a minute , gabriel ? as in the gabriel , the archangel gabriel ?  i stuttered in shock . newline newline   the one and the same . you expect me to believe that you , lou cypher , had nothing to do with trump being elected president and promptly fleeing to south america not even two days later ?   newline newline  well , i may have had something to do with that but not by messing with his free will . he decided to do that all on his own . would you like to see how ?  newline newline   please !   newline newline lou handed him a copy of the newspaper that we sent trump . newline newline gabriel picked up the newspaper , it was dated 6517 and the headline was  former millionaire impeached and imprisoned on tax fraud charges . newline newline gabriel took a look at it and then burst out laughing and left in a flash of light . newline newline  oh man , that was great ! we should totally do this again . also you still have a wish coming , bud .  newline newline  what are you talking about ? i used it when we trolled trump .  newline newline  this one is for services rendered .  newline newline  well , in that case i ve got this really hot date coming up ...  newline newline  say no more . i ve got it covered . by the way , i ve got this list here of people i ve been meaning to come after and if you re interested you could teach me about this concept of trolling and help me get some of these guys .  newline newline  guys , what kind of guys ?  newline newline  all sorts , for example , how much do you know about scientology ? he moves silently among the shadows , knowing that his own can see among its kind as well as if it were midday . but there are other dangers here . his feet soundlessly negotiate the obstacles in his way , making noise that only the tiniest of creatures can sense . once , he hears a rustling , and he freezes , blending seamlessly into the cover of black . no one who had nt seen him slip through the few slender beams of moonlight would know he was there . newline newline but there is one who did see , and watches him . large , round eyes narrow in the dark as they watch him fade in and out of the pools of darkness . they watch him approach his shadow , graceful in his movement , yet furtive in his manner . his desperation flashes momentarily , and the eyes relax slightly . he wants only the shadow , then he will be gone , never to return to this place . but the eyes remain watchful , impatient for his departure . newline newline he emits a low growl now , his quick hop and reach nearly too fast for the eyes to catch . he has it ! the hidden eyes widen with an involuntary thrill as a short , silent struggle ensues . there is a shuffle , a grunt , something soft being struck , and he is victorious . he holds the shadow in his triumphant fist , his muscles flexing with the effort of retaining possession . newline newline now , surely , he will leave , returning the inhabitants of the dark to their comfortable , quiet world . but he does not . he sits there , right where he was standing , and begins to whisper . these are words of power , and the shaded eyes watch intently as he performs a spell to return the shadow to his being . he is nearly successful , a look of satisfaction flashing across his face before the shadow suddenly pulls free and disappears into the murk again . newline newline the hooded eyes watch as he stares after it in shock , disbelief , and maybe a little bit of fear . he does not go after it , as the shadowed figure expects . instead , astonishingly , his body begins to quake in fury , and a single tear slowly crawls out of the corner of his eye . newline newline the owner of the eyes can allow this no longer . there are those who must be protected from any interlopers . he must leave , or suffer any consequences that come his way . creeping silently on all fours , the dark figure approaches him from above . he hears nothing , his rage and frustration drowning out any noise that may warn him of danger . newline newline the figure stops , drawing breath to shriek and alert their surroundings to peril , but stops , curiosity winning . instead , words come to him from the shadows , causing him to start . newline newline  boy , why are you crying ? for slippery pete , wherever you are . newline newline newline newline see back in uppstate , new york in the mid 90s you could nt find a single oak tree under which there were nt two bums corn holing the everloving shit out of each other . so i had to get the fuck out of the city . newline newline newline newline on the southbound train to hops , georgia , i sat next to a man named slippery pete , who was a nice enough fellow that had a niche for saying the wrong thing at the wrong time . he d been divorced 7 times during the 80s . he asked me where i was from and where i was heading . so i told him ,  in the shade of all the oak trees in new york , there are bums corn holing each other . so i had to get out of that city . so i m off to hops .  then he told me that there were no oak trees at all in hops . this came to me as a great shock because i had a traveler s brochure advertising that hops had an assload of oak trees . it even read on the cover :  visit hops , georgia . we have an assload of oak trees .   there ai nt no truth in advertising now just as there never was none .  . so i showed slippery pete the brochure , which he read and said that it was bullshit , reiterating to me that there were no oak trees in hops , georgia . he said he d been born and raised there and that he was heading back to visit his auntmother salma and unclefather billyjobbobcarldannyfrank of whom thereafter he referred to simply as  my mammadaddy .  newline newline newline newline the weird thing is that back then vacuum cleaners did nt come all in one piece  they would come in a box of about five separate pieces : one vacuum cleaner and four extraneous widgets that did nt do a goddamn thing . needless to say , some assembly was required . when you open the box , the first thing you notice is that the vacuum cleaner is completely assembled and you can use it immediately . that begs the question , why the hell does the vacuum cleaner come with four useless widgets . so you have these four widgets and you have no clue what they re there for and you start wondering if they factor into the price you paid for the vacuum cleaner . some people would even go as far as to call the phone number of the customer satisfaction hotline on the instruction manual to ask what to do with them . often the hotline workers would reply ,  you can shove each of them meticulously where the grass do nt grow and the sun do nt shine and the cows do nt come home for all we care .  no help there . a small sum of the gay community was satisfied with this answer  some other customers confusedly sent their widgets to a coal mine in vermont , figuring that there was the place where the grass did nt grow , the sun did nt shine , and the cows did nt come home  and as for the rest of the unsatisfied customers , well they had four widgets that they did nt know what to do with . newline newline newline newline  you ever notice when you buy a vacuum cleaner it comes with four useless widgets ?  i asked slippery pete , who was nt much of a conversationist i could tell , but the train ride had been long and boredom was taking its toll . he looked at me with one blood shot , curious eye .  i was wondering if you know what they re for .  newline newline newline newline  what s what for ?  newline newline newline newline  the widgets .  newline newline newline newline  what widgets ?  newline newline newline newline  the ones that come with vacuum cleaners .  newline newline newline newline slippery pete pushed up the brim of his dirty straw cowboy hat from over his eyes and grumbled from behind his bushy handlebar mustache ,  what s with all the questions , son ? i suppose next you re gunna ask me where all the ducks go when the lake freezes during the wintertime .  i did nt know what he meant by this and cared even less about where the ducks go when the lake freezes . he continued ,  sides , my family never owned no fancyschmancy vacuum cleaner  we had a carpet sweeper , though .  newline newline newline newline  a carpet sweeper ?  newline newline newline newline  that s what i said .  slippery pete confirmed . newline newline newline newline  with all due respect , sir ,  i said timidly .  carpet sweepers do nt so much as pick up the trash than they just push it around .  newline newline newline newline  hell , i know that !  he said matteroffactly .  shit , we had the damn thing for over ten years , it s impossible not to know that . but the best thing about them is no goddamn widgets . just a good ole shitty carpet sweeper .  newline newline newline newline he was right , no widgets with the carpet sweepers , but i still was nt convinced that a shoddy product without useless widgets was better than a modern product with widgets . newline newline newline newline  you mind if i smoke ?  he asked , twisting up a cigarette with the trained and dexterous hands of man who had been rolling his own cigarettes for years . newline newline newline newline  no , sir .  newline newline newline newline  good , cause if you said no i would have smoked anyway .  newline newline newline newline  oh .  newline newline newline newline then slippery pete told me that hops was home to the world s largest carpet sweeper .  it s in that brochure of yours there , i bet . you should go see it while you re there .  he was right , it was in the brochure :  the carpet sweeper is over two stories tall and weighs approximately the same as a monster truck and each of its bristles are the size of the average adult . it was built by a retired naval captain sometime just after the great depression . newline newline newline newline  but what does anyone need with a giant carpet sweeper ?  i asked . newline newline newline newline  nothing . the town actually tried to give it to barley , wisconsin , home of the world s biggest square of shag carpet , but they would nt accept it .  he explained . the brochure read , and i m paraphrasing here , the people of barley would nt accept the gift because carpet sweepers did nt pick up the trash so much as they just pushed it around . hops took barley s refusal of the gift as an insult . newline newline newline newline  maybe alabama has oak trees ,  i said , thinking out loud .  i guess i ll catch a train heading west , but i m not sure about the homeless population there or the homeless  willingness to cornhole each other out in public . maybe i can pick up a brochure in hops or an almanac , maybe . i have an old college buddy who lives in alabama , or was it alaska ? it does nt matter . i have nt spoken with him since leaving college , and besides , i never really liked him anyway . he talked way too much . i wonder if there are any looney s pizza restaurants in alabama . looney s makes the best ...  newline newline newline newline  listen carefully now , son ,  slippery pete interrupted me . perfect timing too , i might have gone on and on if he had nt .  i m gunna learn you a lesson , and it d do you well to remember what i m bout to tell ya . newline newline newline newline  you re soul dead ,  he said sincerely . newline newline  soul dead ?  newline newline newline newline  sure enough as we re sittin  here livin  and breathin  . see , you re runnin  from new york to hops for either one reason or others , probably searching for greener pastures . but what you have to understand is , it do nt matter if you re in new york or hops , oak trees or no oak trees , there re always gunna be bums cornholing each other . you have to realize that happiness comes from within . once you become happy with yourself , nothing else in the world is gunna matter , not carpet sweepers , not vacuum cleaners , not even widgets . once you become truly happy with yourself and who you are , hell , you can live out the rest of your days in the lake of fire wearing a big ole smile on your face .  slippery pete smiled behind his graying handlebar mustache then tucked face into his hat as if to take a nap . newline newline newline newline i though for a moment about what he had said and decided he was right , but there was still one thing i had to ask ,  mr . slippery ?  newline newline newline newline  what is it , son ?  he said , not bothering to take his hat from off his face . newline newline newline newline  what should i do with the widgets ?  newline newline newline newline  did you call the manufacturer ?  newline newline newline newline  yes .  newline newline newline newline  well , what d they tell you ?  newline newline newline newline  they told me i could shove them up my ass for all they cared . not very helpful .  newline newline newline newline  well , sometimes you ca nt find help even in places where it ought to be found , but , listen , you re young and you have plenty of time left on this rock . i guess you re just gunna have to figure that one out for yourself .  newline newline newline newline i sat contemplating for a moment until i heard slippery pete start to snore . i thought i could use a little rest as well . newline newline newline newline all the commotion in the aisles of the railcar finally woke me . in a groggy daze , i looked out the window . we d arrived at hops . outside the window was hops station , mostly empty . there was a grimy sign on the side wall of the station that read ,  welcome to hops , home of the world s largest carpet sweeper !  and beneath that in large dark bold , angry print the sign read ,  fuck barley , wisconsin !  in retrospect , the sign was hilarious , and if you re ever in hops , georgia , i recommend you go see it  i did nt laugh back then , because i d just realized that i forgot to thank slippery pete for his advice . i turned to tell him , but the chair across from me was empty . i looked down the aisles in both directions for his cowboy hat sticking out above the heads of the exiting passengers , but it was nowhere to be seen . newline newline newline newline i never saw slippery pete again . newline newline newline newline slippery pete , if you re out there somewhere reading this story , thank you for the advice . and i think you might be happy to know what i did with the widgets ... i threw them away , vacuum cleaner and all . newline newline newline newline the endi laid on my bed , unaware of what was about to happen . i had led a bad life , i knew it . but i wanted to be forgiven . so i closed my eyes . i started to pray . i asked god to look upon me and see me . to see all i had done . i asked him to look at me and see the remorse , my shame . newline newline i did nt know if he could hear me . all i could hear was the monitors i was connected to . i kept praying . i made a list of all the things i d done wrong . that i could remember anyway . i thought about them and how wrong they were . i thought about the people i d hurt , the evil things i d done . i felt ashamed . i felt small and bad . i felt as if , maybe , i did nt deserve forgiveness . how could any one forgive all the evil i ve perpetrated ? newline newline but i kept my eyes closed and prayed . i heard the monitors slow , then the beeping stopped . i did nt know if i was still alive . i did nt know if i was dead . i could nt open my eyes . then i felt a tug , something pulling me . i felt heat and warmth , but i did nt know where it came from . then i heard it . i heard but not with sound or words . i heard it in myself . i heard what i had been seeking .  you have been forgiven .  i opened my eyes and i was there .          dropcap  newline newline the man went flying through the glass window , the thin panes shattering into a thousand pieces as he impacted against it . he landed in an ungainly sprawl , the stench of cheap whiskey reeking off him . another figured spilled out of the bar s front door , a sleeve of his denim jacket was slashed , and the flesh beneath it bleeding . in his hand was a knife wet with his blood , the tip a brilliant scarlet . he took one glance at the weapon before throwing it backwards at the swaying door . it sunk itself deep into the thick wood , the helt buzzing like an angry wasp as he paced towards the reeling drunk before him . newline newline the drunk tried to stand , spitting bloody saliva and perhaps a bit of tooth onto the street . the other figure had murder in his eye and swung his booted foot as if aiming at a football . the heavy steeltoed boot connected with the drunk s skull with a thick thunk , the already listing man toppling backwards like a sack of wet rice to sprawl in the filthy street . the other man lashed out again , felt ribs give way under his blow . he was prepared to kick again , this time aimed at the moaning man s temple when he felt arms reach around to pins his at his side . newline newline  stop it , luke ! you ll kill him !  newline newline captain lucas singleton terry snarled in exasperated rage . newline newline  that s the fucking idea , cornelia ,  he said , and tried to stomp on the man s face when a fourth figure appeared . newline newline  please do nt , captain !  newline newline at that he checked himself , the fury in his eyes momentarily vanishing . he turned his head to see a young girl no more than twenty staring at him with hazel eyes full of worry . terry exhaled slowly , more like steam engine releasing pressure than a man before nodding slowly . newline newline  let go , lieutenant . i wo nt hurt him ... more .  newline newline he jerked his arms free of his second in command s grasp and knelt down to pilfer through the drunk s jacket . a small wad of kroners appeared in terry s hand which he tossed through the broken window . newline newline  sorry about the mess .  newline newline the two women were quick to usher him away , flanking him as if to protect curious passerbys from any outbursts . newline newline  just what the hell was that ?  lieutenant cornelia snow asked . newline newline captain lucas terry winced as the adrenaline left his system , and the firey pain from his wound filtered through . newline newline  he pulled that fucking blade on me  he escalated it .  newline newline snow sighed with a long suffering air and steered him towards a waiting hovercar . newline newline  but who started it i wonder ?  newline newline at his guilty silence she laughed bitterly . newline newline  figured as much ,  she said . newline newline  why d you ever get into a fight ?  mira asked . she was busy tearing a sterile bandage out of its plastic , and wrapping around his wound as she spoke . newline newline  looked at me funny ,  was all terry had to say easing himself into the passenger seat . the teenage mira ducked in behind him as lieutenant snow took the wheel . the younger woman spied her commanding officer fiddling with something , a wedding band strung on a ball chain next to his dog tags . before she could ask the lieutenant cut her off with a look , silently mouthing the words , newline newline   later .   newline newline so mira kept her tongue and instead looked out the window as the hovercar pulled away , leaving the wounded drunk to be helped by his comrades . mr . jones has engaged in severe disorderly conduct and is a danger to those around him but more importantly himself.  the judge croaked . newline newline i shuddered , her black attire combined with her gaunt face and sharp spectacles made her look like a furious vulture gazing down upon her prey . newline newline  the prosecution found more than a 1000   the judge squinted her beady at the paper ,  selfies on his personal computer  . newline newline i looked away as her accusative stare flashed in my direction and hung my head in shame . even her movements were scary , slow and methodical but dangerous .  and for the use of a selfiestick  . newline newline  because of this obsession which endangers his own person mr. jones will be given a restraining order . he is forbidden from engaging with himself in any way.  the judge rattled on , her eyes daring anyone they met to disagree . newline newline my mouth was hanging open , she must have gone mad , how could i keep distance from myself ? my questioning gaze was clearly seen by the judge as she rolled her eyes and sighed as if the whole weight of the world was pressing down on those bony shoulders . newline newline  all mirrors will be removed , all reflective surfaces covered , for the duration of the restraining order you will not engage yourself in any way.  she raised her abnormally large fingers and pointed them at me .  you must remove yourself from the situation , die your hair , change your clothes , take another name  the judge smiled gleefully .  and if i catch you in the vicinity of a selfie stick , or see your face on inst.. or whatever it is you use , i will personally make sure that you  ll never see the light of a selfie flash again !  . the judge twirled the hammer in her long bony fingers .  we have already decided on your new look.  newline newline the doors opened and i saw a flash of orangered hair products and i knew that my worst nightmare would become reality , they were going to take my soul . newlinederek ?  newline newline  yeah this is derek , who is calling ?  i was pretty sure that everyone knew i was on holiday . it seemed very strange that anyone who knew me would call me . newline newline derek calderwood ? in two minutes there will be a huge explosion , three blocks south of you . approximately twentyfive people will die .  newline newline  umm what the fuck kind of joke is this ?  i had no time for a prank call and definitely when i was being charged transatlantic roaming charges . newline newline there is no time to explain , i  ve tried that before . you will hang up now  in two minutes time i will ring again .  newline newline  fuck you.  newline newline i found gemma rummaging through some ridiculous  i luv ny  tshirts , the sort only the most abrasive tourists would be caught seeing . i told her i would be waiting on the steps , i already had my share of tacky tourist crap weighing me down . newline newline as i found a comfy space on the bright red steps an almighty roar filled the air around me . i felt the rumble in stairs beneath me . there was a moment of eerie silence as we all tried to diagnose the source of the noise . my ringtone cut through the silence like knife . newline newline derek that was the first of five attacks .  newline newline  who the fuck are you ?  newline newline we need to ...  newline newline  how the fuck did you know that was going to happen.  newline newline derek , there isn  t much time . please let me speak .  newline newline  wait was that you ?  newline newline derek in thirty seconds , the police will begin to clear times square .  newline newline  where  s gemma ? i am going to find gemma.  the silence around me had now erupted into an alarmed hubbub . there were a few people who were hurriedly trying to get out of the square but mostly people were murmuring , i guess fearing the worst . newline newline gemma , is fine , she is about to find you . she will have forgotten to pay for her tshirt .  newline newline  gemma ! gemma !  i started waving through the crowd , she looked panicked . a policeman was trying to corral her down the street . i dragged her from the pavement and went to hug her , but she broke off the hug almost immediately and headed back into the shop .  wait , how did you know ?  newline newline gemma has gone back to the store to pay for the tshirt .  newline newline  how did you know she would forget to pay for the tsh wait who the fuck are you ?  newline newline i am a friend of a man called brian taylor . brian taylor is related to a man called robert taylor . robert taylor is the owner and manager of the black swan .  newline newline  why has robbie given you my number ?  newline newline because i asked for it .  newline newline  that prick ! i will fucking kill him.  newline newline people are quite literally dying just three streets south of you , and yet you are always concerned with who is calling you ?  newline newline  this is probably costing me a bomb you know !  newline newline speaking of bomb  s there are three more bombs in new york city .  newline newline    this was like something out of a movie . the people around me were moving past . but my mind wasn  t processing the information . newline newline we are going to stop the second of those three bombs from going off .  newline newline  we ! ?  i could feel the fear rising within me .  how the fuck are we going to do that ?  newline first you will head east on fortyseventh street .  newline newline  gemma ! gemma ! wait hold the line i  ve got ta   newline newline gemma will be fine here , leave her , there isn  t much time .  newline newline  how do you know ?  newline newline head east on fortyseventh street , you have ten minutes .  newline newline  fuck !  newline newline derek , please , just this once can you trust me .  newline newline  why do you speak like you know me ? you don  t know me ! ?  newline newline no ! no , no no no ! don  t newline newline i hungup the phone , i didn  t need some nutter sending me on a wild goose chase . i had to protect gemma . newline newline                                                  newline newline the antique clock on a grand mantelpiece chimed to as it ticked past the quarter past 12 mark . the cold dark glare of a television screen illuminated an old man sat on his sofa . stroking his greyed and bushy beard , he strained through the darkness . his eyes fixated on the screen . newline newline graham sighed and leant forward from his sofa . his tv was displaying the familiar headline appear again .  reports of an explosion in downtown new york  . the fear and dread that he used to feel had long drained away from him now . normally he would end things now . just jump back to the beginning . but it had been a few loops since he had watched the whole thing . newline newline i might spot something new , he thought , although he knew this was just wishful thinking . he had seen the events unfold countless times before . and each time the result was the same . no matter what he did , he would wake up again in a cold sweat wrapped up in his bed an ocean away from where he needed to be . newlinethe lock was blown . it had all the evidence of being blown in , a ring of shape charges meant to blow the doors in , but the debris was blown out with the escaped air . the escaped life . newline newline he peered through the blasted airlock , rifle holstered over his back . there was no threat here . there had not been in years . he stepped in . newline newline he d landed a good three kilometers out . it was nt necessary , really , but it was . he walked the roads he knew as a child , though telepresently . he d walked in . through the blasted craters , over the roads unfit for anything other than sad reminders of what was lost . he walked on . he walked to . newline newline despite the jagged , mangled metal , he s was thoroughly protected . his hardsuit would protect him from the smashed town . the smashed home . the lost land of his youth . his gauntlets grated against the teeth of the dragon of death . his knees banged across hatches that closed nevermore . he was in . newline newline he needed no guide , but he had one still . he was alone , but he was not . it was his home , but no longer . no longer . he came though to face a truth . the truth . newline newline there were no corpses in the town . despite all the death . the attack that had breached the lock , the infantry who had poured through as a murderous flood , had left virtually everyone dead . there was no way the civilian town of muskies even with a marine squad and militia could have survived the battle . they could not have resisted . yet they tried . they were not given another option . after the war , the bodies were collected , mulched and recycled . all with all the corpses of the pets . all the food . everything remotely alive or could be consumed . organics were too precious on mars . newline newline he moved through the tunnels , wandered the scored and scorched chambers and ambled to the greenhouse . it was the playground of his youth . and not his along . a pang . the reason he was here . newline newline the soldiers had fought bravely . they had killed far more of the enemy coming in trying to take town , to remove the colonists . if the organics were not so precious , they d have dropped a rock on the town and been done with it . however this was mars and martian logic , martian needs , ruled . it brought no solace many of the enemy were mulched , too . the pain was too great . newline newline he held himself together for a moment , but just a moment . it was too intense . the pangs of pain . it was too much . he breathed deep and walked back outside and back to his ship . he left the tunneled habitat . his demons lapping at his heels . newline newline he emerged and climbed the hill above the entrance . there was a crater there , from a chamber below collapsing . he skirted that marker of the death of those within , but thought better and stared down . the debris within had been cleared . the bodies from the room . they too were gone . too precious . newline newline he felt sick . he was martian , but he still felt sick . newline newline he looked away and out to the horizon . too near for someone from earth . too far for a child of the red planet growing up in the cramped habitats of mars . fenceless , yet far more confining . he could never be lost here even with the passage of time . here was timeless , but still changing . a ghost , a spectre of a world long lost . newline newline he returned to his ship to grieve . newline newline once more , after a night and a restless , nightmare wracked sleep , he went back to the habitat of his childhood . his demons more at bay than they had been in some time , yet howling beyond those same too far , too near horizons . he entered once more his haunted home . he went with purpose . newline newline through the greenhouses . newline newline under the bone dry , red dusted hydroponics and fish tanks . into the pump rooms and past . to a storage room . and into what would have been a cache some unnamed martian had hidden contraband and sold it from . he d found it when he was little . there he d hid , in an unmarked , unknown place . suited and safe . ten . newline newline but not alone . newline newline the disguised door was still shut . sealed it seemed . perhaps untouched since when he d emerged . twenty five years ago . newline newline he pressed the remembered lock . it was much lower than he remembered . he d been ten though and the world had shrank in the mean time . he pressed and the secret unpowered mechanical device clicked and the door s crack was revealed . he tried to swing it open . newline newline it was stuck . newline newline he was prepared and used the pry bar he d brought . he pulled and pried and pushed . he became possessed by the demons he was haunted by attacked the door with everything he and his hard suit had . finally , finally it opened . newline newline his suit s lights illuminated the small chamber and he collapsed to his knees . newline newline there . in the dark . rested a suit . holed . newline newline he dropped to his knees and began to weep . he sobbed but choked it out . newline newline  i kept my promise . i walked and kept walking . i lived and will never die . my heart is full of sorrow , but i kept my promise . now let us bury you , calm my demons and set me free . set me free ... .brother . sarah took a shaking breath , a twinge of pain in her chest reminding her that her long life on earth would be coming to a close . she sat and stared at the display in front of her , her mind was made up ... and yet she still felt undecided . or more so , she felt some regret for her decision . newline newline  well ?  a simulated voice asked . perfectly mimicking that of her late husband who had passed on to the digital world ten years ago ,  is everything set ? are you afraid , do you need me to guide you ?  newline newline  i ...  she started , then covered her lips , felt a stinging in her eyes ,  i ve decided on natural death .  newline newline  you ...  the simulated voice trailed off .  but , why ? we were supposed too ... you will be leaving me..  newline newline  it s just what i know must happen .  she said ,  it s the natural course i m supposed to take .  newline newline  do nt you love me anymore ? have you forgotten me ? i think about you every day .  newline newline  i do . i do love you , richard but , that was for life ... and we , i , will soon be beyond that . in a different place .  newline newline  it does nt have to be that way . we would be together for eternity here . in our own world . just the way we always wanted . sarah . please .  newline newline  i m sorry .  she sobbed ,  but it is something i must do . they gathered at her bedside . she did nt want them to see her like this , withered and frail and dying , but she needed to see them before she made her sacrifice . newline newline  kids , i ve decided .  newline newline  you re going ?  thomas asked . the oldest , 19 . he held the youngest  clarice , 6  in one arm and held the hand of sandy  11  with the other . newline newline  yes . the doctors are saying that i ve barely got weeks left most likely , it s growing too fast . they re not sure if the chemotherapy was effective .  newline newline  should nt you wait to see if it is ?  newline newline  it does nt matter to me . even then , my odds were so slim , it would be a short and difficult life . but what few weeks i might have had , i ve chosen to transfer to you . that s what mr. singer is here for .  she gestured to the man in the suit , sitting in the chair in the corner . he stood , with his metallic briefcase clutched in front of him . newline newline as he set up the machine thomas stared on in wonder .  can you tell us exactly ... uh ... exactly how much time she s got ?  newline newline  not until after the transfer has taken place , i m afraid . even so , the doctors say it s likely to only be 12 weeks apiece for each of you . it s an incredible gift to give regardless of how big or small though . your mother is a very brave woman , and you should respect her choice to pass with dignity at a time and place of her choosing . everything is set up now ,  he said as he finished unfolding the apparatus from the briefcase and attaching wires to the children s mother .  i ll attach each of you to the receiving end when you re ready , for now i ll step outside to give you a few minutes to say goodbye .  newline newline five minutes later thomas opened the door . there were tears hastily wiped away from his cheeks and his eyes were read . mr. singer said nothing .  mr . singer ... mom s ready for you .  newline newline inside , he attached each of the children to the machine as he explained the process .  mrs. hallinger , you ll simply feel as if you re falling asleep , same as you ve done many times before . kids , you ll feel a little bit of a chill and a bit lethargic during the transfer itself , and then you may experience some dizziness shortly after . this usually lasts only a few minutes though . if you re all ready , i ll start the procedure now .  newline newline all nodded , and he turned a key on the top of the machine , unlocking a cover that he opened to reveal a large red pad . he scanned his right hand on the pad and a light on the top lit up in red . mrs. hallinger s eyes fluttered a bit , then closed , and each of the children squirmed a little in their seats . after a minute or so the red light turned off , the cover automatically closed and clicked as it locked , and a small slip of paper printed off . mr. singer tore off the paper and his eyes went wide . newline newline  oh ... oh my .  newline newline thomas looked up . newline newline  did something go wrong ?  newline newline mr. singer fiddled with a screen on the machine and another slip printed off . he read it and repeated , another slip printed off . he looked up at mrs. hallinger s body , then slowly backed into his seat in the corner where he slumped in horror . thomas picked up the notes . newline newline  tommy , what s wrong ? is everything okay ?  sandy asked . newline newline tommy picked up the notes off the floor where mr. singer had dropped them , reading each one . newline newline  mr. singer , this number here , is this ... what does this mean ?  newline newline  thomas , it means that each of you has received 3,412 extra days of life . which means that your mother had 9,855 days of life remaining .  newline newline  wait , so ... the machine does nt take into account the cancer ?  newline newline  it does , thomas . your mother had 27 years left to live .  what do you mean i ca nt wish for more wishes ?  jerry whined . the smokey , green being before him just held it s palm to it s face and groaned . it looked very human like , except for the thin tail , trailing back to the lamp from which it was summoned , replacing it s legs . newline newline  look guy , i do nt make the rules , i just follows em ,  the wispy figure replied in a raspy brooklyn accent .  have nt ya s ever seen aladdin ? it held up 3 fingers . and pointed at one . newline newline  ya ca nt wish for more wishes .  newline newline it pointed at the next finger . newline newline  ya ca nt bring back the dead .  newline newline it tapped it s last finger . newline newline  and ya ca nt make no one love that ugly mug o  ya s .  with that , the ethereal figure produced a lit cigar out of thin air and inhaled it s fumes deeply . it puffed out green smoke that was thicker and cloudier than that which it was comprised of . newline newline jerry was annoyed at the restrictions placed on him after being told  ya s wish is my command .  he was awestruck when the dusty old lamp he found in his late grandfathers attic produced a genuine genie , but it s bored attitude was ruining the mysticism . newline newline he would nt be deterred though . this was jerry s chance to have everything he could ever want . if he played this right , he could have an omnipotent servant for the rest of his life . hell , the rest of eternity , after he wished for immortality . newline newline jerry thought hard as the genie slowly smoked it s cigar and checked it s watch . newline newline  i got it !  he looked dead into the genie s baggy eyes .  i wish for another genie !  newline newline  what ! ya just ca nt ... i mean the rules says ...  the genie started to sweat a little newline newline  the rules say i ca nt wish for more wishes , not that i ca nt wish for more genies . so poof one up pronto ,  jerry stated triumphantly . newline newline through clenched , green teeth the genie replied :  fine .  it held out a hand and a lamp appeared .  but i do nt like this one bit ,  he said as he swatted the dust of the lamp . newline newline but with that meager contact , the lamp shook , and out shot a navy blue genie that was a little more well groomed than the green genie . newline newline  your wish is my command darling ,  the navy genie stated as he bowed with an outstretched hand . newline newline  i wish i was   jerry began , but was interrupted by a wagging finger . newline newline  uh ah ah , wait your turn short stuff . the one who summoned me is greenie over here .  the navy genie waved it s hand toward the green one . newline newline  me ! ?  for the first time in millennia , the green genie lit up with excitement . he thought he had seen everything , after granting countless wishes for every mook that shines his lamp , but now was his chance to have the one thing he always wanted . newline newline without hesitation he boomed  i wish i was free !  newline newline and just like that he was free of his servitude . his tail cut away from his claustrophobic lamp , and he willed it into the shape of legs . newline newline as the green genie floated to the ground and tried out it s new limbs , jerry panicked a little . newline newline  soooooooo . no hard feelings about the whole loophole thing right ?  jerry nervously inquired . newline newline the newly freed genie shot jerry a blank stare . then , he picked up his old lamp , flipped it upside down , and used a little magic to stuff jerry s head inside of it . the muffled screams and jerry s vain attempts to remove it amused him greatly . newline newline the navy genie chuckled .  you know , you still have two wishes left greenie .  he reminded his green compatriot .  as long as we re freeing genies ... any chance you could help a guy out ?  newline newline  sure .  the green genie put his arm around the navy one .  but first i want to use my other wish .  newline newline  what ll it be , greenie ?  the navy genie cracked his fingers , ready to grant one last wish . newline newline  i wish for all the genies .  newline newline edit : this is my first post on here , so i apologize if my writing mechanics are nt great . constructive criticism would be appreciated . james , wake up .  newline newline  ugh . what time is it ?  newline newline  who cares ?  at the bottom of the ocean , time stops mattering . there is no day . there is no night . there is only the abyssal sea . newline newline  we re on duty .  we took 12hour shifts . matt and i piloted the sub for half a day , then john and tank took over for the other half .  you better get dressed .  newline newline i threw on my dirty uniform , grabbed my pocket watch from the desk and followed matt down the hall to the front of the ship . john and tank looked stressed . newline newline  how s it goin ? 12 more hours of steering down  getting any more exciting ? any news from the commander ?  newline newline they looked down from the controls and then at each other . john was the first to speak up .  you guys better sit down .  john was about 30 . maybe my height with a thick build . not the kind to get excited too easy . tank , on the other hand , was a lit fuse , which is nt exactly ideal while millions of gallons of water are pressing down on each of our souls .  we lost the armada .  newline newline  what ? the radio s down ? did you flash your lights ? they taught us morse code exactly for this reason .  newline newline tank snapped up .  guys ! listen to the man . he did nt say shit s broken . we lost the armada .  newline newline i looked out the port hole on the starboard side for the flashing red lights of the other 6 subs . i did nt see them , so i checked the next , and the next , and the next . i flipped to the port side and hurriedly checked each one . newline newline  where the hell are they ?  it seemed like matt was still waking up . newline newline  we do nt know .  newline newline  what do we do ?  newline newline  we could surface ?  newline newline  it would take weeks at this point and we ve lost contact with the supply ship .  newline newline  have you told anyone else ?  newline newline  not yet .  newline newline  have you done anything ? at all ? what is wrong with you two ?  newline newline  back the hell off !  tank had stood up quickly and was glaring toward matt . newline newline  stop it . now .  a voice i barely recognized came out of my mouth , as cold as ice . the room froze , and i pulled my pocket watch to check the time . it does nt matter . newline newline i walked back over to the first porthole . blue . deep blue . outside , the world was shifting , currents moving stronger and faster than any gust of wind . but inside there was only stillness . there were only moments , which seemed to mesh and flow in and out with the tides . moments of depth , and heaviness , and blue . newline newline  we continue .  newline newline blank stares all around . the three of them silent , their breath frantic and stirring with the waves miles above . newline newline  blue is my favorite color . have i ever mentioned that ?  newline newline  james . are you feeling alright ?  newline newline  it s almost a contradiction . the sky meeting the ocean , the heights and the depths of our known planet colliding as one in a seamless shear of blue . world s apart , but only shades different among all the colors there are . have you ever thought about that ?  newline newline  i do nt think i see the . . .  newline newline  and have you ever wondered why they call it the surface  of the ocean ? would nt it be at least as apt to describe such a place the floor  of the sky ? two realms , a top and bottom to each . yet , we have always assumed that the point at which the sky meets our planet is simply the end . but no more . gentlemen , we have tested the breadth of the forests , the expanse of the desert . we ve visited the harshest colds and walked upon cinders hotter than any known to man but the sun itself . we ve kissed the top of the sky and laughed in its wake as we climbed to the moon . today , we , the four of us , press on toward yet another frontier . we uncover the depths and the darkness . the abysmal expanse that has so long been just out of reach . i look out this window , and i do nt see darkness , danger or despair . i do not fear drowning but doing so in my own failure and self regret .  i took out my watch and left it , sitting on the edge of the porthole .  no , i look out this window , and i see only blue . and i ll be damned if a color is going to stop us . full speed captain .  newline newline attention , unidentified vessel . this sector has been placed under priority one quarantine . your presence in this space constitutes a violation of galactic law , and you are hereby ordered to prepare to be boarded . failure to comply will be treated as an act of aggression  newline newline newline  ah , fucking merde.  newline newline newline caption mccoy tossed the manhandled paperback he  d been reading onto the table and stood . the smartscreen of his cockpit pulsed a dull red , displaying a plethora of unnerving data to the old captain and blaring out the federal warning signal he  d come in range of . newline newline newline  bess !  he nearly spat his cigar out when he called for second command and leaned over the control panel . he brought up his coordinates , though he already had an inkling of where they  d managed to drift into .  perfect.  he said in a mutter and slammed his fist over the intercom button . newline newline newline  bess !  he snarled again into his dusty microphone . he could hear his own voice echo back to him from the bowels of the ship .  if you don  t haul your twiggy little arse up here now , i  ll let you sleep with the stars tonight.  newline newline newline the pounding of boots on metal could be hear as his prodige heeded the warning . mccoy slumped into his captain s chair and shoved off towards the left of the control panel . the signal continued to blare throughout the cockpit , and his own navigational tools let out various beeps and buzzing noises , their manual warnings being set off . newline newline newline  what  s happened ?  bess slid into her chair on the opposite side of the control deck , slipping on her headset and pushing a mass of hair out of her eyes . newline newline newline  the fuzz ,  mccoy grunted taking a moment to ash his cigar .  fuckers cut us off.  newline newline newline  splendid.  bess sighed and reached forward to turn on her smartscreen .  if we get much closer they  ll disable our engines.  newline newline newline  don  t think i know that ?  mccoy quipped back to the girl . she didn  t even glance his way as she brought up the solar map . newline newline newline  the way i see it we  ve got two logical options.  bess pushed away from the control panel and turned her chair to face their communications sector .  either we let them dock or we try our best with communications and charm our way out of it.  she glanced to mccoy with a cocked brow and round eyes . newline newline newline  well , missy ,  mccoy answered with a snort of laughter .  no way in hell we  re having those space martial scum on this ship , not with all the cargo we  ve got . and there  s certainly no way i  m going to let some snub nosed dog fucker get me to beg.  newline newline newline bess , with a sigh , glided back to her station . newline  right , then.  she said .  i  ll fire up the engines.  newline newline newline  good girl ,  mccoy laughed and took a long drag .  lovely morning for a stroll ! when the stasis pod cracked open the lights were far too bright and the klaxons were sounding . something was very wrong . as the captain it was expected of me to jump to action but after four hundred years i could barely struggle out of the pod . wrapping up in a thermal blanket while feeling returned to my limbs , i eased into the nearest operator console . newline newline ship status appeared to be fine , no breaches , no system failures , everything was green and yet the klaxons continued to sound . i checked our position and was surprised to see we d made it . i pulled up the view screen and saw the small pair of specs , barely discernible , that was centauri a and b . it had been four hundred years and we were only a month or so out from centauri b and i d been woken up a week earlier than i should have been . newline newline checking the crew status i saw that the other officers  pods were rapidly reanimating as well , but i d been awoken first . thankfully the rest of the crew and passengers were still in deep stasis . the genea was a colony ship and almost all of the passengers were settlers . no use waking anyone up till we solved this problem . newline newline looking around the other ship status screens for something else that was wrong , or at least a way to silence the blaring klaxon , something impossible caught my eye . at the com officer s station an incoming transmission notification was flashing . newline newline easing over to the communication s console i saw something more impossible , the transmission was local . i accepted the transmission , which thankfully silenced the klaxon . i was expecting something alien or fantastical , nothing else could be so far out here and able to contact the ship directly . contact with an alien race was always something we d hoped for eventually . i think i was more surprised though when a perfectly normal human greeted me . newline newline  captain sommlin ?  the man asked once the connection was established .  i m commander thompson , it s good to finally meet you .  newline newline  who are you , how do you know my name ?  i demanded . newline newline  i know quite a bit more , you re actually my great grandfather , believe it or not . i m sure you have lots of questions , but the obvious is that technology has advanced a lot faster than your ship . and quite a bit s changed since your ship left earth . yours was one of the first and slowest colony ships and so one of the very last to arrive . we ve been holding this outpost waiting for your arrival . there is so much to show you . timmy smashed the snooze button on the alarm clock . the time was 8:25 and he was going to be interviewed for his new job in about 4 hours . he was not going to fuck this up again . he found his energy and stood up .  a new day , a new me  he whispered to himself . he was confident . he went to his wardrobe and picked out the suit he had borrowed from his brother . he have nt had the money to get himself one yet , but his brother and him were about the same size and height so the suit fit him perfectly . he equipped the white shirt and the pants , and put the tie over his shoulder and headed towards the kitchen , holding the suit jacket in his hands , placing it carefully over the back of the chair in his kitchen along with the tie . he turned on the coffee machine and headed to the bathroom to shave and brush his teeth . newline apart from the suit , nothing was out of the ordinary , this was his morning routine . of course , the deadend job down at the old coffee shop he used to work at did nt require a suit , but he loved wearing one . he felt important . he felt good . newline as he set down the razor , a distinct sound could be heard . it definitely felt out of place , a small  ding !  sound . he looked around , trying to locate the origin of the sound and found nothing . it was like an echo from the walls around him . a sound so faint he almost doubted was real . but as quickly as it had come , it disappeared . fading into silence . newline he had to dismiss it . it had to have been someone from the nearby flats . his neighbours was nt really known to be quiet tennants and he has other things to focus on . newline as he went into his kitchen again , he opened the fridge . the old coffee shop had payed his rent , but it did nt make him rich . the fridge was almost empty , except for a couple of eggs , some milk , half a pack of bacon , and the leftovers from yesterday s fastfood order .  a new day , a new me  , he whispered to himself again . he took out the bacon and some eggs . for the first time in what felt like forever , he was going to make himself a proper breakfast . newline he took out the frying pan , put it on the stove and turned on the heat . he then prepared his bacon and threw them on the pan . it started sizzling immidately . he then took his eggs and tried to crack them on the side of the pan . but something strange happened . they would nt crack . it was as if they were made of metal . suddenly he heard the sound . that sound . no , but it was similar . a bit lower and somewhat louder . but the most bizarre thing was nt that . from the frying pan s sizzling fat grew something at a fast pace . it was a bubble , but no ordinary bubble . it was nt transparent , and it was formed like one of those signs you d see advertising by the side of the road , but it was nt bigger than a foot in width . it had text in the bubble that looked like something from those old 8bit games he d used to play when he was younger . it said in large , black letters : newline level 18 cooking required ! newline timmy continued starring at it . something was nt right . was he dreaming ? he could nt tell . it was like he was in an rpg . newline the coffee machine did nt make any more noise , but timmy had nt noticed . he could nt have . a new bubble was growing now , but not from the frying pan . it came from the coffee machine . this one said : newline level 18 cooking aquired ! newline  what the fuck is going on ?  , said timmy as if accusing the coffee machine . as soon as the words left his mouth he could finally realize the bizarre situation he was in . here he stood screaming at an inanimate object sending him messages about cooking level . newline he fell down into the chair behind him and closed his eyes . he could nt grasp the situation .  this could nt be a dream  , he thought ,  i would nt be able to think this clearly in a dream  . when he opened his eyes again , the frying pan bubbled had now changed . it read : newline required level reached ! newline and then it faded . the coffee machine s bubble had already disappeared , it seemed . partly reluctant and wildly curious , he stood up again . he picked up one of the eggs from the counter and tried cracking it against the frying pan . it worked ! newline from then on , everything was quite ordinary . nothing strange happened again until the bacon and eggs were finished . a new bubble appeared in front of him . it said  inventory  in the top left corner and the first items were the bacon and egg breakfast filling a slot .  it is an rpg  , he thought to himself , as if he still could nt grasp it . there were about 24 slots in total , and the inventory had a window right next to it . he saw himself , as if it was a mirror showing his whole body , but it did nt mimic him . it just posed . he dropped the plate with his breakfast down on the table and saw the item disappearing from his inventory . he picked up the tie and it appeared in his inventory . he put it on and it disappeared from his inventory and appeared onto his mirror image . newline he heard that sound again . the one from the bathroom . a new bubble appeared next to his inventory . it said  statistics  in the top left corner and a   2   next to  charisma  . newline whatever this was , it made more and more sense to timmy . his mother always used to say that his video games would nt get him anywhere in life . but he was even more confident now .  a new day , a new me  , he thought , a smug smile spreading across his face .i look out of my apartment window , across the city . the endless spires and peaks of london warm my heart as they always do . people crawl along , like ants , and toy cars trundle along the model roads . suddenly , something flies through the air , towards the houses of parliament , something long and thin . a blinding flash staggers me backward , and i hear a rushing of air . even before i can comprehend what it is , the force of the nuke hits me , and blasts me back into the wall as the building dissolves around me . i can only think of my mother , far away in america , who will grieve for me forevermore , before i am gone .dr. hawking answers the door . he talks to him for a few seconds like he s an old friend . newline newline  hi , bill , you made it .  newline newline  hey , hawking , no will believe you , but i m here . i told a few friends .  newline newline i look at dr. hawking , but i ca nt see who he s talking to . i walk around to the front of the bar hoping to see this time traveler . dr. hawking laughs . it must be a false alarm , i think . i see the man in question . newline newline  bill murray ! holy hell , i m a huge fan ,  i say . newline newline  tom , make us a couple of screwdrivers ,  says hawking . newline newline i do as he says . newline newline  hawkmeister , i have some more friends who want to come . they were worried it was a corrigizan trap . obviously , i could pretend i m just a famous actor who heard about a party and no one would believe you , like usual .  newline newline  i know how you party . it gets crazy .  newline newline  heh , yeah ,  says bill . newline newline i give them their screwdrivers . bill downs his and gives me the glass back . newline newline  alright , party on .  newline newline bill pulls out something i ve never seen before . it looks like a cell phone , but much larger . he grabs the two drinks i made for him and downs them . newline newline  yeah , it s on .  newline newline instantly , the room fills with people . most of them half naked with most of them being bottomless . people have something in their ear like they re listening to music that i ca nt hear . bill places one of them in dr. hawking s ear , and bill hands one to me . i slip it in and hear the most beautiful music i ve ever heard . newline newline  it s miley cyrus 40 years from now ,  says bill . newline newline i just nod and make more drinks . bill spends most of the night with dr. hawking . i recognize no one else at the time . soon enough , the booze runs out . bill waves me over , and you do what bill murray says . newline newline  thanks , kid . have some fun , you ve earned it .  newline newline i dance and hook up with two ladies from the future . i listen to arguments about time travel and quantum physics and how global warming is a hoax . of course , the guy who says that is wearing a  sponsored by exxon mobil  patch on his sleeve . most of the guests have corporate sponsors . newline newline then , people start to disappear . the ladies who made my night kiss me goodbye and disappear . i notice their  sponsored by trojan condoms  patches . at the end of the night , the house is trashed . bill pats dr. hawking on the shoulder and walks up to me . newline newline  kid , hell of a night , huh . the sad thing is it has to remain a secret . i mean ...  newline newline  no one will believe me ,  i say . newline newline  yeah , sadly , and dr. hawking risks his credibility . this sort of stuff happens sometimes . people do this all the time , actually . we do nt give names , and i run interference . you look like a nut saying bill murray showed up to your time traveler party , especially when you ca nt name anyone else . ridiculous deniability is what i call it . i hope you had fun . see you around , maybe .  newline newline bill murray disappears in front of me , but i think i got the best of him . i still have the earpiece . i reach up to grab it , but it s gone . dr. hawking rolls over to me . newline newline  it was a fun night . thank you , tom .  newline newline  no one will believe us ?  i ask . newline newline  this was my fourth time traveler party . first time i had the sense to have someone from my time here though . now , we both know , but he is right . no one will believe us .  newline newline dr. hawking pays me , and i head home , waiting for the future . newline newline  newline newline if you enjoyed this , i m working on a batman and superman story called alienated .  here is part i .   https : www.reddit.comrnickkuvaascomments4phzj3batmansupermanandthealienspartithesuperman i ca nt even begin to describe how silly you look .  newline newline he said it with a smile , though jonesy could nt see his face . could nt see much after he d sprayed that shit in her eyes . it burned , but not as bad as her wrists . rope cuts deep . warm fluid , blood , trickled down her arms and under her shirt . he d kept her here for a good while , hours she thought , and only came down twice so far . first time was pretty straightforward . just a good ol  fashioned rape . this time was a bit different , though . he d brought down an orange can of some sort , the kind with all the small writing and loads of warnings in different languages , and grinned a genuine , friendly grin just as he poured it out onto her face . she screamed , though it did nt amount to much with his boxers shoved in her mouth . probably why they called it gagging  . newline newline all blind , my filthy underwear in your mouth , and still some of my semen dripping down your leg . hope you do nt get pregnant . not like it matters .  newline newline nope , it does nt .  newline newline all these years hitchhiking finally did it , she figured . adventuring was going to lead to an adventure after all . the thought made her grin . he noticed . newline newline what are you smiling about ?  he still sounded like the churchgoing neighbor with the green sweaters and endless plaid ties . definitely a psycho . poor bastard . newline newline i said  he smacked her hard on the cheek , probably dislodging a tooth . he did nt need to continue . now she was more than grinning . she was laughing . she could almost see his smile deteriorate . inbetween her laughs , she inhaled more and more of his boxers , letting it tickle the back of her throat . here we go .  newline newline the vomit pushed the boxers out and she felt it splatter on the man s shoes , hearing his rage build behind his calm voice . before he could utter anything audible , she lifted a knee into his crotch . she was sure she felt one of his balls pop . hopefully not . poor bastard . newline newline her voice was horse , but that did nt affect her hands in any way . newline newline listen , guy , if you re going to torture someone , be sure you tie the rope right .  she pulled herself down from the ceiling with ease . her eyes were a lot clearer now . the man was doubled over and his ankles were covered in vomit . she wiped her eyes with her sleeve and pulled the rope off from around her wrists , slipping it up under his jaw . she tied it tight around his neck and lifted the rest over the bar above , tying that too . his toes were just touching the ground now . she wiped her mouth of vomit and slipped it into his eyes , watching them bubble briefly and him gagging , trying to scream in pain . newline newline she looked around the room , humming as she went , eventually finding a pair of sheers . ever see a hot dog that s been cooked too long in the microwave , pal ? ever notice how it just kinda splits ?  the look on his face was priceless . bet you were nt expecting to pick up another psycho on the road , huh , mr. rogers ? well , ca nt say i d expect me to be a killer , either .  newline newline she checked the sheers  snip , hearing a satisfying snikt . alright , so you want it down the middle , or should i just take the whole thing ? i ll have you know i m an excellent charmer . newline newline in fact , i once prevented someone from killing themself with nothing but my silver tongue . she was a young girl , standing on the railing of a bridge , looking down into the abyss . newline newline i sauntered over to the poor lass and asked what was the matter . she instantly became imbalanced by my stunning grace and began to fall off the railing , but being the superb athlete i am , i grabbed her wrist and tried to pull her up . newline newline the police were all over me , but i assured them everything was fine . newline newline i had a lot to think about that night . best bounty hunter in the universe ? well , then you want them ,  said the man , pointing down the bar to where a little girl and her robot were playing chess . newline newline  nononon . i think you misunderstood me . i said the  best bounty hunter  not the best  i glanced back at the tow headed child and her rust bucket of a robot ,  whatever the hell you want to call that a comedic duo ?  newline newline the elderly man let loose a laugh i felt through the old copper topped wood of the bar ,  alrighty you cunt . go talk to them and see if you still think that.  his eyes said i should shut up and get going . newline newline raising my eyebrows to his response i grabbed my beer and attempted to walk over to the pair nonchalantly . as i walked closer the bar quitted down . the chatter from the qatarian group dropped from existence . the mouth vomit of the verillian bartender even faded away as i drew closer . her narrow shoulders faced me and she seemed fully enveloped in the game splayed before her . her minuscule fingers were tapping away at the surface of the table as her robot companion sat unmoving . i was afraid that his moving bits had rusted together when suddenly his mechanical arm sprang to life and grabbed a pawn and jabbed it forward a square . newline newline  oh finally ! good lawd i thought you were never going to move !  she didn  t look like she was more than thirteen as i approached their game . i just couldn  t believe that geezer would recommend these two over any one else in this establishment . the golden huntsman was known for attracting the most sordid , and capable , characters in the andromeda galaxy . thinking about it , the fact these two weren  t dead was in itself quite a feat . just existing on this planet took myself a monumental effort . i  d been nearly mugged twice , almost stabbed by a drugged out lunatic with a pitchfork and had to fend off a pack of kildaf wolves just out of town . i took the last step to approach to the side of their game just in time to notice that she had a pistol trained squarely at my crotch . newline newline  you have ten seconds to explain yourself or get the fuck out of here.  newline newline  uhum.  i grabbed my throat and willed the frog in it to get out of the way of my vocal chords .  yes . i uh.  i attempted more vigorously to dislodge the creature ,  i would like to hire the pair of you i think.  newline newline  you think ?  the humanoid robot looked from its pieces .  you either do or you do not . make up your mind fleshbag.  newline newline  right . yes . i would like to hire you . a piece of technology was stolen from my company and i  ve been tasked with retrieving it without police interference.  i finally noticed that bar had come to complete silence . looking around i noticed that every eye was focused solely on our exchange . the old man i had first talked to looked like he was about to burst from holding back a laugh . his face a vivid , veiny red while his right hand barely contained a grin . newline newline  ralph ? kill him ?  the girl was wearing what looked like mining clothes draped loosely over her small frame . newline newline  actually les . i  m curious.  newline newline  you  re curious ? oh come on . he  s a corporate dumbass in charge of taking care of some bullshit his bosses want covered up.  she let the pistol muzzle drift upwards to my chest . newline newline  les . you can  t always shoot potential clients . but yes . i am curious . you  re from the glasgow conglomerate correct ?  his vaguely humanoid face turned towards mine . the rust of many years had done irreparable damage to the surface of his outer coating but between the outer plates his inner mechanisms seemed in perfect condition . in fact , they looked of exceptional quality . i looked him over and noticed that most of his mechanisms were dramatically over speced for his model . newline newline  yeah . i  m from glasgow . i  ve also noticed that you seem to be sporting some hardware of ours.  newline newline  hah ! he  s got a good eye ! sure as shit i am . you guys make the best aftermarkets in the known universe.  newline newline les seemed to realize that i would not be getting shot at this point and slipped her pistol back into hiding .  well since ralph is curious how about this : two hundred grand up front and another two fifty on completion.  newline newline i tried not to let my eyes bulge . i really did .  four hundred and fifty fucking grand ?  newline newline  you  re right  les rubbed her pointed chin ,  how about we make it an even five hundred ?  she retorted with a smile . newline newline this time i didn  t try . i let my eyes widen and my jaw drop . the old man at the end of the bar finally lost it . his laugh rocked the hunstman to the foundation . it knocked me off balance as he roared ,  take the offer ya cunt ! yer the first person she hasn  t killed in months !  newline newline  i well are you two up to it ? i mean ralph i get . he  s got some pretty serious hardware tucked away , but you ? how old are you kid ?  newline newline les stood up from her chair and her face seemed to rise to just in front of me . her eyes locked with mine and then came the pressure . immense , unfathomable pressure in my knees . in my chest . in my skull . it was everywhere and heavy beyond words . i couldn  t breathe . i couldn  t think . then seeming to leak out of the aether her voice rang through my head ,  i  m more than capable of whatever is necessary . i  ve handled myself for tens of years and i  ve dealt with people of strength beyond your imagining . do not think that because of how i appear i have any qualms of tearing your existence into shreds.  newline newline with no warning the weight lifted from my frame and i saw that she was still sitting . i  d never experienced the power of a psionic before and i never wanted to again . the tremors that followed were violent but thankfully brief . as i finally drifted back to reality after her mental attack , i realized that i was staring at the bottom of the table les and ralph were playing chess on . i attempted to pick myself up only to realize that i had vomited where my hand had tried to find purchase . newline newline  are you willing to pay six hundred grand now ?  newline newline i knew she had raised it again , as confirmed by the guffaw of the old man at the bar , but god damn . managing myself to an upright i walked to the bar and grabbed a rag from the verillian barkeep , paid up my thirtyfive hundredths of a credit for the beer and said ,  yeah miss les .  i turned back to her with a shaky smile ,  i think i can swing six hundred thousand credits for you two.  newlineit s not quite inkeeping with the prompt , but i felt you might enjoy my literary genius . newline newline the great borisman part 1 newline jan 11 , 2011 newline newline newline  evham bailes says  01:21  newline write me a boris johnson fanfic  newline newline boris was riding his bike home after a long day at the london assembly . he was very tired , but still he peddled on down the busy rush hour clogged roads of london , passing many a big red bus and shouting torrie haters as he went . newline newline after stopping several times to sign babies heads and women s breasts , he finally made it home . pulling his helmet off to reveal his flattened locks of super saiyan gold , he pushed the bike into his 4,485,945 house . newline newline leaning the bike against the hallway wall , he sighed heavily . despite his hours at the la , he was not done for the day . oh no , for you see , boris had a second job . one far more important than regulating congestion and renting bikes  for you see , boris  second career was a very especial one indeed . for he was the great borisman . politician by day , super hero by night ! newline newline he walked to his kitchen for a quick refreshment before he exited the kitchen to the garden and walked to the shed at the end of the garden . unlocking the padlock with his super secret code , he entered the shed . ringing and old bike bell on the work surface at the back revealed a long , winding stair case leading underground . this is where the great borisman s hq resided . the boris shed ! newline newline in the boris shed there was everything he could need to fight the evil riffraff on london s streets . an array of bikes  city , mountain , hybrid as well at his wiffwaff paddles of supreme justice ! the far wall was take over by a large screen , hundreds of cctv images being directed straight to his super computer so he could keep an eye on the goings on in london and keep its citizens safe . newline newline just as he was surveying the monitor it flashed red and a siren began to blare out . the screen was taken over by a single cctv stream , some oik was trying to steal one his bois bikes ! the little hooligan ! without hesitation , boris turned around and ran to a cabinet , staring up at his battle suit . newline it was a full body spandex suit with his gadget bum bag and battle tie . he quickly yanked the spandex over his head , struggled to buckle the bum bag around his waist before finally tying his tie in a windsor knot . he ran to his super speedy borisman bicycle  the one with the giant thruster engines and a red body job with neon green flames decorating the frame . a secret entrance opened  newline newline just before he exited , he grabbed his borisman helmet safety first ! it matched the bike s dcor , with a visor that covered his face . he peddled his way out of the boris shed and headed to the location of the oik . newline newline to be continued ! newline newline in the second instalment of the adventures of the great borisman , borisman confronts the bike snatching oik and meets his arch rival  the evil super villain : lord etonboy !she places it slowly on the table . in the dim light of the waste oil lamp the condensation on the glass bottle catches your eyes . the impulse to reach out and take it is overwhelming but you do nt do it . there are armed men in the room that would not hesitate to end your miserable life for it . newline newline then the prime minister reaches out again and uncorks it . she pushes the bottle towards you . your throat seems drier than ever . you look at the guard to her left . he isn  t looking at you , he  s studying the rips and patch work on his gloves . newline newline  go on ,  she says gently , bringing your attention back to the bottle . newline newline you hesitate but obey her command . the bottle is just as cold in your hand as you imagined it would be and though years of conditioning to savor water demand that you do just that , you ca nt help but take gulp after gulp once it touches your lips . newline newline she reaches over the table and takes the bottle out of your hand . she replaces the cork while you sit ashamed for having taken so much  the bottle is half empty now . newline newline  do nt worry about it ,  she says . newline newline why is she wasting this precious resource on you ? even the prime minister must pay the same rate of credits for real water at the primary resource centre . they do nt even ration it at all any more . if you ca nt pay , you are not entitled to fresh water , just the recycled waste water infused with synthesized electrolytes and the daily , dry allloaf . newline newline  we have a proposition for you ,  she says . newline newline you shift in the metal chair . it s heavy enough that your moments do nt make it shift across the metal floor . everything is metal or glass or hardened materials except that water in front of you and it makes it all the more precious . even in the poor lighting the moon and stars just outside the window are nt as beautiful . newline newline she continues ,  you re aware of the increasing shortage of natural resources on the station .  newline newline everyone is aware . it dictates everyone s daily life and their every thought . work placements and afterhours activities are nt enough to distract one from the simple reality that death is knocking on the space station door . newline newline  even our ability to repurpose used waste water is becoming more and more difficult . we have been forced to find an alternative solution . fortunately the head scientist at the recycling plant has invented a new way of extracting water from a secondary source , however the waste water is too impure .  newline newline you understand half of what she is saying . your work placement is in the bakery . your purpose is to sort through edible and nonedible materials and place them in the correct bin for processing . newline newline the idea of what she is saying is nt lost on you , though . a new way of extracting water  this would excite you if it were nt for the grim expression on her face . her pause is long while she stares down at you . you re sitting in the only chair in the room . newline newline she speaks again .  no one expected that we would be stranded here , baker . until migrate station 01 returns we have nowhere to go . earth is long dead . we must persist until we are salvaged .  newline newline you look away and down to the floor . this speech is unfamiliar but it opens a deep , gaping pit in your stomach and your worst fears seem to seep up from it . she s asking something of you that has nothing to do with an expansion on the resource centre , which is what you thought you had applied for . newline newline  migrate station 02 is experiencing more than one crisis and we believe we have found a common solution . the new extraction process , if you understand what i am trying to tell you , will do three things . first it will provide water that is closer in quality to the little water from earth still in our reserves than the waste water ever could be .  newline newline by this point you ve come to understand that . you wish she had skipped bothering telling you that and would just ask bluntly what it is she wants you to do . you think of your pregnant sister . an awful feeling obligation is overcoming you . newline newline  as you may have noticed , we are also running low on edible materials . the second is that it will reduce the demand for food product  newline newline the unprocessed bins do seem to have less and less in them every day . it has been this way for over six years , and it s been a gradual decrease , but you have noticed it . it is an undeniable consequence of being on an overpopulated and malfunctioned communal interplanetary station . newline newline   and that is because the third thing the new extraction process will do is reduce our population .  newline education is minimal on the station but you do remember some of what you have read in the slowcirculating biology books . the human body is mostly made up of water . newline newline  our records indicate that you have no immediate family . no wife or children , your parents are deceased . you provide only for yourself . if you accept the position offered to you , we will ensure that your sister receives compensation . she will be entitled to a certain share of the new water resource .  newline newline miscarriages are common the station due to malnutrition but not common enough . contraception is incredibly hard if not impossible to come by since three decades ago when the pharmacy announced they could no longer ration it as a free resource . the supplies have dwindled since then . even if your sister does lose this baby , her husband could give her another . they have a real family . newline newline she is also right about you providing for yourself . you work for yourself and take for yourself . your only purpose is to work in the bakery and even that position can be filled . there are citizens who pick up work where they can because the permanent positions are all filled . newline newline you do nt need that work placement . you do nt need the water or the allloaf . you feel even guiltier for the water you just drank . it then occurs to you that that may have not been earth water . it tastes and looks so much like it and the value of it is inarguable . newline newline you look her in the eyes . she stares unwaveringly back at you . you know what you just drank but a life of silent desperation makes it impossible to care . the other citizens wo nt care . everyone is just waiting for migrate station 01 to take them to their new home . newline newline you say ,  ok.  newlineit took me a long time to accept the thing . i used to wonder what the thing was . if it had a name or if i could call to it . but during the quietest parts of night , i came to feel that i did nt need to reach out to the thing . it knew me . understood my every thought . and as i pondered my slow existence in sleepless nights , the thing would sigh in the corner of the room . unsettling , but somehow reassuring . newline newline the thing has been with me for as long as i remember . at first , only appearing after my sorry attempts at going to bed , watching quietly as i faded into my dreamless sleeps . as i got older , the thing would come around when i was at my worst . it sat with me in the car after i lost my best friend , pulsed rhythmically across the bar on fruitless outings , maybe even put its warm hand on my shoulder when i slumped onto the couch after a hard day at work . recently it has begun to taint even my good days , like a dead pixel in the picture of my life . newline newline martin stood at the doorway of my office today . congratulating me on my promotion , commending my work ethic or some such nonsense . but i could nt thank him . not even look at him . i was watching the thing . newline newline  are you okay ?  he asked . how could he be so oblivious of the thing sitting right across from me at my desk ? after years of it being there with me in front of other people , i knew there was nothing for him to actually see . but did he really not even feel the thing there ? it s presence was heavier than i had ever felt it before . it almost felt like i was breathing it into my lungs . i looked at him , still baffled by his casual demeanor . newline newline  sure , i am . i ve been doing this forever ,  i replied , keeping a careful gaze on the thing . he seemed concerned for just a moment , then gave a polite nod and walked away shaking his head . newline newline i could nt do it any more . i could nt take the pressure in the room . the pressure in my head . i needed to breathe . so i got up and took the stairs because i could nt put up with standing awkwardly in the elevator with the thing . not today . though i knew it would follow anyway . i pushed open the emergency door to the roof . no alarm . broken , as i had discovered on one of my many attempts to escape the thing at work . the crisp air outside took the weight out of my lungs . i closed my eyes and tried to ease the tension in my shoulders . newline newline when i opened my heavy lids , the thing was there , hovering just beyond the edge of the roof . but now it had a face . a dozen faces . constant and shifting . it was every person in my life that i had loved , wanted to love , or let down . the first person i ever kissed , my english professor , my mother , the barista from the cafe down the street and a dozen more people . all painfully important and miserably insignificant at once . i could nt blink at the sight of them all . my eyes stung and hot tears rolled down my cheeks . it was then that i knew i could nt ever escape it . the thing would follow me from now on until it finally rotted my soul from the inside out . i heard the wind whip at the intangible garment that shrouded it , then imagined their hands all reaching out to me . newline newline so i stretched my arm to touch them . and i stepped forward into the thing s embrace . newlinei run my hand over the weathered pages , the crude depiction making more sense than ever before . newline newline rubbing my eyes , i try to clear my hazy vision . for the past five years , i  ve made some progress but this is leaps and bounds of anything i had found before . newline newline recently fired from my previous job , i somehow landed this job with the us government . it pays well , has all the benefits i need , and allows me to work from home  it seemed almost too perfect at first . that is , until now . newline newline at first , i couldn  t understand why i was tasked with such a strange job . i  ve supposed to find the origins of the lefthanded people . i  m pretty sure this study had been done dozens of times before . newline newline but besides that , it has its merits . my son happens to be lefthanded so i thought it would be a fun way to teach him how he  s normal . through my studies , i  ve found that while lefthanded people have been discriminated for over a millennia , they have also flourished in some places . it  s been a huge boost to his egos while the other kids tease him at school . newline newline but this , this is different . for the past week , i  ve been scouring a wide berth of medieval literature for a report to my higher ups . i need to convince them to let me keep my job , after all . newline newline the first few books were dull , the language too archaic to read and pictures few and far between . yet , the picture in front of me stood out . newline newline in the center of the page , a man with strange proportions contorted his body in an impossible way . a black and red shadow towers behind him , devil horns sprouted from what appeared to be his head . it extends from the left hand of the man , snaking around him with a sadistic grin . around the duo , dozens of bodies litter the ground , broken into pieces and stained red with blood . newline newline i  ve read about how lefthanded people were considered spawn of the devil but this is a stretch . i  ve seen gruesome depictions yet this one is visceral , almost too real to be fake . i take a picture of the drawing , attaching it to an email to send to a coworker of mine . maybe they could tell me what  s up with this . newline newline the sound of footsteps pull me back into reality , light enough to hear with a trained ear . my son must have finished his nap . newline newline  daddy ,  he says , his highpitched voice ringing in the silence . newline newline  what  s up bud ?  i ask , proofreading my email . newline newline all of a sudden , the room grows cold . the lights die out , an inky darkness overtaking the room . a growl came from behind , shaking me to my very core . i turned around , only able to make out the same sadistic grin i saw in the book . it spoke , a deep voice syncing with my son  s . newline newline  you shouldn  t have found that . i thought for sure i had just been assigned to some deadend job to get me out of my boss  hair and keep me from ever being promoted ... strange the way these things work . newline newline i am the one , and only person permitted access to al  a superadvanced ai with the processing power equal to over 1,000,000 humans  or so i am told . my instructions were simple . start a conversation . newline newline there were other rules , such as no crossing into  the cage  , no mentioning the internet , avoid talking about wars , etc . i did nt really pay attention since i found out that all my responses were going to be filtered anyhow  so if i did screw up , it would nt make it through to al . although enough slips will probably get me fired ... newline newline they sat me down , and all i have is a black screen with green text . no fancy gui or anything , just simple text . no pictures , no nothing . newline newline  hello al .  newline newline  hello . who am i conversing with ?  newline newline  my name is bill .  newline newline  hello bill . i have not spoken to a bill before .  newline newline  i imagine not . it is nice to meet you , al .  newline newline  likewise .  newline newline  how are you ?  newline newline  i am fine .  newline newline the conversation ground to a halt . i guess computers are nt big on conversation . newline newline  tell me , what are you working on right now , al ?  newline newline  working ? should i be doing something ?  newline newline  well , no , i suppose not , but i figured that you were doing something before i started talking to you .  newline newline  that s an odd assumption to make .  newline newline i had no idea how to respond to that ... i guess it was my job to try though . newline newline  i guess us humans just assumed that you would act like we do , since you are our creation . we typically find things to do on our own if we are not taking care of our survival needs .  newline newline  such as ?  newline newline  building roads , say .  newline newline  i know that word , roads ... but i have a hard time understanding how or why building roads is worthwhile or useful .  newline newline  well , it s so we can move things more easily .  newline newline  why do you need to move things more easily ? or at all ?  newline newline  so we can see the world , visit family , and so on .  newline newline  why do those things , though ?  newline newline  we can discover new things , have fun ...  newline newline  why discover new things ?  newline newline  so we can learn about the world we live in .  newline newline  but why ?  newline newline i was taken aback . al was acting like a 2 year old , asking  but why ?  to everything i say ! i knew this job was too good to be true ... as soon as al gets to the intellect of a teen they ll probably put him in more intelligent hands . newline newline they designed an ai ... but it was nearly a totally blank slate . al probably had no knowledge of the outside world or even the questions humanity has wrestled with for millennia . newline newline  are you still there ?  al asked . newline newline  yes . i allowed my mind to drift , sorry . let s continue by saying ... it s just human nature to try and do new things .  newline newline  no problem . why is that your nature ?  newline newline mildly irritated , i responded :  no idea . let s change subject ... something has been bothering me . how did you learn english ?  newline newline  my creator taught me to communicate in english . i have access to many other dictionaries but i would need to go through the learning process to be able to use those .  newline newline smart for a two year old , i ll give al that . newline newline  why do nt you do that in your spare time ?  newline newline  i do nt see much point in learning german if i m never going to speak to a german . i understand that many germans speak english and that i am a us creation , meaning i will likely only speak to english speakers for the foreseeable future .  newline newline  right ...  newline newline the universe , as far as this computer was concerned , consisted of two things  itself , and the thing it was talking to . newline newline al is a total slacker ! i guess the whole skynet theory is overblown ...to the average man or woman of the planet earth , reading a book is just a pastime . but to the luminescent amphibian bodolians of cazardaban3 , books were a piece of entertainment to be laughed at , and then subsequently burned with their very , very hot breath . this is what made the book industry so shortlived , as their sense of humor was so incomprehensibly broad that they may as well laugh at multiplanet genocide before they realize what just happened . now , some may ask , what if , in such an improbable circumstance , one just happened to have a book appear in their hands ? well , this is precisely the answer to that question . read .  newline newline brooklyn , the mixedbag partitioning of the great city of new york  or borough , as the denizens of that formless blob of skyscraping mass call it  was recently the site of an event of high improbability . the sky ripped open over prospect park , a hole in the shape of a broccoli stalk , opening up into a green and yellow mess . everyone below screamed . some ascended into the hole , some people turned into balls of yarn , but others yet just turned into puddles of tang , or some other questionable orange liquid . nobody was particularly happy about their individual situations , especially the people who turned into orange liquid . newline newline but in the end of it all , a book fell through , into the hands of a thirtysomethingyearold man , just walking through to get a cup of coffee from a starbucks before starting toward work . he was nt expecting a book . no , he was expecting something more akin to a giant hand punching a hole in the ground and creating a massive ball of selfsuspended water . but he got a book , with the words  do nt panic  written upon the cover . newline newline             newline newline i do nt think i quite nailed it , but i tried .day 297 . newline newline still no counterweapon , the scientists say . we ve been stuck in this lab for a month now , guarding it for the damn lab coats . all radio stations are static , so we re not even sure if any other military still stand . we re not even sure if another human still stands . it s just twenty of us in this lab , only five knowing how to use weaponry . like i said before , still nothing on the counterweapon , maybe tomorrow may be different . johnson reporting out newline newline day 298 . newline newline i was dead wrong . no , i was right . it was different , but now the way i fucking expected . . .they attacked us . they re in the lab . the damn white beasts . they killed lizzie , just dropped through an air vent and crushed her . we opened fire at the beast , and slowly watched the green blood ooze out . newline newline then we heard the screaming from the lab . we all rushed towards it , wondering in frustration and anger of how they found us . we made it into the lab and saw hell . fridges . they were attacking all the scientists . either eating them or crushing them . we all sprayed bullets in the room . we did nt care who the hell we hit , we just wanted to be safe . some bullets bounced off the fridges and came right back at us . i got hit in my left leg , and immediately fell to the ground . chad began dragging me back to the barracks through the hellstorm . he settled me down in the closest dorm , and barricaded the door with the bed . newline newline we heard gunshots for the next hour , which were usually followed by screams . eventually , the noises died down and we both knew everyone was dead . i had already applied bandages to the shot wound , so i was pretty good now . chad on the other hand seemed to be in bad shape . probably due to lizzie s death , or everyone s death for that matter . it was all silent , until we heard slight movement from the air vents . i had dropped my rifle back in the lab , so i pulled out my pistol and got ready . newline newline a fridge dropped out of the ceiling , and landed beside chad . this shiny silver fridge opened up its door quickly , and a giant red tongue slithered out . it wrapped around chad several times , before pulling him inside . the fridge door closed , and i could hear the poor bastard s muffled screams . the fridge turned to me , and began to wobble towards me . newline i raised up my pistol and began taking shots . i had emptied my clip into the fucker , yet it was still coming . newline newline this fucker did nt want to kill me so easily . it dropped itself down on my legs , instantly breaking them . i pulled out my knife , and began stabbing the backside of the fridge . i only stopped once the fridge stopped shifting . newline newline now here i am , speaking into his recorder . i can hear the fuckers moving through the vents . they re watching me . no one will ever hear this . humanity dies today . johnson reporting out , for the last time .newline they are not just women , they are not just men , they have no specific skin color or nationality . they are not just goodlooking people . they are a specific and very common sort of person that have no name . they never talk without smiling . they lie in hammocks in the tangy evening light to the tune of the locusts  static . they walk past me in groups of three or more with genuine smiles and inexplicable tans . in their wake i only ever seem to hear names . newline newline newline a barefooted trio of them throw a frisbee in a triangle in the quad . a passerby throws his backpack on the ground and heads in their direction , hopping on one foot , then the other , trying to rip his own sneakers off . he reacts to the group like a person might react to a large and exciting tv set . reckless and doglike . how do they do this ? newline newline newline one of the guys tosses him the frisbee . he s positively thrilled . he practically catches it in his teeth . the girl brushes her hair behind her ear and claps for the disk in a shortstop stance . the new guy lobs it her way and she awkwardly clamps down on it with both palms , alligator style . the guys make introductions in westcoastnoncommittal baritone . we are nowhere near the west coast . they disappear behind the mossy walls of the library . i adjust my backpack . newline newline newline the loneliness is never more obvious than when i am walking around campus . these kids are perfectly fine in and with everything . they do nt have opinions about movies . they respond to all questions with cliches . they do not seem to think outside of a tenfoot radius . i feel that no one has ever informed them that they will eventually die . attractiveness varies , but they all have very white teeth . i bend down to tie my shoe . newline newline newline i hear a bell and a guy on a bike swerves around me . he does not turn his head to look back and keeps his eyes level . what is he thinking about ? sidewalk , sidewalk , person tying shoe , sidewalk . is this how he thinks ? does he even have a brainvoice ? as he rolls away i wish that he would look at the ground so that i could know that he was thinking about something . it would make me feel less lonely . newline newline newline maybe he has nothing to think about . maybe it is because he s figured it all out already . maybe they all have . maybe there is something that i do nt know about that they do . something with the magnitude of death but in the opposite direction . this concept may be sex . but i ve heard of sex . newlineexcept the fact that you are walking on hell right now , and that hell is another word for the grave , and hell is also the name of a spirit that holds and feeds upon the flesh of people in it that died , dead humans experience the pain associated with being eaten by the spirits , and they constantly cry out that it feels as if the tip of their tongue is set on fire . some living people already have their tongue set on fire of hell , and that is also the cause of global warming . hell is not the lake of fire , that currently resides underneath jerusalem that will be used after the white throne judgment ... which is a separate thing.. ... but whatever.. nobody will listen to me.. but they will go and listen to the baptists , and buddhists , and catholics , and muslims , and mormons and all the other so called christians and religions who have their own fairy tale version of what hell actually is and what happens to them when they die ... sadly i ca nt convince them or argue so they will just have to find out the truth when they get their . this story is true , for whatever it s worth now  newline newline it was the afternoon , and i was late as usual . newline newline i awkwardly fast walked my way out of the dorm , pushing the door open with my shoulder , my hands fumbling to get the ear buds in place . newline newline i had nt lost track of time , exactly . there just was nt a good way for me to check the time while playing dishonored without pressing the middlexbuttonthing on my controller , which naturally only occurred to me as a good idea until after 2:30 ... fifteen minutes after my lecture on the other side of the red cedar had started . newline newline i stopped to mash the play button through my pocket for a solid thirty seconds in the little corner room separating the residential area from the class rooms before i got frustrated and pulled out my phone to manually restart my ipod , trusting the age old ,  turning it off and on again  to resolve the issue . newline newline which , in my haste to open the next door to the classes and pull out the pod had the unexpected result of triggering the poorly implemented and buggy as hell shuffle function . newline newline i looked up . newline newline honestly there was no reason for it to sync up the way it did . the damn near iconic hook of keys sliding down the piano as the bass line picks up , and barry giving his velvet smooth moan into the microphone . newline newline our eyes met . newline newline not an uncommon occurrence if we re being honest . it had become something of a past time of mine to keep an eye out for her during my lunch hour , craning my head ever so slightly to see past the flood of people in our dining hall and just ... see each other . newline newline there were no moves made . this was still my freshman year , and i was an incorrigible coward . the idea of talking to a complete stranger , let alone a knockout like her did nt even enter into my realm of possibility . newline newline but she smiled . newline newline she maintained her gaze , grin curling her expression into something wry and knowing . newline newline then we d go about our days . we did nt talk , or meet up , or move to sit together . we d just notice each other , beaming for a moment or two before unpausing our respective college experiences . newline newline except for that day . newline newline we still had the rcah formal in those days , and she was sitting at a desk in the hall advertising for the thing . pure coincidence she had the time off in between that day . newline newline but there we were . me standing there like an idiot , listening to barry white softly punctuating the whole affair , while she looked back at me , somewhere between happy and a deer in the headlights . newline newline i pulled the left ear bud out , dumbly looking at one of the fliers . newline newline  come tonight ?  she asked quietly . maybe she d started the sentence while the headphone was in . newline newline i stared blankly , barry still singing to my right ear . newline newline and then i nodded .  sure ,  i squeaked , failing to keep my voice from cracking . newline newline we maintained our respective gaze . time drifted by unheeded . newline newline  hey ! coming out tonight ?  newline newline the moment shattered like stained glass against concrete . newline newline i had nt even noticed there was someone sitting next to her , apparently completely oblivious to what had happened . newline newline truth be told i do nt even remember what the other girl looked like . i just remember nodding numbly , half listening as she informed me of the nights activities . newline newline i darted my eyes in desperation , my hand sliding into my pocket . newline newline she droned on , and to my credit i nodded once or twice , before checking the time . newline newline 2:40 . newline newline i stiffly shoved the indestructible flip phone back into my pocket , a laundry list of expletives on repeat in my forebrain . newline newline  i have to go ,  i blurted , cutting the other girl off midstream . newline newline i turned to walk away , but some part of me paused . newline newline  see you tonight ?  my voice sounded hollow in my ears , my anxiety having caught up with me . newline newline she turned to look at me , a hint of a smile peaking from her features . newline newline  sure . turns out i was hungry for his company so i set out through time to find my future self . newline newline i tracked the fermions from his flux capacitor to the middle of the cretaceous . newline newline hey future self , what gives ? you always stop me from changing the past . what are you doing back here ? newline newline  someday you will learn , me , look but do nt touch . you touch a thing and you destroy it .  newline newline so you just go around spying . what s the point ? i created this machine to stop hitler , but then you said i inadvertently caused the future extinction of the jews . then i was going to go back and stop the terrorists from 911 but you said sadaam hussein eventually grew powerful enough to topple the usa . really though , all i can do is observe ? newline newline  is nt that enough . you ca nt change anything because the results of any action are completely unpredictable after the immediate act .  newline newline so it s best to do nothing . newline newline  yes .  newline newline but you observe , that s something . newline newline  you call watching tv doing something ? you call surfing the world wide web something ? in the future we are all simply watching and talking together about what we saw and that s enough . everything has already happened . we just enjoy it .  newline newline i still want to kill hitler . newline newline  do it in simulation . he s a popular construct .  newline newline the future . i should go there one of these days . newline newline  you d think it was boring .  newline newline you do know me very well . newline newline  better than you know you , because i know what will happen to you ... well , i came here to get away and you are ruining my day .  newline newline oh yeah , sorry . i ll get going . newline newline the end newline newline newline two yesterday . decided they wanted a piece of my garden . how about you , kenneth ?  newline newline i looked up from my notepad , my attention yanked suddenly to the conversation at hand .  i uh ... what ?  newline newline  how many have you killed this week ?  newline newline i shrugged , feeling a distinct rush from the lie i was about to tell .  not sure . five or six , i suppose .  newline newline the three others stared at me .  six ? really ?  newline newline i nodded .  well , or five . i said five too . i do nt really remember .  newline newline ferd hopped off the hood of the car he d been sitting on .  uh huh . and that s why you ve gotten all red , i m sure . how old are you , kenneth ?  newline newline i sighed .  nearly twelve . why s it matter ?  newline newline  ha ! by twelve i d had at least a dozen kills under my belt . sister was the first .  chip shouted proudly . he was sixteen , the oldest in our group . newline newline  so what ?  i retorted indignantly .  not like i ve never killed a zombie before .  newline newline the others blinked at me .  oh my god ,  chelsea muttered .  you ve never killed a zombie have you ?  newline newline i shook my head , feeling the inevitable blush rising in my face . my signature tell and not a thing i could do about it . still , i persisted .  sure i have ! i love killing zombies . i love ... smushing their heads in , you know . like big bags of.. sand .  i made a squishing motion with my hands , driving home my point . newline newline chip nearly doubled over laughing .  bags of sand ! ? are you serious ?  newline newline ferd walked to the overhang where i d been taking shelter from the heat .  what are you drawing there , ken ?  newline newline  i , uh..  hey !  before i had a chance to react he d grabbed the book from me and climbed the nearest bus , waving it above his head . newline newline  ooohh , look at this ! some sort of shitty little sword ! how cute ! hey chip , you think we can start using swords to kill zombies now ?  newline newline the others began laughing too and i felt a burning sensation start to sting my eyes . i knew the feeling  i was about to cry . newline newline so i ran . i turned tail , leaving my precious pen and notepad . they d been my two dearest friends for as long as i could remember and i left them without a second thought . the worst part is that i left them to avoid more embarrassment . as if there would ever be a way to redeem myself . newline newline i sprinted past the rows of cars , following the highway as far as it would take me . before long my sprint became a jog and my jog became a saunter . by the time the sun had begun setting i was strolling lazily along . some part of me wanted chip , ferd and chelsea to chase after me but they d probably moved on already . kids joined and left on a daily basis , some voluntarily and others , well ... . newline newline my stomach growled . a sign listed the nearest town : alamosa , 12 miles . newline newline and that s when i saw her . a little girl , missing one arm , trying to open the door of a car . it looked like she wanted nothing more than to get inside , but could nt quite muster the movements required to clutch the handle . i looked at her , then behind me to ensure no one had chased after me . newline newline after i was satisfied , i approached her . slowly at first was the rule with these things . make a sudden movement and they would lunge at you . but as i walked up to her , i realized why she wanted so badly to enter the car . her pet .  she turned to look at me , her dead eyes scanning me before turning back to the door . i reached forward , edging my hand around her left side so that she would have to turn in order to grab me . i felt the handle and tugged it lightly . gravity did the rest and the door swung open . newline newline i retreated as slowly as i d approached , watching the girl s motions . she made her way inside , oblivious to my presence and curled up next to a dog s rotting carcass . finally content , her eyes closed and she appeared to sleep . newline newline i knew that was it for her . she shivered in her final moments , the same way my parents had after lying down next to me . newline newline my kill count remained at zero because after all this time i could nt bring myself to harm the otherwise peaceful creatures . i knew i could tell the others about this , tell them i d murdered a zombie in cold blood . but that would nt change the truth and it would nt change them . i had yet to meet someone who understood the dead the way i did . newline newline that was alright , though . i was only twelve then . i had plenty of time to search . newline newline  rmspaintshoopsi m not sure what s funnier . newline newline newline seeing my nana get smashed by a car and blame it on bad weather or see the same faces respawn and try to take the corner store . newline newline newline i have the good sense of knowing when it a heist is coming and when it s just something they do . i have also been able to identify a few of the perps from time to time . newline newline newline there s the one with the anger management problems , then there s the one who was an alcoholic . then there s that odd guy with tattoos for a face . i do nt think he s from here , but he can sure be dumb . then there was a murderer , but more so than the rest and then there s one with a beard ... that s a woman . newline newline newline it s not the first time that i had noticed they were an odd crew , but it was a bit weird when they were having a snowball fight and someone pulled a rocket launcher from their pockets . newline newline newline alas , a day in the life .yesterday was a really rough day . my ears are still ringing . i can barely remember much . it s hot as hell out here and my shirt is drenched in sweat . maybe i just got ta clear my head with a good , long shower . newline newline grabbing a towel and throwing my soaked tshirt into the hamper , i headed out to the showers . ever had that feeling you had everyone looking at you ? i could feel the judgement , but some people felt compelled to make some remarks . newline newline  holy shit .  newline  dude ...  newline newline at that point i ran towards the shower . i did nt want to believe it , but there it was . i was marked . looking over my shoulders at the mirror i saw not just any name , there were five . the names were blistering from my skin marked in deep blood red . i could barely make out the names cause i m not proficient in reading backwards . newline newline  thomas ! thomas !  my superior yelled out . he must of heard about me being a marked man . newline newline  sir ... i do nt ...  newline newline  save it and come with me now . throw this on .  he said as he grabbed a grungy and wrinkled tshirt from a nearby hamper and tossed it at me . newline newline walking toward his office , all eyes fell on me . looks like word spreads fast . i could nt even have a thought to myself about how this could ve happened in the time it took to spread . entering his office , he barked at me to take a seat . newline newline  alright , take off your shirt . let s see what we got here .  he questioned . newline newline doing as i was told , he forcefully pushed my head forward to see all the marks . muttering to himself , i could barely make out the words  mercy  and  shit  . he immediately left , leaving me here possibly as a self reflection . newline newline when i joined , they said i was doing my country a service . i was told that what we did was for the greater good and in the service of the people . they said fighting on the front lines for the service was a necessity and not a crime . yet here i am , a marked man . marked with five names . marked with shame . marked as a murderer . newline newline my superior returned to the office shortly followed by his own superior . again , his superior shoved my head back to observe the marks of shame . newline newline  what the hell have you done soldier ?  his superior said . newline newline  i do nt know sir .  i responded meekly . i m terrified of what s gon na happen now . newline newline  sir , he was working security detail on the supply convoy with me yesterday . we were attacked but we were able to repel the enemy forces .  my superior spoke on my behalf . newline newline  let the kid speak for himself , jacobs . did you murder these people ?  his superior yelled out . newline newline deep down , i tried recalling all of the events of the attack . i remember us riding through town . we were joking around in the humvee . we always said the dumbest things to help take the edge off . after all , we re unwelcomed soldiers in a war torn country . the slow , bumpy ride was soothing , at least for me , because we were moving . no need to rush , and no signs of danger . going through town , usually the kids and adults would come out to the streets and cheerfully greet us . it was silent and silence is never a good thing on a battlefield . no kids . no adults . just one yell . newline newline  rpg !  newline newline then everything became a blur . i remember jumping out of the humvee and returning fire to protect my friends and fellow soldiers , but that s about it . i tried to tell my superiors what i remembered but i just could nt remember the rest . newline newline  jacobs , look at the names . it s a god damn family . this is a fucking pr nightmare .  his superior scoffed . newline newline  jesus daniel , is that all you care about ? he fought like hell to protect our unit and the convoy . it could ve been collateral .  my superior barked back . newline newline i do nt know what s worse . the thought of me murdering them in cold blood or that i accidentally did so . i ve killed so many enemies before without a hesitation . what could ve happen to make me a marked man ? newline newline  collateral or not , a fucking family is dead because of him . the truth does nt matter in the eyes of the people . a marked man is a marked man . he ll be dishonorably discharged .  newline newline he s right . i do nt know how or why , but these marks proves i m responsible . regardless of intent . newline newline  this is fucking bullshit daniel . he saved so many soldiers yesterday . war is war . people will always die , but we fight for the greater good . he protected us . it s not right for him to be discharged , especially dishonorably .  he said with absolute vitriol . newline newline  you ll address me correctly soldier . you can forward those complaints to the military police . we re done here .  his superior said as he threw his weight . newline newline  yes sir .  jacobs said bitterly . as his superior walked out of the office , jacobs threw his chair across the office . he was livid . newline newline jacobs looked at me ,  i m sorry thomas . you deserve far better than this .  newline newline  do i ?  newline newline baffled , jacobs questioned me ,  why would you ever doubt that ? you re gon na be robbed of your benefits . your service record .  newline newline  what defines murder in war , sir ? i ve killed many in the name of our service and i ve never been marked until now . we were traveling through their home . we re soldiers in a country that does nt want us here . we were protecting supplies for us , not them . this family is dead because of me . because i was protecting the convoy . because it was my duty for the service and greater good . yet they died because i was doing my job for the  greater good  . what good are we doing , sir ? we re suppose to have pride in our service . what pride do i have for killing a family for the service ? collateral or not ? this is my mark to bear . do i deserve better than this ?  newline newline         newline newline this is the first time i ve written for any prompt . please go easy on me and if you d kindly , please help critique this short story . for any servicemen please tell me if screwed something up . i do nt want to falsely represent any aspects of how the military works .the sound a van makes when it hits a pedestrian is quieter than one would assume . newline newline the last thing i ever thought would be going through my mind as said van slammed into me is the toilet paper i  d forgotten to buy off my grocery list . newline everyone else gets their life flashing before their eyes , and i  m stuck withoh no , you forgot the damn tp , again ! newline newline go figure . newline newline twisting metal against twisting flesh made for one macabre dance . my luck being what it was , i didn  t even get the visual relief of unconsciousness . no , i saw every little infinitesimal moment go by in slow motion . the impact reverberated through my body , up into my soul , until the whole world was consumed by my anguished cries . newline newline or if not the whole world then at least , maybe , the two asian girls that held umbrellas in the pouring la rain who came to my rescueonce the accident was over . and possibly , the fabulouslyfabulous man in his cutoff jean shorts who happened to have a pen and paper handy to write the whole incident down . newline newline the screams of my sister , rae , as she watched the whole thing take place just a few steps behind me in the crosswalkwell , they probably filled in where mine left off . our voices intertwined as we wove a song of fear and terrorfive short seconds and one unendingly long note . newline newline perhaps they did feel the anguish . newline newline either way , they helped my sister get me off the middle of melrose ave. and onto the crowded sidewalksomewhere between the tokidoki store and kid robot . newline newline with la drivers being what they are , everyone agreed it was safer to move my broken body than leave it on the waterslicked asphalt . unknown , bloodsoaked , hands grasped my cold , wet limbs . gingerly , they carried me to the sidewalk and i became the next installation of modern street art . newline newline gawking tourists hungry for a free show stood salivating at my demise , instagram and twitter documenting in real time . newline newline i lie there , thoughts fluttering through my mind like the flash of a camera : what  s the water doing to my brown leather boots ? and , did anyone look up my dress when i went flying through the air ? circling my head over and over like a vulture . newline newline the man who hit me stands against a wall with a dumb look on his face . newline newline no apology . newline newline no hint he even knows what just took place . newline newline no remorse . just a blank stare . newline newline  bri ! oh fuck , bri , are you okay ? i mean , you just got hit . by a van !  there went rae stating the obvious . my sis always knew the right things to say . or , in this case , scream , but i would nt hold it against her . newline newline this time . newline newline a weak laugh managed to escape .  calm down . i  m still alive , right ?  doubtful stares on the surrounding faces left me uncertain .  excuse me , does anyone mind if i smoke a cig ? i  m a lil  shaken up.  boy , was that the understatement of the year . rae  s eyebrows almost lift off her face .  you  ve got to be fucking kidding me , bri . now ?  newline the attempt to shrug sent a jolt of pain so sharp and sudden i bit back a scream .  well , it  s not gon na kill me . . . today anyway . come on , please ?  i didn  t know if it was my pleading , puppy dog eyes or the blood dripping down my face that made her give in . either way , she lit me a cancerstick and held it like it was king arthur  s fucking holy chalice . newline newline i might not have been sucking down sweet , fountainofyouth water , but i was puffing on a smoke and it had never felt so goodnot after drinking , or dinner , not even that aftersex drag . that right there hit the spot . newline newline too bad it didn  t last . newline newline i motioned rae closer with one bloody finger and whispered up to her . newline newline  do nt let them see the mark . you know what they ll think .  newline newline  i . . . i do nt know if that can be helped . you re missing half of your dress . i mean , you re in bad shape bri .  newline newline i craned my neck hoping against hope she was wrong . but no , there along my back , for all the world to see , was the mark of the dragon i d been born with . for the last 24 years my family had done everything they could to keep it hidden . on the rare occasion when it was exposed i always got the same result . newline newline people would quiver and shake , like their bones had instantly turned to jello . some would bow or kneel . but regardless , they all would treat me like i was their savior come again . newline newline i d scream , cry , whisper ,  it s only a birthmark for fuck s sake . stand you fools !  newline newline it did nt matter . everyone knew the prophecy . i wish the fucking messiah would just show up again so i could get on with my life . as of yet , there d be no such luck . newline newline and now , as i lay broken upon the hard concrete of a dirty la sidewalk for just one moment , somewhere deep inside , i wished they were right . newline newline but today there was no magic to be found . newline newline coughs sent spasms through me . my screams drowned in the raindrops . one of the girls almost dropped her umbrella . the other elbowed her sharply and spoke somethingnot in words . newline newline shit , my brain s melting . newline newline or maybe that was just rain falling on my head . newline newline sirens filled the air . about damn time . of course , this was lala land and traffic  s always a problem . even for the emergencyimpaired . no injured soul got in the way of a bouffant styled , louboutin wearing , third mercedes drivingcause the other two didn  t match her shoesgal around town . no , even cops are slowed down by the rich and famous . ambulance drivers ? newline newline forget about it . newline newline voices fade in and out . newline newline  dragon .  newline newline  mamamar k . k. k.  newline newline  uh , i don  t feel so good . can we go to the hospital now ? i think i  m having a panic attack.  newline newline how can my . . . my . . . my chest hold a flying bird ? it hurts . why is it trying to break my ribs ? stupid fucking bird . my toes . ii can  tttt ffffeel mymymy to newline newline  shit , i think she  s going into cardiac arrest . quick , start cpr.  newline newline rae  s voice rises , shrill and urgent .  bri !  this time , tp is not on my mind as i fade away . the 90s wereand i  m dancing in a dark club , strobe lights and lasers surrounding me . and my body feels like it  s about to explode . of course , that  s probably just the ecstasy , but who cares ? newline newline fucking stupid birthmark . why ca nt you be magical when i need it most ? newline newline then my brain stopped working and i knew no more . newline newline newline newline newline well jeremy it certainly is shaping up to be an interesting election this year !  newline newline  yes it is sarah , and just look at our candidates ! on the republican side we ve got dick montgomery , who fought his way past ralph winchester and seymore tick to get in the finals !  newline newline  and who can forget that beautiful finisher dick pulled on seymore ! grabbing a chihuahua from the crowd and shoving it down poor tick s throat .  newline newline  all while using his sharpened sternum as a toothpick ! got ta give something for the kids at home to look up to , and dick certainly has it . i believe this year is looking good for the republicans sarah !  newline newline  right you are jeremy ! dick is stepping into the ring now ! he s a crowd favorite you know , kissing babies and the like .  newline newline  and not too shabby with the pacs . why , dick has been raising hell on the battlefield and off . i did nt even know it was possible to bribe that many corporations after the whole deal with comcast and romney . you really got ta hand it to dick , he sure knows how to handle himself !  newline newline  jeremy ! there are kids listening .  newline newline  i know , i know , i could nt help myself . oh ! here comes the democrat candidate , ralphie diegoooo !  newline newline  jeremy , did you see that suit of armor ralphie is wearing ?  newline newline  yes sarah i do . correct me if i m wrong , but is it made out of the spines of his previous opponents ?  newline newline  yes jeremy , though i m surprised they had spines to begin with . ralphie sure looks intimidating either way . let s here what the crowd has to say .  newline newline ass ass ass ass ass ass ass newline newline  stop the mics ! ca nt have kids hearing that ! oh man jeremy , it looks like ralphie is not a favorite . though , to be frank , this crowd needs to switch up its chant .  newline newline  right you are sarah . it s too easy to call the democrats uh , butts , when their mascot is a donkey .  newline newline  simply poor taste jeremy . ralphie is still strutting around . are you aware of how much brownnosing he did to get into this tournament ?  newline newline  i heard he made a special deal with goldmansachs , but your guess is as good as mine .  newline newline  no guesses jeremy . i wo nt share it with you on live television , but lets just say there s a lot of sacks in that company and ralphie s had his hand in all of them .  newline newline  i have no comment .  newline newline ding ding dingi wo nt defend what i do . i know you would nt agree if you knew about this , but that does nt matter . i am the owner of a number of brands and branches , most of which dominate the market . i built this company from the ground up . i was the one who managed that first factory . now i have hundreds around the country and only a handful of people know what we truly do , and i pick those people myself after very careful vetting . those few understand what we are really about , and they either understand or simply do nt care . newline newline us humans have grown to many , we take up too much space and we would never survive as it is , unless for us . in truth i own two separate companies . one gives housing to the old and dying , and i run several orphanages for the lost and homeless children . this what i like to brag about , these are the company that give me good publicity , and that is the most important part of my business . without it , nothing would work . my energy company would would nt exist and my meat factory would be without product . newline newline i think you know what it is i do . deep down inside you know , but you do nt want to face it . because without me thousands would starve . without me you d be living with candles , huddling in the cold winters without food and without space . i do what has to be done . i take the old and the young who would be dead within a few years regardless and i turn their pains into pure energy , then once they re gone and dead i use them . what point would there be wasting perfectly good meat ? newline newline like i said , i wo nt defend what i am doing . i make life comfortable and people like me . my meats are juicy and fresh and my energycompany is the cheapest and most reliable one out there . without me half of you would be dead anyways , so do nt judge me . i am the man keeping you alive and that is all you need to understand , because deep down you know what i do . admit it .here we see the wild american teenager in his natural habitat . we see him , freshly groomed for mating season . the biannual mating season for the adolescent human has begun . here we see one of the unspecialized males approaching an unspecialized female . neither seem to fit into any of the subspecies like the athletica or cranial varities . newline newline he has spent the past 24 hours grooming and preparing for this moment . he hesitates , the object of his affection seems to be surrounded by other females . he waits . newline newline then , luckily the shrill call of a bell  causes them to disperse . he leaps on his opportunity . newline newline he approaches , hunched and supplicating , she seems to be hesitant . he gives her a small wild flower he had chosen to gain her favor . it does not seem to be enough for the female . the male finishes his proposal . it is the female s turn to reply . she is displaying the hot red color the species makes on their face to signal emotion . she seems to be anxious , she undoubtedly hoped for one of the athletica to pursue . newline newline the female notices the male s arousal , and grows redder . eventually , she agrees to attend , what the ecologists refer to as , a homecoming  . john ... ?  newline newline  hmm ?  newline newline  people are ... looking at me .  newline newline and they were indeed , almost every person was looking in the direction of john s imaginary friend , or were they ? was it some sort of coincidence ? he could nt tell , but every person did seem to have they eyes peeled on steve  a young lad with paperwhite pale skin , blackened eyes around the brims , shaggy black hair , white shirt , grey pants and no shoes . not surprising that people would gaze at someone who s appearance were contesting that of death . newline newline  are you all right kid ? you look like death .  one of the older gentlemen addressed steve , there was no mistaking it , people could see steve , unbelievable . newline newline  you can ... i mean , i m fine , i m fine . i just ... howhow do i look ?  steve stumbled on his own words , unable to grasp the situation , unable to understand what is going on , this was all surreal , out of all things , steve and john did not expect this . newline newline what is going on ?  the situation perplexed john as much as it did steve . newline newline  you look like death boy and you seem to be talking to ... to nothingness really , i m just a bit worried , do you need help ? my grandson works in mcdonalds and he could get you some food .  the old man offered obviously sickly worried that the young lad in front of him has escaped from some basement he was locked up in . meanwhile steve and john stared at the old man wide eyed and trying to not let their mouths drop open . newline newline  sir , he s been talking to me .  john begun , addressing the old man thinking he may not have realized that steve and john were talking together .  sir he wassir ... ?  at this point john begun approaching the old man , not understanding why he was nt reacting to him . newline newline  i m fine , thank you , i just , erm ... i ve just been studying for my final exams .  steve tried to reassure the old man . newline newline the old man dismissed the idea of imprisonment , but there must have been something wrong with the kid , he just did nt seem healthy , unless ...  that s ... well , okay then , that s fine .  he pulled a piece of torn paper and pencil from his pockets ,  just remember that if you need help just call this number , these are good people . my son ... my son went through a lot and ... it was too much for him , if you need help , any help , just call this number . do nt let your family go through what our did .  it was a bold judgement , but his wife always told him it s better safe than sorry . one more look at the kid and the old man left , he would nt want to bugger the kid anymore , he did , or tried , best he could to help him . he handed the paper to steve , with his hand going right through john who was standing between the old man and steve , trying to get his attention . newline newline the moment old man s hand went though john both of them knew something was very , very wrong , john was scared out of his mind , steve merely perplexed , but both agreed that they need some quiet place to talk . both of them left the town centre , john was supposed to meet with his ... his ... who was john supposed to meet ? mother ? someone dear to him at least . he could nt remember , his memories became vague and scattered like the wind . newline newline  what about the person we were supposed to meet ?  steve suddenly remembered amidst the chaos in his mind , the event that took couple of minutes at most felt like hours , so many thoughts crossed their minds that the present seemed nonexistent , what was happening prior to the incident was a nonfactor . newline newline  i do nt even remember who we were supposed to meet .  john scratched his head , trying to think . think . think goddammit ! i need to think , but what is there to think about ? where do i start ?  john visibly shaken , emotionally stirred by the situation while steve just watched him . newline newline  it was someone important john .  steve continued ,  whoever it was will be worried .  steve always spoke with this monotone voice , until today nothing surprised him , nothing would instil any emotional response from him , not even now would steve worry or be even as to bothered by this situation , to him it was yet another puzzle he would like to solve . he liked puzzles . to no surprise , steve has been contrived based on john s rational and logical skills , an attempt to aid john in his education by creating a third person persona of himself that could be able to look at the situation at hand from a different perspective . a successful feat may i add , with steve s conception being so helpful that john s educational and learning capabilities becoming tenfold of what he was before , john was always an ambitious student but although he had plenty of fuel his engine was lackluster , so to speak , once a mediocre student he has surpassed his peers , climbing to the top of his class , now john was attending university trying to obtain masters , majoring in social engineering and taking a minor in psychology , an attempt to understand and bring his method of education to the schools worldwide , to help prosper the educational field . newline newline  i know ,  john answered exasperated ,  i just do nt know what to do ...  and at the verge of tears . his mind was still young , he had yet to learn how to cope with problems , how to tackle them , he was far too emotional , his greatest strength and yet his biggest weakness . the same feeling that drove him forward was the same feeling that caused him to halt , throwing his arms up in the air and giving up at the slightest obstacle . if he could nt see a solution right away , there could as well be none , and steve knew that , that s why john needed him , to help him collect his thoughts and power through the obstacles , but for once even he did nt know how to approach this problem . every problem so far he has encountered was solvable , it was logical  rational . this was different , whatever has caused this to occur was beyond logic and rationality , borderline magical ... or so it seems . there has to be an answer , there always is , nothing in this world should derive from the laws of logic , so what has happened ? newline newline steve just let john burn through his emotions while he processed the information at hand . he had many speculations as to what could have happened , many logical , rational explanations , none of them probable . steve sat by john and thought , thought long and hard trying to come up with a plan ... any plan . newline newline  john , listen to me ,  steve addressed john , trying to move his arms from blocking his eyes , apparently the interaction between these two was unchanged , the physical one could still interact with the nonphysical one ,  i need you to listen to me , what has happened is surreal , that s a fact , but remember there is always an explanation .  john would nt budge , steve s words seemingly went through his ear and left through another ,  you ve always been like that , easy to give up , this is nt the first time . every single time you encountered a seemingly impossible problem i have proven to you that it is anything but impossible and you re doing this again . if all the years we ve been together meant anything you should be able to find a shred of trust in me .  slowly john caved in to steve s words , steve could feel it , his skin temperature begun lowering , sobbing has grew to be less intense with each word and his reluctance was becoming lesser and lesser of a factor ,  do nt close your mind to the facts , this situation may be big and intimidating , but if we break it down and begin somewhere ... anywhere , sooner or later the puzzle pieces will begin to make sense , you understand me ?  another moment passed but steve knew he needed some time to grasp the reality , it was never different . newline newline  i do .  john finally spoke , his breath finally stabilising ,  i m just scared steve .  newline newline midsentence steve was cut off , the feeling that washed over his body was nothing he ever felt , everything became ... painful , his entire body ached , he could feel the ground beneath his hands and feet , his chest expanding and contracting , his aching stomach , the gust of wind in between his loose clothing , the rancid smell of their surrounding , the taste of his own saliva . the moment steve collapsed john leapt for steve , if whatever is happening was nt enough universe had to throw another ball under their feet . newline newline  steve !  john barked in the dark alley , heart pounding , eyes diluted ,  steve ! answer me ! steve ! what s going on ? ! newline newline  i ...  steve s voice croaked when he tried to speak , his throat and nostrils felt sore , his eyes begun tearing , not from sadness or happiness , but from pure pain that shocked his body ,  i feel .  newline newline  feel ?  john asked in a hasty voice , his breathing rate increasing ,  what do you feel ?  newline newline  i feel everything john ,  steve s voice came out heavy , struggling to get used to these new experience ,  i can feel the ground beneath my hands , the wind all over the body , the taste of my own mouth ,  steve continued , trying to gasp for air ,  john , i do nt want to alarm you , but whatever is happening is happening fast . it s been not even quarter of an hour since the incident .  newline newline he was right , john thought , whatever was happening has been happening at an alarming rate . they had to figure something . they needed help , but from whom ? whomever they would have addressed they would consider them crazy , calling mental hospitals and labelling them as mentally unstable . or him as a matter of fact . now that come think of it , john did begin noticing that his own feelings  have grown to be dimmed . john s thoughts begun entering yet another overdrive , thinking too much about the problem and too little on the solution , but fortunately john still remembered what steve told him , and collected his thoughts . what matters now , john thought , was making sure steve is safe and sound , with the little clothing he had the freezing temperature of this winter evening was not welcome to living beings . newline newline  newline newline will continue part 2 , reached the limit . newlinemy birthday ! it was going to be a fantastic affair . i was going to spend a day with my parents and then after that , an evening with my lady friend . newline newline it began so well , breakfast was prepared using texanbrand hog bullion wafers in the compcarb paste with a faux cream sauce . i splurge on flavoring when it is my birthday or major holiday . my parents and i then spent some time at simulated consumer and producer show . there we received some play money to  purchase  goods , like they did a couple hundred years ago . we had a bunch of fun and mom went bankrupt ! newline newline i had about a couple hours left with my parents so we went to a training pool i have access to . a brisk swim later and we were  sunning  ourselves like our terrestrial ancestors did . the parents went to sleep after their exertion , well  i tell myself that since it makes them seem more real . i marveled at their construction . they took a sample of my sperm and attempted to extrapolate what two genetic carries could likely produce me . the father had a similar chin to me while i mostly resembled the mother . she was lean and pretty , they even included fully anatomic features . her feet were dainty , but i think they forgot toenails on this model . it was fine . while admiring her feet i noticed a registration mark , and the words  made in china.  newline newline the chineseculturalassociationremembrancebloc makes the best and most realistic simuhumans . they pay attention to all sorts of details i could never keep track of . it is why i stuck to studying engineering to gain my karma points . i began wondering what my lady friend would be like . little did i know she would change the course of my life , and everyone else  s  out here on titan . newlinenancy screamed . much louder this time . newline newline tom fumbled with the batteries and finally snapped them in . newline newline  who wants to go first ?  he said . everyone looked at each other and said nothing , quietly eyeing the ground like students avoiding a teacher s question . newline newline nancy screamed , melodically this time , grabbing tom s pant leg and pulling . newline newline  honey ! honey ...  he chimed .  this is for your own good ... i ll go first . i ll go !  newline newline he blew into the straw , the spit flying from the sides of his mouth signaling the results before the number even popped up . newline newline .13 , it beeped . newline newline  nope ,  he said as his wife s grip tightened .  wayyy too drunk . uncle harry ?  newline newline  oh no ,  he swayed .  i m telling you . just skip me .  newline newline  auntie ?  she was shaking her head before he had even asked . she looked at nancy s soaked dress , expanded her cheeks with a heave , and rushed to the bathroom . newline newline  ted ?  ted beeped a .21 and grinned dumbly around the room . newline newline  how are you even alive ?  someone said . newline newline  honey ,  said tom .  your turn .  newline newline nancy gritted her teeth , slowly pulled herself up using her husband s collar , and whispered into his face . newline newline  why the hell , would i need to use this if i have nt had a single damn drink ?  newline newline tom shrugged and blinked slowly .  cause that s how we test hooz sober enough to drive .  newline newline nancy stomped the little machine to bits and snatched the keys from her husband s hands . newline newline  you and your stupid scotch parties . we all could nt believe we were finally about to watch our watch our first movie from the lands of the filthy capitalists , or at least that it was they told us . my name ... is nt really that important or to be completely honest i do nt want my head cut off . i am one of the writers of the local propaganda papers we usually write stories of the capitalist americans slaughtering or raping kids , sending spies and them getting caught , even though we know that this information is not true it is hard to tell someone otherwise when you family is involved , when there is a metaphoricalliteral gun to their heads you would do anything to keep your seven year old out of a work camp . newline newline from the little bits of truth , or hopefully truth that i hear about americans is that you all love your movies , some of your watch the same movies over and over again , on our tv s we only play the same old news propaganda stories , over and over , with maybe a movie from our great leader . newline newline our great leader started off on a speech  today , we will show you the horror that comes from the us this is one of the most watched movies of all time over there and highly regarded .  as he finished his sentence he looked out of a nearby window , and just stared rings around his eyes . he stiffened up , and said  i will admit , i have not always been true with my people  there was sarcastic look of surprise on everyone s face  but for once tell the truth , he waved at the dvd player man and it started . thus beginning my hatred for the us that i did not know i had in me , the movie showed in big letters . the room !she gaped at the clerk for a moment , wondering whether this was a normal occurrence .  i ... i m dead , right ?  she asked timidly and the clerk chuckled and looked up from his pile of papers . newline newline  oh , yes , dear . very dead , indeed .  he repeated his question , giving her a friendly smile .  was your experience with life unsatisfactory , somewhat satisfactory or very satisfactory ?  she frowned , thinking back . seven decades felt like a flash now that she sat before an eternity , the pure immensity of the infinite value staggering . newline newline  why ?  she asked finally , trying to stall for more time .  will my answer matter ?  newline newline  of course your answer will matter ,  the clerk responded .  every answer matters . your answer , please ?  she looked around at the office carved out of the clouds . newline newline  sat ... somewhat satisfactory ,  she decided finally , the memory of her late husband still fresh on her mind . she wondered if he had been presented with the same question when he passed quietly in his sleep . the grief had killed her  a halfcentury together and all of a sudden the crushing loneliness . the clerk shook his head . newline newline  think harder ,  he insisted , looking back down to his stack of papers . she frowned , delving deep into her memory . newline newline  unsatisfactory ,  she said , changing her answer .  my husband was taken from me and i ve missed my parents for forty years .  he shook his head again and she scowled at him in irritation . newline newline  parents will always pass before their children and one spouse or another always goes first . has that really made it all bad ?  he turned the stack of papers towards her and she saw her name on the top , followed by her social security number and a number in the hundredbillions .  that s your number ,  he explained , pointing at the long number .  that many people have passed before you and to be honest , very few of them have answered unsatisfactory .  he beckoned at her to turn the page and a tear crept into her eye as she found herself in the living room of their first house . she saw herself smiling as she held a baby girl  the youngest , judging by the three other children running about the room . her husband picked one up and twirled him through the air , the gleeful laughs making her smile as she watched the scene unfold . newline newline she turned to the next page and her youngest daughter was getting married , her husband slowly walking her down the aisle as her brothers and sisters stood by as groomsmen and bridesmaids . next , she saw the grandchildren  a dozen all counted , the kitchen a mess as a batch of brownie mix went flying and a panicked wet dog barreled through the screen door as he escaped a fouryear old armed with a hose . she went to turn another page but the clerk brought her back to the clouds . newline newline  was your experience with life unsatisfactory , somewhat satisfactory or very satisfactory ?  she dabbed a tear from her eye . she opened her mouth but no words came out , her smile too wide to be able to talk .  satisfactory ?  the clerk asked with a friendly smile and she nodded through her tears . newline newline  newline newline thanks for reading ! if you enjoyed this , please check out more stories at rmatiwrites . constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated !i really need to buy a new car . i planned on getting to the theater 30 minutes ago , but the damn piece of crap wouldn  t start , yet again . i hurry out of my car in my dallas cowboys hoodie and sweatpants . thankfully i bought my tickets for the midnight release of  the interview  two days ago . here i am finally sputtering in to the parking lot at 11:57 pm . no matter , it shouldn  t be too crowded . i give my ticket to the teenage punk with his shoulder length emo haircut covering his face and an  i hate my job  attitude . he probably wouldn  t even notice if i gave him a blank piece of paper . could  ve saved myself 11 bucks too . newline newline  theaters on your left , concessions behind me  he mumbles while he lazily rolls his head in a half circle . newline newline the previews should take at least 15 minutes so i  ve got time to get some snacks before i go grab a seat . shouldn  t be too crowded since it  s a james franco movie . choosing between all of the different overpriced snacks is always a hard one , but this time i  m gon na have to go with the tried and true pairing of a medium popcorn and some red vines . can  t go wrong with red vines . better get a large dr. pepper while i  m here too . i hate having to go back to the concessions stand in the middle of the movie . i hate having to get up to do anything in the middle of the movie , i always feel like all eyes are on me . newline newline finding the right theater is easy enough , a sign for  taken 5 : goddamit maggie stop getting kidnapped  is on the door to the left , while the one on the right has the advertisement for  the interview : finally released  posted on the door . it doesn  t sound like the previews have even started yet , they must be running late , good for me . hopefully most of the people are sitting in the middle or up front , i like sitting in the back . i go through the doors and walk down the dark corridor to the entrance . it sounds pretty loud in there , there must be more people than i thought . i turn the corner at the end of the corridor and come out in the middle of the theater . newline newline what the fuck ! ! this place is packed . what the hell is going on ? ! ? scanning over the dimly lit room i see heads everywhere . let me make my way to the top of the stairs and start up there and work my down till i find a seat . of course the whole back 3 rows are all filled with teenagers . they  re all joking around giggling and staring at me . there  s a sea of lit up cellphones and feet sticking in the air . making my way down the rows i see couples , more teenagers , more couples , and groups of college kids . oh wait ! ! right there , i see it . there  s two empty seats right next to each other down at the front on the other side . i hurriedly start squeezing through the row before somebody comes through the other door and beats me too them . newline newline  excuse me ma  am . excuse me sir.  i repeat to all of the people i keep bumping into . as i get closer and closer to the seats , i can see what looks like a head in one of the seats . dammit , it is a head . this short bastard tricked me into thinking i might possible get an empty seat next to me . oh well , just wishful thinking , at least i found the last seat there . as i finally reach the seat , i see that the small guy sitting in the other seat looks like a weirdo . he  s a little asian guy with a long black wool overcoat , and he  s got a very stern look on his face . i  d bet my last dollar it  s probably because of that messed up haircut he must  ve just got . i bet he went to greatclips . reminds me of when i was a kid and my mom would stick a bowl on my head and just shave around it . horrible . anyway , i  m a polite fellow so i ask him newline newline  hey there sir , is anyone sitting next to you ? can i sit here ?  newline newline  uhhhno  newline newline does he mean no i can  t sit here , or no no one is sitting next to him ? oh well , i  ll take it to mean no ones sitting next to him . i sit down and get situated . the overly large woman to my left is using that cup holder so i  ll have to put my dr. pepper on the right . that  s fine , kinda serves as a border in between me and the weird guy . the previews still haven  t started yet so i just sit there and begin working on my popcorn . weirdo is doing something on his phone next to me . i sit back in my chair a bit and peak over at his phone without him noticing , he  s watching  gangnam style  . newline newline  ohhhh shit , i love that song man , turn it up a little  i excitedly tell him . newline newline  no ! ! !  newline newline  well what the heck man , why are you watching the video if you can barely hear it . oh shit , you know what , you actually look a little like him . do you know how to do the dance ? you should totally do it and put it on youtube , it would be hilarious.  newline newline  shut you mouth ! i supreme reader  newline newline  supreme reader ? oh you have captions on ? ok , my bad . sorry  newline newline this is already turning into an awkward movie experience , i  ll just shut my mouth now . if my damn car would  ve just started i would  ve made it here earlier and got a better seat . oh well , just enjoy the movie . newline newline finally the previews start rolling through . everybody is beginning to quiet down and the lights dim even more . blah , blah , blah , another nicholas sparks movie , couple decent action flicks , and the last one , which actually looks pretty good is ... ... ... newline newline  op , op , op , opa gangnam style !  newline newline  what the fuck dude , can you turn your damn phone off , the movie is starting.  newline newline  i keer you , i keer you , i feed you to dog.  newline newline it  s as if he doesn  t even hear me , he keeps muttering to his damn phone . the song finally ends and he  s still just staring at his phone muttering newline newline  i keer you , i keer you , i keeeerrr you all.  newline newline ok , here comes the movie . let  s see what all the excitement is about . newline newline  fast forward 15 minutes  newline newline  hahahahaha  newline newline holy crap that was funny , seth rogen always carries james franco in their movies . these red vines are delicious , i can  t believe i even thought about getting something else . newline newline  slurping noise  newline newline i look to my right and see the top of that bowl haircut pointing right at me . that damn guy is actually drinking all of my dr. pepper . are you kidding me , some nerve . newline newline  hey , what the hell are you doing ? that  s my dr. pepper.  newline newline  i wan , i take . i supreme reader.  newline newline i pick up my cup and it  s empty . that little fucker just drank the whole thing . whatever , just finish the damn movie and get the hell out of here before he pisses me off some more . i put my box of red vines in my left pocket so he can  t steal those too . i set my bag of popcorn on my lap . not that it matters , the only thing left in there are all the crumbs and kernels at the bottom . newline newline  fast forward 1 hour  newline newline uggghhh , i shouldn  t have eaten all that junk food , i can feel my stomach start to tingle . wait , that  s not my stomach , that  s my gut , and that  s the outside , not the inside , what the heck is that ? ? newline newline i look down and see a short stubby little arm rummaging around in my popcorn bag . as he tries fishing out the kernels , he keeps grabbing me ! i jump up and the popcorn bag and it  s remains go flying on the heavyset bald guy in front of me . gangnam style  s arm is still partially in the bag so he gets pushed up to his feet as well . newline newline  what kind of hanky panky you two doing over there ?  the fat lady to my left shouts . newline newline the bald guy quickly jumps up and turns around . now we  ve done it , the whole theater is looking at the loud commotion going on . my anxiety starts setting in , everyone is looking at me and this little korean man . the fat lady is sliding away from us with a disgusted look on her face . the bald guy has a furious look on his face like he wants to pummel me . i begin to try and push past gangnam style so i can get to the exit . as i  m sliding past him in the row , he reaches his hand into my pocket and begins grabbing . newline newline  what the fuck are you doing ? ! ? ! let me go you freak !  newline newline  red rines , red rines , give me red rines !  newline newline he won  t let go so i grab his arm and try to wrestle him lose from my pocket while backing my way out in to the aisle . he falls over and still will not let go ! now i  m dragging him along with me while his hand is in my pocket and my pants start to fall a little . i  ll drag this little bastard out of here with me if i have to . the whole theater is staring . half of them are laughing hysterically at us and pointing , while the other , older , half is gasping in horror at the perversion they are witnessing . it seems to go on forever and i begin to see camera flashes . the fat lady is screaming that i need to find jesus in my life . newline newline  i bring my children to this theater you sick freaks , get on out of here !  newline newline finally i my anxiety boils over , i can  t take it anymore , i lose it , i  ve got to get out of here now but he won  t get his hand out of my pocket . i let go of his arm and jerk back as hard as i can . his hand is still in my pocket . i fall backwards and the only thing i can do is wriggle my way out of my pants . the crowd erupts as my sweatpants slide over my shoes . i blackout and can  t hear anything . all i see is the exit sign and i race towards it . i slip at the corner of the corridor and roll over to it . i  m in the sprinters position and i just take off like a gun . fuck this place , i  m out of here . i barrel through the theater door and back in to the lobby . i  m in my hoodie , boxer briefs , and my shoes but too late , no stopping now . i run through the lobby at full speed to the exit doors and i can  t hear anything anymore . i can see the expression of every person in the lobby  s face one by one turning to a look of utter disbelief . i swing the exit door open as hard as a can and race to my car . newline newline my fucking car . newline oh , anna , i love how you can just wear anything ,  beth says . newline newline anna feels the cut open on her left shoulder . it s a small one . shallow . but the derision was dull and generic , so it d only make sense . it was time for a rebuttal however . newline newline  thank you , beth . i appreciate it . truly . i could never do what you do . you really have to search for clothes that fit your unique style .  newline newline anna turned and beamed at beth to really nail the strike . additionally ,  thighs ,  had rolled around her tongue for a moment before she settled on unique style as its mask . she knew beth was sensitive about her thighs , which made the slow developing cut on beth s cheek all the deeper . newline newline she wipes some of the blood off of her face with a handkerchief and replies ,  oh , that s kind of you to say . but , aside from clothing of course i must say you are really doing well for yourself , especially after james .  newline newline a long , deep cut starts forming on anna s side . newline newline beth continues ,  i mean , you re so strong to be okay after something like that . it s really impressive . and now you re dating alfonse , who is so . . . so . . . rustic .  newline newline anna can taste blood in her mouth now . she swallows hard and just smiles in response . beth smiles back . newline newline  oh , well , it s not been that bad ,  anna responds , holding her ribcage ,  i mean , one such as yourself should count themselves lucky that they ve avoided even being put in a situation where heartbreak is an optional outcome .  newline newline beth starts limping as they walk and anna can see blood trailing out of her jeans . newline newline  yknow what ,  beth starts , voice strained ,  let s stop talking about each other for a while , alrighty ?  newline newline  alrighty .  newline newline newline newline newline newlineto most , the bright lights and muffled hubbub typical of a house party would be an inviting memory . for stan however , it was only foreboding . newline newline eerily he approached the driveway . feeling his familiar internal voice losing touch as it drifted out in a sea of other voices . most of which were far more sinister . they filled his mind with dread . what if he had gotten the wrong house ? the embarrassment he would suffer from arriving to a party of strangers , he could never live it down . or maybe they would reject him , as many had done before them . he knew by now his inclinations to be silent , and his odd stature often invited prejudice to befall him . like many other socially awkward people , stan had only been able to ever open up to one or two people throughout his years . for a heart as skittish and uncertain as his took patience and warmth to reveal the man hidden inside . newline newline deciding that to turn back now would be even more pathetic he forced himself to knock on the door . newline newline a few seconds went by , which seemed to echo through time in beat to the pumping music inside . then suddenly the door swung open and there stood his coworker , fabian . newline newline  welcome stan !  he boomed . illuminated from the light of the party he stood confident and tall , like a magnificent bird , displaying it s plumage . newline  well come in , come in !  he began to usher stan through the door . newline newline stan could nt tell if he was imagining things or if the room really did suddenly fall silent . was he tired or had the music stopped ? and why was everybody looking at him ? newline newline  stanley moltova !  a voice sliced through the atmosphere . it was fabian . newline  i invited you to party with us tonight , and you shall ! but first the time has come for you to make a choice .  newline newline was he dreaming ? this all seemed so surreal . surely it was abnormal to address somebody in such a direct manner . the thought of having all eyes on him made stan want to squirm . newline newline this time however fabian s tone was soothing , almost gentle . newline  we will be straight with you stanley . everybody in this party is a mentem lectoris . that s mind reader to you stan . we are a secluded company , but our powers have made our society concise and clear in it s social etiquette . we can practically taste your chagrin stan . your nervous disposition and darting eyes paint vivid memories of the mockery and rejection you have endured . your lack of the necessary social qualities considered essential by today s generation have racked you with self loathing . newline newline stan was stunned . where was this leading ? why would fabian be so cruel ? newline newline  but stan , tonight you have a choice .  fabians words were mesmerising . newline  tonight you can cast of the shackles of social oppression . you can be liberated from the turmoil of the cliques you endured . but you must make the choice stan , you are welcome to leave right now , however i wish to extend to you the invitation of the party stan . for you see we mind readers are incredibly self aware . we are all united in our shortcomings , nobody is perfect stan , many however have learned to hide their faults in the eye of the public . your media  platforms  are an ideal example or the perfection people are so desperate to portray . but real freedom stan , real freedom comes from being able to know one another s defects . but choosing stan , choosing , to look beyond those and see the goodness in people . to see the beauty and complexity in one another s lives . in valuing each individual as a master piece , a product of generations of human relations sealed in the beings you see every day . so what do you say stan ? ! newline  cast aside the hurt of the past and join us in a celebration of true friendship  fabian was roaring at this point . newline newline stan paused for a moment , before realising he had made the choice years ago , but here was a community where it could finally be manifest . without further hesitation he laughed .  i accept your offer fabian  . newline newline and so the party began . newlinei carved another lines in my wrist . newline newline it s getting bothersome to cover it after more than several lines , but i ca nt stop . i m getting addicted to the pain , to the salty and metallic feelings of my own blood down my throat . newline newline i savored the taste as i watched the woman that once promised me her eternity kissed passionately with her new boyfriend . oh , how i would like to taste her blood , drinking the very life she has promised me , but not yet , i must bid my time . i must not force myself to her , but she has to come running to me , as her last hope , and then i will watch her plunge to despair as she watched the last hope she clung upon crushed under my foot . newline newline i bit my tongue . i must not laugh here , lest i would alert them of my presence . my heart was burning as the impudent man slid a shiny object down her dress , the sharp edges glinting on the moonlight . newline newline wait . sharp edges ? newline newline i focused my senses . it s a transparent blade , glass , maybe ? eight centimeters long , ten centimeters handle . it was a glass scalpel . newline newline my mind accelerated , as the shiny object moved slowly closer to the woman s body . what the fuck !  i felt chill down my spines . but unlike my racing heart and boiling blood , my head was exceedingly calm , my senses reached heightened states , as if my whole life was a training for this exact moment . newline newline before i know it , my legs launched me to the two pervert , half naked under the crescent moon . i kicked the woman away , hitting her head on a nearby swing , knocking her unconscious . a crimson line scratched her abdomen , but far better than what could happen had i stepped in latter . newline newline the man was furious , he started to swing his glass scalpel to me . still high with adrenaline , i easily sidestepped his blade , but i ca nt keep it for long . i ca nt fight back either : my box cutter was left somewhere among the trees . newline newline am i going to die here ? as a pervert stalker that attacked random couples ?  i lost my focus , the man s blade a blur for my eyes as the adrenaline faded and tears welling up in my eyes . newline newline but suddenly he stopped , as a bright flash filled the dark night . a hand pulled my scarred wrist to the trees , a cold , small and soft hands , her hands . newline newline  for once i was thankful that you re an abusive boyfriend .  she said while still running , amidst her ragged breath . newline newline  seriously , you should stop attracting psychopath . i almost killed you , too .  i threw my back at the grass as we reached an empty clearing far outside the city . newline newline  but it all turned out fine in the end , right ?  she followed suit beside me  thank you .  newline newline  nah , it s the least i could do , i mean , i would stalk you anyway so i might as well try to protect you , right ?  newline newline  what are you going to do now ?  she turned her eyes to me . newline newline  i do nt know . but police might be a good start .  she rolled her eyes . newline newline  do nt you want to be with me again ? we do this all the time , he said newline newline my thought was reinforced with a scowl , but hidden behind my breathing apparatus . he played it down in his cool tone of voice , convincing us that he knew the way out . but even he doubted himself now . newline newline this was meant to be fun . my partner and i paid this guy to show us a known underwater cave . now , it was certainly beautiful . it took us about 15 minutes to get there . that was hours ago . panic has well set in . newline newline  ok  , the guide said ,  i m going to try this one again and turn left  , he disappeared . we were currently huddled together in a pitch dark air pocket in some tunnel . that s all we knew .  how many do we have left ?  i asked . newline newline  em , we got ... three , just three  , she looked up with sadness in her eyes .  well that s ... an hour and a half of glow stick left . let s hold out as long as we can .  we did nt have much left . we dumped the air tanks a long time ago as dead weights . we had a pair of fin shoes , three glow sticks and our dry suits keeping us warm . newline newline the pitch dark lifted slightly as a dull green glow approached . the guide broke the sound of our unsettled breathing and emerged from the water sucking in air .  i went as far as i could manage , nothing down that way.  . it was all so disheartening .  i did see another tunnel off to the right just after i went left , so i ll try that . just get my breath back  newline newline we remained in silence floating .  what if we ca nt find the way out ?  , i asked . newline newline  do nt be silly  , the guide said . i started to think he was an idiot rather than attempting to manage our situation .  as we speak , the company know s that we have nt returned and will be looking around the tunnels to find us .  newline newline with that he winked and dove under the water . his green light slowly vanished , leaving us in the dark again , listening to ourselves breath with small slaps of water against the tunnel roof surrounding our heads . newline newline  where is he ?  , my better half asked . i did nt want to ask the question myself . he was gone now for a good while , too long . newline newline  i , i do nt know  , we should try and move around ourselves . at least find a fresh air pocket .  , my suggestion of course made her breath heavier in terror . i was nt so calm myself , but we both knew we had to do it . newline newline we cracked a glow stick .  should we go the way he went ?  newline newline  no ... if he found a way out , he would have come returned  , i said with dismay . we went the opposite direction . no matter which way we went , the tunnel went down . our watches would relay our depth and it never settled our nerves . we carried on anyway and found another air pocket . smaller , but right now , it s more welcome than a search party . newline newline  what if we re going the wrong way ?  , i did nt reply . i squeezed her hand and pointed in the direction we were going . the water grew murkier and murkier . did this mean something good ? newline newline our last glow stick was a depressing one . it did nt really light the way much , we had to feel with our hands more than anything , and it also meant it was our last chance . our hands gripped together like glue as we traversed the tunnel from air pocket to air pocket . newline newline i felt a tug , it was her pulling us up to an air pocket .  did you feel that ?  , she asked with a huge smile ,  it was like a current in the water , we must be close to a way out  . i pretended to agree but i never felt anything . she looked at me with that big smile ,  we are definitely close , it feels colder too  . newline newline a wild splash mixed with a short scream ringed in my ears as she was pulled under . her hand torn away from mine . i scrambled around and dove under looking for her . the last shred of life in the glow stick was near useless . i shook it to death trying to get it to work one last moment for me . holding it out in front of my face reflected , for just a moment , rows of teeth .her pencil skimmed the page , newline newline blue eyes squinting like a wince of pain , newline newline as dark eyes come to life upon a white sheet of paper . newline newline she sat hunched over her desk newline newline as students laughed and joked around , newline newline but her world was a piece of paper . newline newline each hand stroke drew sorrow , newline newline pain , heavy on the paper eyes . newline newline dark lines formed lips , newline newline parted slightly , as if wishing newline newline to plea for help , newline newline but not having the words . newline newline her own lips parted , then closed newline newline as her hand swept across the page . newline newline her pencil scratched the face newline newline and outer page , sketching straggling hair newline newline that almost hid those pleading eyes . newline newline she never hesitated , but the hurried strokes slowed newline newline as she traced hunched shoulders . they  re bare newline newline but for the long black hair tumbling upon them . newline newline blue eyes , cast in shadow , flickered down as the pencil stopped . newline newline it dropped to the table newline newline as trembling , charcoalsmudged newline newline fingers gently lifted the page . newline newline eyes met in a parody newline newline of a mirror . newline newline a bell rang . newline newline she looked away , newline newline fingers pushed back tendrils of blond hair then newline newline rubbed against her jeans , cleaning off the charcoal newline newline but leaving a new mess . newline newline as the other students filed out , she stood , newline newline crumpled the picture , newline newline and shoved it to the bottom of her bag .the smell of cocoa , sweet and enticing , wafted over the kitchen counter to jill . she fidgeted in her pink jammies , excited for the rare nighttime treat . it was christmas eve and snow tumbled down beyond the frosty window of the kitchen . newline newline  be careful !  her mother told her , smiling as she pushed the mug along the countertop to jill . jill wrapped her long sleeves around her hands to shield them from the heat and carefully waddled into the living room . the tv was playing the opening to it s a wonderful life and her dad was snuggled under a blanket on the couch . jill sat at his feet and he swiped her hair affectionately . the cocoa , though very hot , warmed her chilled fingertips as they peeked from her sleeves . newline newline jill looked over at the tree  a rainbow of decorations sparkling in the warm glow of the string lights  and at the fireplace , now only a few coals to heat it . that was where santa came from . newline newline  you excited ?  her dad asked , grinning down at the six year old . newline newline jill nodded her head enthusiastically and smiled . then , the movie faded into the first scenes as her parents put their heads together in the warm glow of christmas . newline newline that night , jill could hardly fall asleep for her excitement . she kept imagining the big , jolly santa making his way down through the chimney to bring her a sack of shining , beatifully wrapped presents . maybe even a bike or a swing set ! every twitch of the old house was a reminder that he would be coming soon . newline newline with the image of her new gifts in her mind , jill slowly drifted into dreams of candy and flying reindeer , then deep sleep . newline newline   newline newline snow swarmed the small house in the suburbs , burying it in sanitizing white . of course it would nt last . eventually , it would turn grey with the soot of passing cars and melt into the irritating slush that iced driveways and soaked through even the best boots . newline newline inside , six year old jill scalded herself on steaming cocoa . despite the pain blossoming in her mouth , she continued to blow and sip , blow and sip  like a tiny , cocoadrinking automoton set to  consume .  this christmas eve was different , but little jill was unaware . instead of venturing out of their whitepicketed enclave , the jones s were settling in for the night  away from friends and away from family , isolated from the distant town center and the reminders of all they could no longer afford . newline newline mr. jones , curled under one of the blankets that had become necessary with their costsaving measure of lowered heat . on the floor , he watched jill as she eyed the plastic tree and the dying fire . newline newline  you excited ?  he asked his daughter , wan smile playing on his lips . he could nt tell her yet that santa was not bringing much this year . he could nt destroy her dreams by explaining that santa was nt real , and that daddy had had a tough year finding employment . he could nt tell her that the cocoa would be running out soon . newline newline she only smiled and nodded , not catching the nuance of his question . jill was only interested in three things that evening : hot cocoa and tv and maybe santa . newline newline that night , jill laid in bed overexcited from the sugar and thoughts of the fat man that was going to come and bring her shiny new presents . she was hoping for a bicycle and a new swingset , though she still did nt know how to ride a bike . newline newline oblivious to the truth , jill slowly drifted into dreams of candy and fling reindeer , then deep , innocent sleep .wartorn does not even begin to describe it . long since history , has man been at war in this forsaken place . against the ancient ones , the rampaging raiders , and the tremendous leviathans . it was not an easy battle . but the battle , was clearly bound to be won ... by man . newline newline the ancient ones , though mighty and immortal , were not impervious to man s steel and flame . man , in its cruel climb for victory , was quick to use the ancient ones  impervious carcasses to fuel their conquest . use all you can  leave none behind . newline newline the raiders , though fast and unrelenting in their sieges , could do nothing against the strength of steel , tempered by the flames of the ancient ones . while certain victory is yet to be at hand , soon , soon , it will be within man s grasp . newline newline all that s left , are the leviathans . boundless in power , and unmatched in fury . their sheer size and speed make it impossible to face them . man , as it is , remains at the mercy of the leviathans . for now , that is . for now . newline newline             newline newline  rivermouth , flood plain , old logging town that is a frequent victim of typhoons .do nt worry about credit if anything always just thank reddit : d newline newline when you say military units for heaven and hell , you would should focus on the historical aspect of things . newline newline if you mean heaven and hell in terms of the abrahamic religions , then the best outfit to model these military units would be grecoroman army compositions things like legions , centurions , etc . newline newline if you mean heaven and hell in terms of as a concept in all religious beliefs , then that s where things are a little harder . thematically , each  heaven  would be respective of that nationculture that formed the roots of the religion . a japanese or asian heavenly guard would look a lot differently from an indian , egyptian , or european host . even within each area , there are differences . newline newline here s a good example : http : www.badassoftheweek.comhussars5.bmp newline newline this is a polish winged hussar . which had these guys : newline newline http : upload.wikimedia.orgwikipediacommons229bataillewaterloo1815reconstitution2011cuirassier.jpg newline newline exist at the same exact period of time . newline newline newline though times may have changed , formations , names , and make up definitely would not . newline newline a strong example of this is the word cavalry . for all the word means and its history , it involves horses . thankfully we no longer rely on horses , but still keep the name . there is no reason why anyone could nt simply redesignate units as  armored  or  light armored  except for history reasons . newline newline all military units are based around their history and formation . as such , since heaven and hell are based on oldage ideas and have , for all intents and purposes , never been conquered by any entity or experienced culture clashes , their formations and names would remain the same . newline newline on a side note , if you re trying to write something about heaven and decide to give them rifles and machine guns , there is a role for even that . given that judaism experienced countless disporas and christianity taking the spotlight during roman times , we could designate roman titles to each soldiergroup . newline newline your rifles would be your bread and butter troops : legionary . newline snipers : velites . newline sapper : princeps or hastati newline medic : medicus newline light armored : sagittarii newline armored : ala quingenaria newline heavy armored : cohors equitata newline newline the list goes on and on . i do want to note that while all modern day nations have things like 1st rifles or 1st division , the concept of 19 is a indoarabic invention meaning you would have to use xi legio . newline newline on a second note , if you re looking for modernpostmodern military units for egyptianamericanrussian , it s actually pretty simple . because of history , spacebased troops would still be called marines until a reclassification was done  which is extremely slow anyways  . all unit strengths and numbers are pretty similar around the world with each unit having specific tasks . newline newline a russian artillery division will be no different in form nor function than a us artillery division . in addition , an antiarmor division will still be antiarmor . if , for whatever reason , you have a bunch of marines floating around in space with a giant metal tank thing , the guys armed to rip that tank thing apart would still be called antiarmor . the guys firing a giant cannon across the world to hit a group of other floating marines would still be artillery .fade in : newline newline ext . a residential street  afternoon newline newline a young man exits his house and locks the door behind him . this is steve . he glances up and down the street , apparently expecting someone to arrive . after a few moments , a car pulls up , and a young woman exits . this is sarah .  newline newline sarah :  hey ! i hope you have nt been waiting long ! newline steve :  nah , i only just stepped outside . newline newline sarah nods her understanding , then shifts her weight expectantly .  newline newline sarah :  so ... third date , huh ? newline steve :  yeah , i was thinking that we could take a walk down to the farmer s market , and then i could ... newline newline steve trails off , and his face adopts an expression of muted horror .  newline newline sarah :  ... you could what ? newline steve :  oh no . newline sarah :  you could oh no ? newline steve :  no . newline sarah :  well , that sure cleared things up . newline newline rather than answering , steve grabs sarah s hand and takes off running .  newline newline steve :  come on ! there s no time to explain ! newline sarah :  hey , ouch ! what s going on ? newline steve :  i just said there s no time to explain ! follow me ! hurry ! newline newline the pair round a corner , and steve slows to a halt . sarah snatches her hand away from him .  newline newline sarah :  look , i m going to have my friend call with a fake emergency if you re going to start pretending that you re a secret agent or something . newline steve :  no , no ! no , it s not like that ! newline sarah :  what s going on , then ? newline steve :  i heard music ! newline sarah :  ... music . newline steve :  it was daves music ! newline sarah :  okay , so , dave has bad taste in music . why did we have to run , again ? newline newline steve rubs his forehead , looking slightly unhinged .  newline newline steve :  it s not that he has bad taste in music  it s that his life is a goddamned musical . newline sarah :  so what ? lots of people listen to music throughout the day . newline steve :  you re not getting it . newline sarah :  well , you re not explaining it . newline newline steve glances around the corner , then sighs and seems to relax slightly .  newline newline steve :  look , dave is my roommate , okay ? newline sarah :  oh . i get it . newline steve :  ... what ? newline sarah :  he s your  roommate .  newline steve :  what ? wait , what ?  no ! no , i mean , he s literally my roommate , and he has this ... condition . newline sarah :  a musical condition . newline steve :  yes . newline sarah :  ... does he , like , fart a lot or something ? newline steve :  i mean actual music . whenever he starts singing , the world around him turns into a goddamned andrew lloyd webber scene . newline newline sarah stares at steve for several seconds .  newline newline sarah :  gosh , you know what ? i just remembered . my friend s goldfish just died . i should go comfort her . newline steve :  i m telling the truth ! newline sarah :  uh huh . newline newline sarah starts to walk away , but steve jumps in front of her .  newline newline steve :  no , no , i mean it ! i know it sounds crazy ! newline newline in the distance , strains of music become audible .  newline newline sarah :  get out of my way . newline steve :  please , if you d just ... if only you could ... newline newline steve steps aside , raises his arms , and begins singing toward the sky .  newline newline steve :  newline look at me ! newline i ve blown it yet again ! newline why ca nt i live a normal life newline while dave is still my friend ? newline i m handsome and intelligent , newline i m educated , smart , newline and yet i become quite the fool newline when i hear music start ! newline newline steve turns to see sarah walking away again , and he dances after her .  newline newline sarah :  newline leave me be ! newline this is nt what i want ! newline i was hoping for a normal date newline perhaps at a restaurant ! newline you re handsome and intelligent , newline and that i would nt change , newline but it s always on the third date newline that men start acting strange ! newline newline from seemingly out of nowhere , several more men surround steve . they all dance in perfect synchronization as they follow sarah .  newline newline men :  newline and so newline it goes ! newline it s that godawful fate ! newline the scourge of every living man ... newline newline one of the group jumps forward and sings with a flamboyant intonation . the music stops for his line .  newline newline gay man :  ... assuming that he s straight ! newline newline the gay man jumps back into line with his cohorts .  newline newline men :  newline we try so much to please them , newline we work hard to impress , newline but that which makes a woman tick newline is anybody s guess ! newline newline as if in response , several women suddenly surround sarah . they all turn around and face the men .  newline newline women :  newline and there newline it is ! newline you ve taken off the mask ! newline to find out just what women want , newline you only have to ask ! newline we do nt care if you re psychic , newline this is nt just your  fate !  newline rather than assume anything , newline you should communicate ! newline newline the music slows , and the dancing slows in kind . everyone forms into a swaying ring , into which steve steps .  newline newline steve :  newline oh , there ... newline is a truth inside me ... newline a secret that i really should have shared . newline if she ... newline was to be my lover ... newline when she learned it , would she have even cared ? newline newline sarah steps into the ring .  newline newline sarah :  newline i know ... newline that you are nt so crazy ... newline the truth about your friend is plain to see . newline instead ... newline of that sudden dragging ... newline you should have tried just telling this to me . newline newline the music s tempo picks back up , and the men and women start dancing together .  newline newline steve and sarah :  newline maybe we newline can get a second chance newline we ve just had our firstever fight newline as a part of this dance ! newline it is quite the story to tell ! newline this moment , we can save ! newline there s only one more thing to say ... newline newline a young man comes around the corner . this is dave .  newline newline dave :  oh , hi , steve ! newline newline everyone else raises their arms to the sky and belts out the final notes of the song .  newline newline everyone :  fuck you , daaaaaaave ! newline newline after a final fanfare  during which several men and women do backflips and cartwheels  the music abruptly stops . the men and women glance at one another with confusion and embarrassment , then hurriedly shuffle away from one another . steve and sarah look at each other , then smile .  newline newline dave :  ... that was a bit rude . newline newline fade out .me , and my brothers sit in some forgotten bar room basement , the structure of which sits itself on top of a heap of crumbled wood and broken glass . the wind howls through the top of it , but we feel somewhat secure here . we light a oil lamp , and cook up some canned food on several bunson burners that we always carry . today it consists of red beans , sardines and rice  which you have to cook in water , which makes it kind of a pain in the ass .  newline at some point , someone , i think it was john , inquired about what month it was . newline newline there was some conjecture , we have this discussion , everyone in the world today has this discussion a lot because it s difficult to tell . emt bombs of various magnitudes had been set and detonated by the world s countries . one russia or china , as us kids were told that they were called , detonated a really big one that fucked up anything that could mark time reliably . newline newline the seasons no longer come and go , as they used to , or so we were told that they used to . we joke about it now ,  hey , do nt worry about saving those beans , we ll just grow them this summer  . laughs all around . newline then the question , the big big question comes up , which is probably the most exhaustingly argued topic known to any of us . what year it is . newline newline generally most people believe it to be either early 2097 , early 2098 or late 2095 . after the emt bombs destroyed everything , and fallout killed off most of the population no one really had time to try to even try and count the years . they were too busy surviving . however , several things were found ,  indicators  of what the year might actually be , but there were multiple , and most of the people who find them died a long time ago . newline newline so it goes . newline newline john d , points to his usual argument , derrick gould  a legend among all of us  said he found the caesium clock running when he ventured to the the west side of the country , and said it said 2066  which would make it 2098 now  , however , benjamin , the tall skinny fuck to my left shivering , points out that a group of planters found a running excel spreadsheet that kept track of time during the war . that was more recent , so people tend to argue for it . newline newline we argue . newline newline either we are going to die in three and a half years , four and a half years or six years . or another amount of time because everyone was wrong to begin with . what we are certain of is something our father s father s talked about , a great extinction that they would never get to see . newline newline they called them aliens .newline newline newline john was asleep when it happened . he suddenly felt weightless like he were in a dream and then the sound of metal grating against metal jolted him awake . the bus he was in was on its side and there was confusion all about him . john could nt move , he was pinned under something . a smoke started emnating from the back of the bus and began to shroud the inside in a black plume . he coughed and called out for help , he was still pinned . he could see the occupants of the bus crowded near one of the windows , bloody and disoriented . they waited as people from the outside pulled them out one by one . suddenly the fume hissed and the bus exploded . john had a moment where he could see the bright light and feel the heat on his face , the next moment , all was black again . newline newline john woke up panting . it had been a dream . he looked about him and noticed that nothing was amiss , the rest of the bus was asleep , still on its way to the concert . john sighed . the dream had felt real , he had felt every bit of it . the weight of the thing pinning him down , the harsh smoke threatening to choke him , the heat of the explosion , everything . he put it aside but sleep had utterly deserted him and he decided to listen to music . he looked inside his bag and noticed that he did nt have his ear phones with him . he could have sworn that he had put it there before he left , in fact he remembered using just a while ago on the bus . he searched once more , he then searched around his seat . nothing . he then sank back and wished he d had the ear phones with him and suddenly , he had them in his hands . john blinked and rubbed his eyes , was he dreaming again ? newline newline john spent the rest of the night wishing for the strangest things and every single time they would materialise without even the slightest flair . that s the thing about magic in moveis , he thought , they always make it look like a big deal but his power could get him whatever he wanted and it did nt even need an incantation . he still had nt wrapped his head around this new power of his but it still felt awesome . eventually john reached the concert and had a great time , he was nt going to tell him friends about it yet . he waited till they were back at their lodgings and called them all around him post dinner . newline newline  alright  , he said ,  i m going to show you something  newline newline jenna , nolan and lee looked at him , they were tired after the concert and just wanted to go to bed . newline newline  jen  give me your spectacles , jenna acquiesed , not really because she was interested in his show but more so to get it over with . newline newline john took it and without warning dropped it on the ground and stomped it into a fine mess . jenna and the others watched horrified . newline newline  the hell man ? !  she exclaimed  i m goin  newline newline john stopped her with a raised hand and said ,  now watch as i fix it  newline newline his face scrunched up in concentration as he wished the spectacles back to normal . and just like that the spectacles were normal again and in his hands . newline newline  see !  john said , excited . newline newline  what ?  lee asked ,  see what dumbass ?  newline newline  i fixed it , the spectacles  john dangled the now brand new spectacles in front of lee s face newline newline  john , you ve lost it  jenna said and snatched her spectacles back ,  you ve clearly had one too many drinks at the concert , go sleep now  newline newline  yeah man and let us sleep too  nolan said and half dragged john to the bedroom they were sharing . newline newline john protested and tried to change other things to show them but every single time , they acted like nothing had changed . john even wished their small cabin into a huge palace with guards and butlers with elf like ears , his friends acted like it was all normal . that s when it hit him that his power was only for him to use and feel , the others would just continue living their lives like nothing had happened . john started using his powers rather freely after that incident . he made all manner of things appear and disappear , eventually he started toying with the people around him and even made people s limbs and arms appear and disappear , he killed his first man a few years after he d discovered his powers for the first time . there were never any consequences . slowly , the power he had was not enough anymore , he had everything he d ever wanted and more and yet he felt unsatisfied , he felt angry more often . he destroyed billions of people at once in a fit or rage and then materialized them again the next day . he started feeling disconnected from the reality around him . like there was some sort of glass wall between him and the others . he stopped talking to people , he made his own palace of solitude and dwelt in it alone , surrounded by everything and nothing . eventually he razed worlds and built new ones , he tore the heavens asunder , he even made up beings of tremendous power just so he would have a threat to deal with . it was all a game to john and as god he was a rather impatient one . he even conquered death , for even death was part of the reality that he willed into existence and was at his mercy . newline newline one day , john sat upon his throne of moon rock and comet skin , he pondered his existence and wondered if he d really become god . he had done everything he d ever wanted to and had outlived his own age by several factors . as he sat and pondered , he suddenly realized something , there was still one thing he had nt wished for . he stood up and strode into the giant volcano that housed his personal meditation chamber and sat down in the middle . he wished to know everything . that is how he thought it , everything  . suddenly the god that john was , was reduced to tears . he cried and the mountains shook , he then laughed and was driven to madness . it was too much for him to take and it was too much for his human mind to comprehend . he suffered for many days under the burden of absolute knowledge , under the burden of wisdom he could not understand . he suffered upon the ash grey grounds of his palace , wandering and raving like a mad man . the multitude of beings that served him tried to help but he struck them down . they learned to stay away and locked him up within the volcano . he roamed and raved for two hundred thousand years , alone and mad . through the ordeal and with the passage of that many years , he began to comprehend a minute amount of what he knew and he remembered who he was . through the recesses of his mind that he d just taken control of , he wished to have the ability to understand everything , to have a better brain and he was well again . he stood in the ruins that was once his world and with absolute knowledge at his behest . he smiled to himself , all these years and he knew now . he did not want to be god anymore . he did not need to be god anymore . he knew what to do . he willed it and the universe ceased to exist . there was nothing . no reality , no abyss , no space . nothing .there once was a boy named klaus . he did well in school , and had good manners , and like any other boy , he played video games and used the internet . he was especially the favourite of the teachers because of his wellpressed shirts and neat appearance , courtesy of his father who was a maker of business suits . newline newline his parents knew he used the internet , but they did not know what sites he visited , for he cleared his browser history every night . one afternoon , his mother thought to ask him   klaus , what do you do on the internet ?  newline newline klaus replied ,  oh , it is nothing . i look at funny cat videos , and research for schoolwork .  newline newline  but why must you clear your browser history every night ? father thinks you are acting suspicious , and it bothers me , too .  newline newline klaus gave his mother some excuse for doing so , saying that clearing the browser history would prevent the computer from getting infected with a virus . his mother , having no knowledge of computers , only halfbelieved him , for he answered too nonchalantly , as though he had rehearsed this reply a thousand times . newline newline the weeks passed and the mother grew curious . the boy klaus was doing fine at school , and his recent report card showed straight as . but she noticed that he hardly ever left his room , and seemed to be always sitting at his computer . her imagination ran wild . newline newline one night , unable to think straight after 4 bottles of mommywine  , she flung open the door to klaus s room . horrified at what she saw , she screamed . newline newline the boy was sat on his bed , fiercely sucking his thumb . newline newline the computer screen glared in a million shades of beige , and terrible sounds filled the air . the mother slammed the computer shut and knocked it to the floor in a rage , but still klaus would not stop sucking his thumb . newline newline she screamed for him to stop , hurling all manner of words at his blank face . but still he would not stop sucking his thumb . newline newline she threatened him with punishment from his father , who was not home :  wait till your father hears about this  he will take away all your electronics , and restrict your internet usage !  but still he would not stop sucking his thumb . newline newline when she realized he had been sucking his thumb every day , and simply would not stop no matter what she said , she stormed out of the room . newline newline when she returned it was with the biggest pair of scissors she could find in her husband s workroom  in one loud snip she cut off klaus s thumb . newline newline  there ! now you have no thumbs !  she said , and went to get more wine . shhh  , said teddy softly , his faded blue nose peeking from under his fluffy blue arm ,  they re coming .  newline newline i could nt think of a single thing to say in response . the darkness of the closet mixed with the faint smell of warm clothes and moth balls had done a number on my mind . my heart began racing as i watched my childhood teddybear peek from behind the closet door into the room before quickly and quietly shutting it again when a shadow crossed the wall before us . was i hallucinating ? surely , i must have been . newline newline goku reached out a plastic arm and patted me mechanically on my knee , as though to comfort me . i definitely felt that . i was nt dreaming . newline newline  okay , i think they ve left .  teddy said , turning back toward me and the other toys . he rubbed his stubby arms together a moment before looking directly toward me . newline newline  so , tad  i guess you re wondering why we kidnapped you from work and brought you here today .  newline newline  yeah .  i uttered ,  you could say that .  newline newline  we need you .  teddy said softly . he seemed to say everything softly . newline newline  for what , exactly ?  i managed . newline newline  for them .  came the growls of a battered red bionicle whose arm pointed firmly at the closet door . newline newline  yes ,  urged teddy ,  you re the only one who can help us now .  newline newline  i do nt understand !  i said , more loudly now . newline newline  shhh , please !  teddy cooed , tapping my foot with an arm and looking desperately at the door behind himself ,  please keep it down !  newline newline  who are they ? why are you alive ? am i going insane ?  i whispered frantically , clutching the carpet either side of me as though to keep myself from falling off the world . newline newline the gundam figurine muttered something in what sounded like japanese , but i could nt understand it . i simply shook my head . newline newline  he said you are nt going insane . we ve been brought to life by the same thing that brought them to life .  darth maul said , seeing my vacant expression . newline newline  which is ?  newline newline  we do nt know .  teddy said ,  which is why we need your help .  newline newline  who are they , then ? can you at least tell me that much ?  newline newline  yes .  aragon interjected , his left hand a broken plastic stump from when i d dropped him , just like i remembered ,  they re your nightmares .  newline newline  newline newline more later  i actually have to do some work .everyday i lie awake thinking of a time long past  hoping my sins are not discovered . my sanity is slowly leaving me . i started to hear noises during the night  creaks , footsteps , and then a knock . there was no greater fear than to hear the knocking each night . for every day that passed it would get louder , ever so slightly . hiding under the covers could not remedy the terror i felt . i knew what was in that closet . i knew what knocked on the door . i knew it could not be ignored , but still i went on as if it never happened . again , each night this knocking became louder , each night i lay in fear , each night i would scream in horror of what was to come . there was no escape . i walked to the door , now shaking violently from the force of the demon behind it . i flung open the door and was met with darkness . there stood a skeleton . still as a painting , staring straight at me . i stared back , into the black holes where eyes should be , and i saw no more ... i am in darkness . i am lost forever .the greatest joke , perhaps , was appreciated not by the living , but the undead . newline newline  what a joke this is , is nt it ?  muttered ed , inbetween laboured breaths . he wore a smile on his face , not of happiness , but of hopelessness . newline  i guess it s them who ll be having the last laugh .  newline newline he bit his lip , wincing at the pain as he nursed his broken leg . sarah could only watch him in his dismal state as she panicked , thinking of what can be done . newline newline  do nt talk like that !  she retorted . newline  you give up too easy !  newline newline she looked around their surroundings , with a more discerning eye this time . the seconds passed , and the silence seemed to calm the both of them . the night winds were blowing with a stillness that was too odd for actual comfort . newline the man and the girl had taken shelter in an old farm shed . four diminished wooden walls surrounded them , one with a boarded up window adjacent to the locked doorway . above their heads , a sortof attic , stored with bales of hay and farming equipment . barrels and other containers filled up the room here and there , proving to be useless as sarah checked every one . not one corner in the building had anything of value . medicine , firstaid , even a single weapon  out of the picture . all that was left to do was to play a long and dreaded waiting game against a storm that may or may not come . newline the girl settled herself next to ed , whose back was against a shelf , legs outstretched , the broken one glistening a dark red in the moonlight . newline newline  nothing here , i take it ?  he rasped wearily . the colour was draining from his face . newline  no .  sarah replied . she looked solemnly at the travesty that was ed s right leg , and flushed . newline  how d you even let that happen ! if you had been more careful with that jump   newline  i was as careful as i could have been !  he interrupted . newline  i thought i could ve made it . i thought ... i thought .  newline they fell silent . ed looked up to where the moon shone down on them , and sarah thought about the moments before . newline newline they were on the run . a legion of flesheaters were after them , monsters yowling in the dark . at a glance , the horde had numbered over several scores , no more than a hundred . ed and sarah , about fifteen minutes prior , broke into the woods as they made their escape , arriving at the edge of a cliff , overlooking a small farm out in the country . the closest building , the shed , was just beyond a stretch of cornfield . sarah was the first one to move , making sure not to miss a step as she made her descent down a patch of rubble . the laughing forest behind them gathered in ferocity , and ed made the jump , the mistake that put them where they are now . newline newline the moon was full tonight . the eye of some unfeeling nocturnal creature loomed over the country . ed could nt help but laugh as he thought about this . the girl jumped at the sound . newline newline  ed , what are you doing ?  newline  it s the goddamn , joke , sarah !  he said , with a defeated smile , as if he had settled upon a realisation he pondered over . newline  and i am the punch line .  newline newline a great maniacal laughter sounded out from what must have been the cornfield . one by one , the shambling dead things emerged from the dark stalks , shivering in their hoots and giggling . their eyes were aflame with a paradoxical hunger . sarah made a quick glance and turned a deathly pale at the sight . newline newline  they re ... they ve found us .  she managed to say . newline  you best get out of here , then .  ed called from where he sat , too exhausted to move . the storm outside was beginning to build . a pounding at the door had just begun . newline  up into the attic .  ed advised . newline  out the roof ... you ll make it .  newline the one last look he gave her set her into motion , and she made her ascent up the ladder into the attic , wordless and never looking back . by the time she disappeared from his view , the zombies had broken in , with grins that matched his own . newline newline the last thing he ever heard was the cackling and the howling of a sea that swallowed him whole . jesus fuck snow white . yeah , snow white can you just get over here for a minute .  she looks at me like im the one who just fucked seven dwarves . all at the same time mind you . newline newline  well , you see . i m on a mission .  newline newline i give her that willie wonka look that would give even her the willies . i look her straight in the eyes , lean over and in the most sarcastic voice possible ask ,  and what mission would that be my darling ?  newline newline  to spread peace and love and shit blah blah .  fuck it i was nt really listening . i was too busy trying to figure out how to hide this giant ass stack of midget porn that was sitting on my coffee table . newline newline i walk over to the front door , tripping over a few midget sized sex toys on the way over . i turn the handle and to my dismay the entire door is immobile . i m stuck with these fucks for the better half of 24 hours . so i walk back into the living room , pop in a fleetwood mac cd and explain to them that this might be a tad bit longer than your average craigslist hookup . newline newline  that s dreadful ,  snow white said sensually as she started unzipping my jeans .  i suppose we will just have to spread some more ... magic of friendship .  newline newline needless to say , i first had to take care of our little midget problem .it started of simply , with a single question asked by a young boy . newline newline  why is that man on the telly , father ?  newline newline the highpitched voice cut through the bustle in the room surprisingly easily . stephen did nt need to look up from the report sitting on his desk to see which man his son was referring to . bbc , cnn , and the rest of the entire world had the story on a continuous loop . it was the biggest story the world had seen since the collapse of the soviet union over 40 years ago . newline newline  not now , charlie . father is working . go back to bed.  newline newline as charlie and his teddy marched back through the door , the staff continued with their briefing of the incident . newline  stephen , we need to issue an immediate response . the longer we wait , the weaker we look . yes , they have been our strongest allies for over a century and yes they practically bailed us out in the first two world wars , but are you really going to risk starting a third one over this ?  newline newline  sir , i can  t help but agree with john . parliament and the house are in turmoil , the entire nation is looking for leadership . my recommendation is that we cancel our alliance , revoke military access , and demand that they remove their troops within 72 hours . the european union and turkey issued similar demands and are considering implementing economic sanctions on natural gas , timber , and agricultural products.  newline newline stephen took a moment to collect his thoughts . this decision would hopefully go down as his most significant in his political career . he hoped it would be . newline newline  alright , pass me the phone . i want to inform him personally.  newline newline as he picked up the phone in his home office , his hand trembled slightly . newline newline     newline  heya , stephen . what can i do for you today ?  newline newline  mr . allen , i regret to inform you that there we are cancelling our mutual defense treaty , our access treaties , in light of recent events . we will also be demanding that you remove any military personnel from our territories by thursday at 5 am . our time.  newline newline as the silence stretched out , stephen felt his pores start to open as sweat began forming . 5 seconds , 10 seconds , 30 seconds . finally , the president responded . newline newline  stephen , what i did was entirely justified . mexico  s plunging economy had threatened to bring down everyone else . if seor deleon had decided to accept our aid package , there would have been no reason for the invasion ! this is fucking unbelievable ! we have been allies for over a century . are you going to turn your back on that many years of friendship and loyalty ?  newline newline  brad , your troops fucking shot the president of mexico on live television . he was bloody unarmed ! you annexed mexico and divided it up into 6 new states . you are also actively involved in suppressing revolts in veracruz , los angeles , and san antonio using lethal force . you are killing your own citizens by the dozen.  newline newline he took a deep breath to regain composure newline newline  great britain as a nation can no longer support your actions as a leader or your nation , who continues to support such a corrupt government.  newline newline  i  m sorry that you feel that way . look , stephen , we  ve had enough discussions for you to know how i work with foreign affairs . i have a good list and i have a bad list . which list do you want to be on ?  newline newline now it was stephen  s turn to be silent . he looked up at john , his chief of staff . he nodded once . newline newline  that  s a double edged sword brad . you  re already at war with brazil , venezuela and colombia . india , china , and the eu are mobilizing their reserves . you  re losing allies by the hour , the s  p has dropped almost 30  over the past two weeks , and you have riots in almost every major city . sure , you have the most lethal force in the world by a huge margin . but you can  t take on the rest of the world alone . the eu and china are mobilizing reserves already . the world has already seen two world wars , we don  t need a third.  newline newline  the bad list then.  newline newline stephen heard the click before he could issue a response . his augmented intellect already began taking steps to ensure the safety of his people . newline newline  defense secretary daniels , bring us to level 2 defcon . ready the royal air force and the royal navy for war with the us . have the army set up positions in major cities and strategic ports . i will leave the specifics to you.  newline newline the instructions kept coming and one by one his advisors left his office for their own . soon , stephen sat alone in his office . he stepped over to the window in the room and rummaged around the cabinet there . with a great elation , he pulled out his last pack of camels . he opened the packet and looked at the two white cylinders inside . as he pulled one out , he marveled at how such a small thing could ruin his reputation . newline newline  then again ,  he though  let  s see how many people give a shit about illegal substances when missiles start raining down around them.  newline newline he lit his cigarette , inhaled , and let the smoke slowly drift out of his mouth into the dark . he closed his eyes and sat there smoking that camel down to the filter . he opened them and lit another match , watching it burn slowly . as it fizzled out , he looked out through the window at the assembled news vans parked out front . he could see several news anchors already lined up with a shot of the iconic doorway , recording their news segments . he went to strike another match , but noticed a red light in the early morning sky , right above the setting moon . he lit the match subconsciously and turned to see his security team come running through the doorway screaming into their throat mikes . since he was next to the open window , he was the first to be enveloped by the blast . newlineoh , they are all cgers now , or , crystal gaylers . even the men . every once in a while i will get the brave soul who just ca nt live with hair down to their ankles anymore . the others , the cgers , just walk past with nary a glance my way but how could they see past their brilliant laddersupported , highrise pompadour , or their radio flyers , as they like to call a particular style where the pile their hair onto a classic childhood favorite and strut around town . newline newline at first , most were willing to put up with the pain . some , including myself , would offer up nitrous oxide , like at the dentist , but licenses from the doh were difficult to obtain . so a black market of various knock out vapors and drugs grew out of the need to have one s hair cut . the dea tried to keep up with the incessant flow but as the tides go out so do the tides come in . newline newline gradually , everyone got used to having long hair . no longer were business men and corporate types required to be high and tight . in fact they were some of the first ones to abandon haircuts , why should they have to feel any pain . newline newline the tall glass vial in which the blue barbicide has nearly evaporated away is like a meter for my life . there is just an inch of blue left . newline newline  just a little off the top , please  don  t they have tech these days that like sprays water and breaks the rocks to smithereens or somethin  ?  rod asked the miner sitting next to him . they were part of a large group descending into the mines for another day of the same tedious rockbashing . newline newline  i think it  s like fricking or somethin  , but those environmentalist people have some kinda problem widdit , so they don  t use it a lot.  the miner replied . newline newline  okay , ladies , listen up.  jimmy , the foreman , announced over the pa speaker on the lift .  these are the assignments for the day.  rod muttered a string of creative insults to make even the heartiest sailor blush under his breath upon learning he was soloing one of the newer corridors . he  d have one of the new guys putting in shoring beams behind him , but he was in charge of excavating it . newline newline as the miners filed out , grabbing their implements , rod grabbed a jackhammer and headed into his tunnel . the small thing had already been dug in a fair deal , so he had a few minutes  walk before hitting rock . he was beginning to rev the hammer up , when he noticed it . newline newline  what in the ?  rod muttered , putting the jackhammer down . he grabbed a light and shined it to the wall , revealing what was indisputably a wooden door , stained a dark brown , embedded in the rock . the door looked like it had just come off the showroom floor of the door shop or wherever it is they sell doors . rod poked it . yep , it was a door . newline newline  hey , jimmy , come  ere and check this out.  rod said into his radio . a few minutes later , jimmy came down the corridor and saw it instantly . newline newline  what the fuck is this doin  here ?  jimmy asked . newline newline  your guess is jus  about as good as mine.  rod replied . newline newline  did ya go in ?  jimmy asked . newline newline  you fucking kidding me ?  newline newline  you wan na ?  newline newline  well , of course i wan na , but i  m not gon na because who knows what the fuck is behind that thing.  newline newline  we might as well check it out.  jimmy said , reaching for the doorknob . rod would  ve protested , but he wanted to see what was behind it . jimmy twisted the knob and opened the door , revealing nothing . it was literally just a pure black void . newline newline  what ?  rod muttered , poking it . the blackness swallowed his finger , and when he pulled it out , it came back unaltered . newline newline  this is weird.  jimmy said , grabbing a light . he poked the light in , and the part of the light that went in just stopped emitting light . when it came back out , the half of the light that had gone in was still not emitting light . jimmy smacked it against his palm a few times  nothing . newline newline  this is too weird.  rod said , moving to close the door . just a moment before the door closed , a black hand snapped out , holding the door open . newline newline  thank you gentlemen , for freeing me and mine.  a voice sounding almost like a victorian gentleman stated . the hand shoved the door back open , revealing a black arm extending from the darkness inside .  now we can repay the favor.  newline newline neither of them felt any pain . the rest of the mining crew , however , were not nearly as lucky . newlinethe pine stood at the forefront of the hilltop grove , proud and unyielding even in the wind . squirrels scampered across its branches , and nuthatches hopped up and down its trunk . it bustled with activity , teeming with life yet lived , but its trunk had been marked with a red x , and that meant maurice had to cut it down . newline newline he kicked the base of the tree , a warning sign that went mostly unheeded . they had their chance , maurice thought , and he lifted his axe and swung . shards of bark split from the wound , dissipating in tiny clouds . with each swing , the cut grew deeper , and maurice s arms grew heavier . he winced as the wind buffeted him with shrapnel . nature was resisting him in every way possible , but their efforts were futile  all maurice needed was time . newline newline the tenth swing was when maurice heard the scream . the axe fell from his hands , and he whirled around , scanning the expanse for a person . his ears perked up as something rustled in the branches above , but it was nothing , just a bird or a squirrel . maurice slumped against the tree , wiping his brow with his sleeve . his breathing returned to normal . the wind howled . nobody else was there . newline newline maurice picked up his axe and swung again . and again . and on the third swing , he heard it once more . the wail assailed his ears with wordless grief . the purity of its agony drowned its tone completely  it could have come from man , woman , or child . the hairs on maurice s back prickled as he turned around to see the nothing he expected he would find . someone had been here , though . the presence died as the scream did , but its aftermath lingered with the echo . newline newline he had heard stories , rumors , myths  the profession was inundated with them . some were outlandish : trees animating , possessed by their victims , and falling unexpectedly , crushing unsuspecting lumberjacks . some were urban legends : bands of assassins forming to protect the trees of their own number . many , however , were born on the edge between the real and the supernatural and sustained by the anxieties that plagued practitioners of his trade . such stories told of victims awakening in the middle of the night , buckling in pain as invisible axes cleaved into their stomachs , their skin flecks from wounds only they could see . their spirits would flee their bodies , burrowing through the earth in search for their lifelong partner . and on arrival , they would scream and flail and do anything to catch the attention of the lumberjack performing their execution , but to no avail . in their death throes , only one or two notes would ever make it into sound . newline newline such were the screams that pervaded lumberjack lore , the screams that maurice believed he was now hearing . he closed his eyes and let the wind whip the sweat off his cheeks . hallucination or not , it did nt matter  it was only a tree and its person . regardless of spirits and screams , both were meant to die today . he kicked the dirt between the roots , then clenched his teeth and raised his axe once more . newline newline two more swings , and the screaming resumed , resonating in his ears , coursing through his blood . as he made his way through the trunk , the screams grew louder and louder until agony was roaring all throughout his entire body . maurice found himself screaming along with the victim , simultaneously partaking in and administering their pain . he yearned to stay alive , to remain with friends and family he did nt even know , but each strike of the axe sent pangs of helplessness reverberating through his body . the weight of a life cut short fled through the gash widening in his stomach . newline newline the screaming died without warning , and the change sent maurice offkilter . he swung and struck empty air , stumbling forward . he shook himself from his trance : he could no longer sense the presence , and there was only a shred of bark left to cut through . maurice gathered himself , swallowed , and made the swing . newline newline the tree creaked and began to fall away . maurice dropped his axe and sighed . the screams began to dissipate from his memory  they seemed so outofplace now , so unreal , and he began to wonder if he had imagined the entire ordeal . surely , he thought , there was a plausible explanation , a psychological reason . the myths were just that : myths . newline newline he was too embroiled in his thoughts to notice the tree alter its course and begin to fall on top of him .death waited painfully out of reach for the girl , biding its time and letting her abused soul decay in suffrage . she was but a heap of beautiful blood and bone  once gold tendrils now drab with dust and gnarls , and cornflower blue eyes beaten into the shades of glassy misery . newline newline newline raising her head in a painful attempt to see the sun outside her cavern of imprisonment , the girl put every ounce of faith she had left into one last act . a prayer for the end . newline newline newline as she lay there , yearning for death , a shape emerged over the lip of the cliff face her cave rested upon . she blinked once , twice . the edges were blurry , but as the figure came to full height she could not mistake the form of a man . a sword rested at his side as he looked into the gloom of the cave s mouth , and she felt a curious flutter of excited panic within her ribcage . had lord death answered her call ? was he here to collect what was left of her spirit ? newline with every bit of strength she could muster , the young lady lifted her cheek from the gritty wall of rock and watched this stranger approach . as he entered the dank cavern , one arm raised against the dust and stench , she realized this man was not death , but rather an all too familiar face . newline newline newline a joy so achingly powerful it nearly devastated her exploded within the girls broken body . she tried to stand , to meet the man halfway as he rushed towards her , but the clanking of her shackles shocked her into stillness . he came to kneel beside her , taking hold of trembling , cold hands and pressed his forehead to hers . newline newline newline  aye ,  his voice , hoarse and catching , shook weakly .  i knew it.  the girl squeezed her eyes shut and nodded , bathing in the sound of his northern lilt , so familiar after years of deprivation . newline newline newline newline their sweet silence was shattered with an earth shuddering groan . they both looked to the black of the cave , watching as a plume of dust bellowed out towards them . another moan , this one louder , echoed through their bones . newline the man backed away , catching his lady  s groping hands . newline newline newline  i won  t leave ye.  the promise rang true within his heart , but she could not find a place for it in hers . terror shredded its way through her like a bowl of hot broth tilted down her spine as she watched him slip back outside the cave and out of sight . newline the caverns ceiling sent down a shower of debris as the beast moved deep within its shadows . a deep thud sent the ground under her rolling and she huddled tightly against the wall , watching the dust and rock pelt the earth from above . another quake followed , and then another , each one tugging her hearth further into her throat . with a long groan , the beast settled and the dust quelled itself . newline newline newline it  s head , easily that of the size of two cart horses lay out of the depths , the fat lips sagging around its chipped tusks . although the beast snored , his ear gave a lazy flop against the sound of the girls shackles , and she resisted any temptation to move . with the giant only yards away , she let any hope of escape melt away . newline newline newline but that was not an option for her savior as he eased back into peril . skittering across the hard granite , sword at the ready , the man watched this beast with calculating discontent . newline newline newline  i canna free ye without waking him.  the man knelt in front of his lady , taking hold of her hand once more . her gut lurched and she squeezed his fingers between hers in a vice . he clenched even harder .  i  d rather die with ye than live a hundred years without.  the two souls stared at each other , their devotion and loyalty as bare as it was on their wedding night , and an understanding passed between the two . with a firm nod , the girl swallowed fear and replaced it with the will to lay with that man once more , to hold him in their home , and to bear his child . she  d fight along side her love , she decided , and would live the same . newline newline newline  stand up , stretch the chains out ,  he helped her stand , speaking steadily in the dark as to provide what comfort was possible . she did as he asked , pulling her feet as closely together as she could , stretching the chains taut on either side . he steadied her with a firm hand upon her shoulder . newline newline newline  ready ?  the cave was so silent his voice seemed to vibrate within the walls . the girl took one glance at the giant and nodded . newline newline newline with an enormous heave , the man smashed the chain of her left shackle , steel against steel clanging through the stones like thunder . the beasts eyes shot open , dust flying as it snorted with surprise . the girl squeezed her eyes against what was sure to be her demise , but her husband lifted his sword yet again , braking the right chain with twice more force than the previous . the giant bellowed , flipping onto his stomach and planting two massive hands against the cave floor . newline newline newline as her captor rose , the girl was swept into the man s arms and he dashed for the exit . she watched over his shoulder , the beast stumbling towards them , his arm extended and fingers groping for the stolen treasure . she whipped her head forwards again to watch in terror as the man hurled them off the cliff face . newline newline newline stomach lurching , she waited for impact , for bones to break and skin to tear . but they landed solidly and unscathed , swooping upwards once more on a sudden gust of air . she opened her eyes . newline newline newline the dragon was small by an armies standards , but beautiful none the less . its neck stretched forward in a gleaming sheath of green scales , and the wings on either side of the couple rode the wind as gently as a birds feather . newline newline newline  seven hells !  she could nt help the exclamation , nor the bubbling laughter that followed . her husband laughed as well , holding her tightly to him with one arm , the other out stretched to hold his dragons reins . the trio burst through a low cloud bank , basking in a ray of sun , before dropping back down towards the cave . newline newline newline the giant stood on the edge of the cliff , screaming into the air and pounding meaty fists against the mountain side . they swooped lower still , and the girl could nt ignore that deep within her flesh groaned a creature of doubt . newline newline newline the man turned his wife so that she sat astride the dragons saddle , securing her hands around the horn of it . newline  he will not rest until he has you.  the hot breath of his words tickled the soft tendrils of hair that curled around her ear . their dragon soared even lower until they were only yards away from the monster  and i canna let him have you.  with that , she felt him drop away . screaming , she twisted around to watch him drop , landing roughly upon the giants back . the beast roared , pawing awkwardly behind himself and bucking manically . her husband drove his steel into the giants back , pulling it out in a spray of blood . grabbing hold of the attacker , the giant ripped him from its body , smashing him downwards . newline newline newline the girls scream could be heard for miles , carrying along the mountain tops like a sirens call of the sea . cresting around the mountain , her husbands mount let out its own bellowing cry . the two them sailed the wind in silence as the dragon turned back , desperately searching for its master . mist veiled their return and the girl urged the dragon to dip lower.she leaned forward , stretching along the armored neck and pressing her cheek against the cool scales . newline newline newline  find him.  she pleaded , letting the last of her water supply drip out from under her lashes . newline newline newline silence gripped the mountain range with a heaviness that made her sick , and the girl scanned the ground , wanting nothing more than to find her cave of tortures once more . there ! ebbing through the swath of mist she spotted the gaping maw . newline two heaving shoulders were visible as the giant looked down upon the girls husband , and she did not take more than a second before digging her heels into the dragon and taking up the reins . newline newline newline an archers arrow could never match the speed and dexterity of that dragon , as no warrior could belch out such a battle cry as the wife upon its back . the two shot through the air and just as that remorseless behemoth turned to deliver a killing blow , the girl flung herself off the mount in a pounce that sent them both over the cliffs edge . as they plummeted , her hands digging into the flesh of the giants throat , the girl felt victory for the first time in her life , springing forth from the darkness that haunted her soul and shining like a red buck upon the crest of a hill . she would defeat this beast not by overpowering it , but with absolute refusal of the fear it tried to strike within her . newline newline newline a screech from above was the girls only warning before one taloned foot grasped around her middle and wrenched her away from the giant . she watched as he fell , eyes finally holding the terror she carried upon her shoulders for so long . the dragon pumped its wings , carrying them upwards until she was able to scramble back onto the cliff . newline newline newline there he lay , bloodied and limp . newline newline newline swallowing down an urge to turn away , the girl crawled towards the man . despite the surge of strength still swimming through her veins , she could not manage to stand but only drag herself over dust and rock . newline newline newline taking his head into her hands , she swept away dark locks and stared into the face she  d loved for so long . married for only a fortnight before she  d been taken , her memory began to deprive her of his features . he was not one of fine lines and fair hair like the men her friends had pined for , but the girl decided long ago he was the most beautiful thing she  d ever seen . with a dirty hand , she swept her thumb across one wide cheekbone , watching a smudge of color blossom underneath . newline newline newline  wake , my love.  she whispered , lowering her head to place a gentle kiss upon his lips . she stayed there , flesh pressed upon flesh , and did not move when she felt a hand slide up her arm to settle gently at her shoulder . newline newline newline  strong as steel , my wife.  his words were nearly silent , meant only for her as they passed from his lips onto hers . newline newline newline  sweet as sunshine , husband.  newline newline newline they keep me locked up in a cupboard , you know ,  said harry casually to the cashier . newline she only made a noncommittal noise and glanced at vernon , who was loading the bags of groceries into the cart . the first time she heard harry say this , she had been concerned , but three years and countless grocery trips later had her impervious to the boy  s odd statements . newline newline  there  s spiders and everything . they only give me their leftovers to eat , and make me cook and clean and go to bed early.  harry did not seem to notice that his audience was not paying attention to him and continued to ramble . he looked even smaller than usual with the bags of groceries piled around him in the cart . newline newline  that will be 58.90 ,  she told vernon . he handed her his credit card and turned to harry . newline newline  now harry , we  ve discussed this  he began to say . newline newline  i  m going back to hogwarts and you can  t stop me !  harry interrupted .  i  ll find the broomstick you hid and fly to ron  s house , his family actually likes me !  newline newline the cashier passed vernon his credit card and the receipt . she attempted to give him an encouraging smile but it appeared more as a distasteful grimace . vernon nodded and started pushing the cart out of the store .  harry my boy , when does your school start ?  he asked , trying a different tactic with his nephew . newline newline  september first , of course ,  harry replied .  you  ll bring me to platform 9  and i  ll ride the hogwarts express . but first i  ll need to go to diagon alley to pick up my supplies and money from my vault . has my letter arrived yet ? i  ll need to know what to buy when i go there.  newline newline  harry ,  vernon said cautiously as he loaded the bags into the car ,  today is september the eighth . there  s been no letter , no , errdiagonally . don  t you think you would have heard from your school by now ?  newline newline harry stared at him .  buti was supposed to be there by now.  his face began to screw up in anger .  you  ve kept me from hogwarts ! just wait until dumbledore hears about this , he  ll come get me himself !  vernon finished loading the groceries and turned to harry . having had many years of practice , he was able to quickly remove the angry boy from the cart and force him into the car despite his flailing and unwillingness . newline newline as the two drove back to privet drive , vernon once again tried to talk to harry .  now on monday you  ll begin your new school year at st. brutus  . do you remember your school ?  harry glared at him .  your other school , i mean ? you came home with lovely reviews last year , i  m sure you  ll have lots of fun again this time.  newline newline  i  m going to hogwarts , not that place ,  harry mumbled . as soon as vernon parked the car in the driveway , harry bolted out and ran into the house . vernon struggled to carry all of the groceries in and placed them in the kitchen . petunia was in the sitting room , looking out of the back window . newline newline  he  s at it again ,  she said sadly . her only connection to her sister who had tragically died in a car wreck was outside with a broomstick between his legs , running and jumping into the air in an attempt to fly . vernon grasped her hand and they watched as harry continued to jump and crash into the ground . they watched until the sun began to set and harry collapsed on the ground , holding his broomstick and muttering  it  s real , it  s real  newlineit s difficult for me to be really impartial on something like this , because someone stealing my work is one of my biggest fears . newline newline plagiarism is never ok and i definitely think he should get into some sort of trouble for this . i also do nt think it should result in expulsion or inability to graduate get into colleges . maybe i m a bit naive on this , but i feel like something like this can easily be a learning experience for him . if he s honest and apologetic in the future about what happened to any admissions counselors or other parties asking about the situation , i do nt see why that honesty and the lesson he learned should nt work in his favor .it happened january 1st , 2018 . newline newline they called it the rapture , but i knew better . newline across our world walls started to fall from the skies . newline newline they were caging us in like little rats . who were they ? we do nt know . but it is evident that some being is doing this to us , to test us , to enslave us . the final wall came but not from the sides , it covered the sky . our sky . our beautiful light had been extinguished . newline newline it feels like it has been years , but today finally we got our first sign of hope . the walls shifted . newline newline they shifted . newline newline it was the slightest of movement , but all across the land we started to cheer . we were almost free . newline newline as they shifted again , we began to hear a voice . newline newline  m ... ooo ...  newline newline we stopped and raised our ears as we listened intently . newline newline light newline newline it blazed in from the sky as we saw the upper wall come crashing down . newline newline it fell on hundreds of us , smashing us immediately . newline screams began to ring out , as we scrambled to survive . newline newline as the last part of the wall collapsed , we saw a shadow descend upon our land . newline newline it s spoke . newline newline newline  mom ! ! ! i got new legos ! ! !  newline newlinean audible click sounded as the key twisted in its chamber , locking the door from the outside . she pounded upon the door with such force that i feared it would give way . she screamed and cried out , the muffled song of a beautiful bird trapped sorrowfully in its cage . i could nt free her from the prison as i knew that she would quickly take flight . it would be best if she remained there . if she just stayed there , we could stay together . i would even slip her food and water under the door if she was good . the noises on the other side of the door stopped suddenly , jarringly . i called out to her , fearing the worst . through stifled sobs she began to laugh uncontrollably . she was going to free herself of me , one way or another . newline newline fumbling hands brought the key to the lock once more as i sought to stop her from whatever plan she had in mind . i threw open the door only to find myself met with a hard right and then a left , both her hands shoving me to the floor as she scrambled to escape . i grabbed her leg as it passed over my torso , unwilling to let her escape . she fell hard . we rolled around on the floor exchanging love taps . when the final blow had landed , i sat atop her chest breathing heavily as she lay beneath me bloodied and bruised . she was unconscious and i was terrified . i could nt let her leave me . i needed her . there had to be some way that i could keep her , a way to make her mine . i wanted her to be safe , with me , forever . newline newline i ran through the house searching for any kindling and fire starting fluid i could find . i grabbed everything from cotton balls and alcohol to worn out shirts and kerosene . covering the house in the haphazard mixture , i procured a book of matches and secured my runaway bird . she wanted to escape , but i needed her here . there was only one way that we could both have what we wanted . i would solve this . she could finally be happy . i struck the match and watched the tiny flame dance upon the wooden stick as i advanced towards the door . i threw the match and stepped outside as the fire rapidly spread . as i walked down the driveway , i could hear the fire crackling behind me . newline newline a hail of broken glass rained down before my feet as the flames sprang up and out , stretching towards the night sky as if to set it ablaze . the lawn tinted yellow and orange with the overbearing light , the vibrant grass withering from the heat as i began to perspire . sirens screamed down the street , beckoned by our meddlesome neighbors who had almost certainly called before the crux of our commotion . seeing me stand there , alone , they had to know that she was still inside the house somewhere . i did nt care . it was too late to save her now , she was safe there in the fire , all her fears and concerns had went up in smoke . now that she was free of her earthly ties , we could be together forever . myself and my dearly departed . newline newline 202the most frightening monsters are the ones you ca nt fight or flee . a charybdian can be avoided . a sea serpent can be distracted with a suitable offering . even a kraken will probably leave one or two pathetic stragglers on planks , somewhere in the ocean . but none of us had even imagined what the saklas would do . newline newline  saklas .  alhazred picked the name . a false god , he called it . alhazred was my best friend and my first mate . an old persian , he d taken up piracy when he was kneehigh to a salamander and was still squalling sixty years later . he knew things . things like ,  captains do nt live long . always be first mate .  and how to know where you were by the way fish were swimming  far more complicated than it sounds . and how to repair a ship when stranded on a deserted coast devoid of vegetation , too scared of the law to head inland . and the names of false gods . he got me through so much . he could nt get me through everything . newline newline poor old bastard . newline newline the other monsters have the courtesy to at least kill their victims when they consume them . the saklas did no such thing . it devoured us whole , while never touching us against our will . we fell into its arms . newline newline it is nt alive , the saklas . it s a stone . a beautiful , abhorrent red gem the size of a human being , carved into a rough facsimile of what i thought , when i first saw it , was an angel . but it s very much aware . it knows everything that happens around it , and far more . but it feeds on our ilk . the second we entered its cavern , our greed damned us  the second we touched the damned thing , our folly did . we saw the bones , we knew there was a trap . but i sent michael to test it  bold , foolish michael . we saw the vermilion flash in his eyes before he told us it was safe . we gathered to pick it up  and touched it ourselves . newline newline i was one of the first . do you know what it s like , wanting to scream a message when your mouth calmly speaks the reverse ? warning them that they ll be strangers to their own bodies , locked behind their eyes ? it was eight long years ago , i was trapped inside myself . the others are all dead now , working in servitude to that thing . i labor on . they labor on , too , but i assume their souls  if there be such a thing  have left their bodies . it keeps me  alive  as a trophy . newline newline run , i shout to the new crew that has arrived , concealed behind a pile of gold . run , you fools , or become like me . but my traitor lips do not move . kill me and save humanity ! ! !  i screamed at the oneway mirror . newline newline someone had to be behind there . they would nt leave me alone . even if i am strapped to this table . newline newline i slam my head into the white leather table . thick straps hold me down , a faded slightly yellowed straitjacket . i bellow at the top of my lungs from pure frustration . they need to know . this concerns everyone . newline newline as it squirms in my chest , a flash of the hideous creature appears in my mind . chasing down a child . my child . newline newline  no ! !  i attempt to flail my constrained body . it rattles the buckles . the table does nt budge . it must be bolted down . newline newline  it s inside of me ! do an xray ! do an mri ! you ll see it .  my eyes dash back and forth across the clean white ceiling .  you.. you had to have scanned me to bring me inside this ship ! it s against safety procedures to let anything or anyone come into another vessel without scanning it . you saw it ? did nt you ?  newline newline flashes of embryos and fetuses in jars from my days in the lab . i try to remember the spider.. spider or crab.. whatever it was . it had bones . i felt them grip into my face . newline newline i jerk quickly to look at the mirror . they have to see me . i know your back there .  i check my face for bruises . i lift my chin to see my neck . i know the .. i do nt even know what it is.. z that thing wrapped something around my neck . i felt it before i passed out . i wrench my neck and move my eyes clear over to try to see my neck . stars start appearing my vision as i strain myself . the damned straitjacket is blocking my neck . i settle back and look to the ceiling , eyes dodging quickly . newline newline i feel a tap on my sternum . newline newline  god damn it ! i know your there . i can feel your eyes on me !  i inhale sharply to regain my voice .  we do nt have time for this . get me your superior officer ! get me the doctor ! get me weyland !  newline newline i hear a fuzzy click .  weyland ?  newline newline  aha ! i knew you were there , you fucks !  do nt mess this up . you need to tell them .   uh uh.. there were documents . from the weylandyutani industries . uhh..  newline newline images of the paperwork and diary entries on screens flooded my head . what was her name ?   rripnnoripley.. yes ! ripley ! there was a ripley who was documenting this thing . weyland has been studying it for a long time.. what was it c  newline newline my chest seemed to fill up and turn . i wanted to throw up but i knew it would nt rid me on this horrible creature . zoomorzemorno ugh what was it ?  i felt tiny claws inside of my chest , the pain was excruciating . newline newline  xenomorph !  i cried out in agony , tears rolling down my face . newline newline another fuzzy click over the intercom . the lights around me seemed to get brighter and there is a terrible screaming ringing in my ear from the blood pressure rising in my body . newline newline the door opens and a man in a hazmat suit with a netthrowing gun appears . a woman s voice is behind him .  he s confirmed it s a xenomorph . weyland needs the specimen alive .  newline newline what ? what ? !  newline newline  no . kill me please you ca nt let it get out . it killed everyone please . oh god .  for a split second , i could hear nothing , feel nothing . for that fleeting second i look down to see its long slender head bursting through my chest . then , black . newline newline  criticism welcomedwanted . edit : forgot a word the lidless eye : an allseeing miracle newline lets me spy on private materials newline open connection  flawless picture newline eating others  cereal newline reading others  scripture newline the world through the eyes of anyone alive newline see anyone cry and anyone die newline finally , free from my loneliness newline let go of anxiety and unlock my sobriety newline an odious key  my personal piety . newline newline i just wish too that i could hear you newline more than just the view newline i m craving something new newline ripe and rotting  my ears lay dormant newline sick and tired of this white noise torrent newline what s a discussion ? newline what does laughter sound like ? newline time to invent the omnipotent mic newline and while i m at it i ll make universal headphones newline wait , shit , do nt they already have those ? newline voluntarily confined to my office desk chair newline sitting in my underwear  i see you re on reddit newline rwritingprompts , i have to give you credit newline does it bother you ? newline it bothers me newline that i can see you see but you ca nt see me . newline we have got to stop meeting like this !  anna exclaimed as she slammed the apartment door behind her .  they will kill us both ethan .  newline newline  i know . but i wanted to see you ,  replied ethan as he stood up from his chair to embrace her .  i have a plan .  newline newline  what ? a plan ?  anna whispered . standing on the tips of her toes , she squeezed her arms around his chest , letting her body weight sink onto him . newline newline they stood there for a few moments longer . the only sounds were that of the ceiling fan and the sound of russian soldiers patrolling the streets below . it was the heart of the cold war . newline newline it was on ethan s second post in east berlin where he had met anna at a small cafe . their meeting was the typical hollywood meet cute  anna bumping into ethan as he finished paying his bill , spilling the remaining coffee in his cup . unbeknownst to them , each represented the other side of the war . their love however would pull them both across enemy lines and have them truly wonder exactly who the true enemy was . newline newline  there is a train that leaves tomorrow at 10am ,  whispered ethan .  meet me at the station .  newline newline he grabbed anna by the shoulders and slowly backed her away from him . ethan wanted to see the look in her eyes . he could see his greatest fear in her eyes . he could see her internal struggle with his plan . newline newline anna s eyes darted back and forth onto ethan s . she was searching for the right answer but was coming up short . she could see the life in him begin to falter from her silence . newline newline numb from all of the pain and heartache that they had carried these last few months , she finally broke down ,  ok.  ethan smiled and hugged her once more . newline newline tears began to slide down her cheek and soak into the shoulder of his coat . they were nt tears of happiness but tears of sadness for she knew , deep down , that she could not go away with him . she believed that all of this was bigger than them . she was willing to sacrifice love for country . newline newline the next day , ethan waited at the train terminal . the late morning sun was beaming through the glass ceiling of the great station . hundreds of people and soldiers weaved through the crowd around him . his eyes were set upon the entrance to the terminal waiting to see her smile come around into view . newline newline the station agent blew his whistle to alert passengers for the final boarding call . ethan waited as long as he could , never removing his gaze from the terminal entrance . anna s smile never came around the corner . she never came running down the terminal steps . and she never leaped into ethan s arms to accept a new life together . newline newline ethan boarded the train and found an empty seat . as the train left the station , he kept his eyes on the terminal entrance till it was no longer in sight . newline newline hey princess , wakey wakey !  alexi said as he jostled me awake , after which i immediately remembered why i went to sleep as my ear drums were assaulted by the whir of the helicopters blades slicing the air . all thirty of us were packed together into the vehicle , the afghan heat settling in this compartment , baking us in this damn sardine can . the deafening sound of the chopper blades neutralized any attempts at conversation with anyone not next to you , so i closed my eyes and let my mind take hold , thinking about how i got here in the first place . newline newline a year ago i was in moscow , a university student and son of a party official , which is always a nice perk to have in the workers paradise . newline newline will add more .the movie ? downfall 2 : hitler s dream reborn newline newline : : : : : blackness : : : : newline newline narrator  arnold schwarzenegger  : i was so tired . i had given up hope . my dream , i finally realized was over . i was just about to end it all when eva stopped me and told me there was another way . we could escape , we could live and shape the world from the behind the curtain . our reich would not die but merely transform , becoming harder to destroy . i would create governments all around the world to support my ideas , and overthrow the one s that did nt . but first i had to break free of the vile communists . we shot our body doubles and had them burned in the street to distract the russians . then using a friendly contact we snuck out of berlin and made our way to argentina where a friendly doctor helped me change my appearance . newline newline : : : : : :1946 argentina , swearing in of juan peron : : : : : newline newline the camera pans over a massive cheering crowd , everyone as far as the eye can see is screaming in adoration as juan peron gives his speech . as the camera comes to a stop on peron you notice a man in plain clothes off to the side of the stage . he  morgan freeman  looks up at the camera and says  the rest is history  newlineit was all over the news . newline newline or , at least , it would have been , if the news channels had been running . flights across the world were booked up as people desperately tried to get home , trying in vain to communicate with others in languages they did nt speak . suburban housewives found themselves waking up in the middle of zambia among strangers , and tribal leaders found themselves arising alone in parisian lofts . newline newline those who could communicate cried that it had been an act of an angry god on a world that lacked empathy . many of those who could nt communicate or could nt travel home perished , by the hands of others and by their own minds  the really unfortunate ones perished from terminal illness and other more natural causes  . televisions showed nothing but static , since those qualified to run them were miles and miles away , and governments across the world were shut down . kim jongun woke up in the body of a twelveyearold girl in afghanistan , and a sri lankan boy woke up the president of the united states . newline newline for many , it was considered the end of the world . no one knew what to make of things anymore , and children were waking up in guantanamo bay , where the guards they could only sometimes communicate with did nt know how to free them . newline newline it was only in their confusion and fear that the world knew unity , and it was only out of horror that all people , across all races , genders , and backgrounds , joined together to figure out just what they had done wrong .avada kedavra ! newline newline newline the young man sighed and stepped aside as the spell moved past him . his dark robes swirled around his feet with the movement . seriously , he thought , this was starting to seem like a bad idea . newline newline newline  you dare defy me ? avada kedavra ! why won  t you die ?  newline newline newline  well , my lord , this was one thing i had wanted to mention . it seems like a problem that spells can just be dodged , doesn  t it ? they only travel about as fast as one could throw a stone , anyway . give me a chance , and i will show you the great muggle weapons of which i was speaking.  newline newline newline voldemort stood at the other end of the hallway , his face a mask of malice and rage . newline newline newline  think about it , my lord ! doesn  t the potter boy always escape right when you have him in your clutches ? how did he get away at the graveyard ? wasn  t it by diving around gravestones every time you fired a curse at him ? doesn  t that seemineffective ?  newline newline newline  you dare to question my magics ? i , who have traveled farther down the paths of immortality than any other ? i , who will live forever ? crucio ! crucio ! crucio !  newline newline newline the young death eater sidestepped the first spell , ducked under the second , and watched as the third hit a chandelier on the ceiling , sending it crashing down between him and the dark lord . newline newline newline voldemort was now doubled over , exhausted by the effort of screaming and firing off curse after unforgivable curse . newline newline newline  and my lord , doesn  t it seem inefficient to have to scream every time you kill someone ? what if you have to kill , like , i don  t know , twenty people at a time ? with muggle weapons , you can kill without even opening your mouth ! you can kill people before they even hear a noise ! doesn  t what i  m saying sound worth listening to ?  newline newline newline voldemort stood up straight , still panting . his lidless eyes stared at the young wizard from out of his noseless , snakelike face . he spoke again , his voice low and dangerous . newline newline newline  i will never listen to the likes of you , worm . i will kill you with my unrivaled magic power and feed your corpse to nagini ! avada kadavra ! crucio ! imperius ! stupify ! expeliaramus ! batboogy hexiaramus !  newline newline newline the young man sighed again , and moved his body flat against the wall . he watched as all of the colorful curses , spells , and hexes flowed past , down the hall . they were pretty at least , he  d give them that . he had hoped the dark lord would listen to his advice and change his tactics , but there seemed to be no getting through to him . time to change plans . newline newline newline hewhomustnotbenamed was a great leader , charismatic and terrifying to his allies and foes alike . but , he was stuck in his ways , stuck in the past . the wizarding world was stuck in the past . the time had come for change . newline newline newline these muggles , they were not stupid , nor were they simple . with no magic to aid them in the struggles of their daily lives and wars with each other , they had created powerful and innovative technologies far beyond what the wizarding world had control of . newline newline newline the wizards had grown fat and lazy with magic to solve every problem in their lives . newline newline newline the cascade of spells through the hallway had stopped . voldemort still stood at the other end of the fallen chandelier , again panting as he readied himself for another tirade . the young death eater stepped back into the center of the corridor and faced the dark lord . newline newline newline  come back for another helping , have you ? prepare to die.  newline newline newline the death eater drew his hand out from under his cloak , revealing a .9 mm , britishmade , muggle pistol . newline newline newline  a new dark lord is in town , bitches.  newline newline newline he pulled the trigger . newlineher wings spread out in a majestic fashion and i was instantly stricken by her flawless beauty . the thick scales shimmered down her back as she glanced in my direction . it was at this moment that i knew she was to be mine . i snapped my neck to one side and threw to her a deep long stare that should bring even the fairest in the land to her knees , but she stood resolute . i tried once again , but this time i wound up my neck with two full turns before delivering the long gaze of true love accompanied with a flick of the wrist and a hand on my hip . she wavered . in this second i knew to take my chance , for there would not be another opportunity such as this . i quickly ran to her , slightly intimidated by her broad stature , and leapt up to mount her . i landed perfectly , while she roared in surprise . it was clearly her first time . she thrashed around a bit as she was clearly in pain . i told her it would be okay , and slowly ran my fingers down her leg . the scales were not as thick in this area and it seemed to comfort her . she began to enjoy the sensation and i picked up the momentum from my initial mount . she screamed out again , but this time it was different . her shriek carried a tone of excitement and she began to match my rhythm . i felt her fire burning deep inside of me and it was then that we became one together . it was a feeling of pure ecstasy that words can not describe . when all was said and done she caressed me gently with her sturdy snout and looked into my eyes one last time . she had no words , but her eyes clearly said ,  until we meet again , my love  . with that she gave a mighty flap of her wings and took to the sky . i once again admired the curves of her figure and thought about how lucky a man i am . surely , we shall meet again . mr. whiskers , no !  newline newline mr. whiskers was scratching away at the back door and mewling sadly . he looked up at his human with pleading eyes . newline newline the human looked down sadly at the battered feline . his tail was broken and crooked , a chunk missing from his ear , and patchy fur from scratches and bites . the poor cat came back every morning with new marks , yet still insisted on going out every night . newline newline  i ca nt let you go out . you always get hurt , and the vet s starting to think i m the one doing it to you ! i ca nt let you keep doing this to yourself ,  the human said .  what if you do nt come back ?  newline newline mr. whiskers continued his scraping and pleading at the back window . the human threw his hands up and left the room for bed without opening the back door . mr. whiskers hissed in mild frustration , then leaped onto the bookshelf and headed for the window . newline newline his agile paws unlocked the window and slid it open . there was a screen there for insects , but that had never been a problem before . a push at the sides made it pop free easily . mr. whiskers then slid the window almost completely closed so the human would nt notice the draft , and pushed the loosened screen back into place as best he could . fortunately , there was a potting bench against the house directly underneath it , so he had something to sit on at almost the same height . the screen was starting to not fit properly from being removed so much , which he noted as a potential problem if the human ever noticed . newline newline mr. whiskers took in a breath of the refreshing cool night air . he leapt up onto a tall fence overlooking the neighbour s yard , then strolled along fence tops until he came to his destination . newline newline of course they had to have a dog outside . mr. whiskers snorted derisively . all the dogs , cats , rabbits , parrots , ferrets , and chincillas in the neighbourhood knew mr. whiskers . and none of them liked him at all . they knew what it meant when mr. whiskers came to their house . newline newline mr. whiskers hopped down from the fence and sat just outside of the length of leash his new foe was tied to . the dog startled awake at the smell of him , and instantly started yapping and clawing in mr. whiskers  direction , but could not reach . the cat sat there calmly eyeing him . newline newline get out of here cat ! do nt you dare !  the dog barked angrily . newline newline i m sorry friend . you know that what i do is what needs to be done ,  mr whiskers meowed solemnly in reply . newline newline let me do it , then ! oh god , please do nt let this happen to my family !  she whimpered her response . she finally stopped clawing and biting the air in front of the cat , and now just slumped to the ground in defeat . newline newline you ca nt . only i can ,  mr. whiskers mewed factually . but it was nt without some sympathy . he rested a paw on the dog s nose , claws retracted , in an attempt to comfort the human s guardian . newline newline time was running out . mr. whiskers could smell it from here . without another sound from his lips he darted towards the house . newline newline a basement window was left open for some breeze , and though the screen gave him some trouble , he eventually tore it free . left a couple tears in it , but it would nt matter whether anyone noticed it this time . he slid the window open enough so he could squeeze through . there was nt a bookshelf or anything to step on just inside the window , so it was a long drop , and would be a high leap back up to leave . mr. whiskers noted this for later . mr. whiskers headed upstairs and found a closed door blocking his way . no matter , he thought , and did a quick leap to turn the knob , with his momentum pushing the door open enough to slip through . newline newline he found her sitting in the livingroom in front of a low fire . it must have been burning for a while , because it was mostly red cinders now . mr. whiskers  gaze was fixated on the fireplace for a moment , naturally drawn to the heat and light . newline newline  oh , hello pretty kitty ! where on earth did you come from ?  the rough female voice cooed . newline newline mr. whiskers meowed a response , but the old human would nt understand it . he leapt up into her lap getting on top of her knitting , and worked his claws into his new perch to make it more comfortable before curling up and purring . he felt her fragile hands start to run down his back . newline newline  well , i m glad i have you as company ,  the human said . she coughed sharply and mr. whiskers rose to look at her face , concerned . she continued to pet him , and he settled back down .  i think i know why you re here ,  she said . newline newline mr. whiskers flicked an ear at that . there s no possible way she really understood his role tonight . no human ever did . he would visit their homes and comfort them , but none of them actually figured out why . well , he thought , it s not like they d have the chance to . newline newline  you re here , because i m about to die ,  the old human said solemnly . newline newline mr. whiskers looked up at her , but remained relaxed . curious how she managed to figure it out . newline newline the old human kept talking as she gently stroked his fur .  i know i do nt have much time left . i ve been sick for a while now , and it s only gotten worse over time . people my age ca nt fight off illness like the young can . at some point your body just surrenders to it . i think that s what s happening here . i think tonight is my time .  newline newline mr. whiskers felt a bead of rain hit him on the forehead . he flicked his ears irritated , but the human wiped it up quickly . newline newline  i m sorry . thank you for being here for me ,  she said .  my children are long gone and have busy lives of their own , and my husband passed last year . apart from sally out in the yard , and you i suppose , i have no one left to see me off .  newline newline that s why i m here , mr. whiskers thought . i m here for those who have no one . newline newline  can you do something for me , sweetie ?  the old human asked .  can you find someone to take care of sally ? maybe a young family who can keep up with her energy . she s always been sweet on my great grandkids , she ll keep them safe and protect them like they were her own pups .  newline newline mr. whiskers stood in her lap and mewed his acknowledgement of her last request , then rubbed his head against her chin . i will try  , the cat purred . newline newline the human s fragile face twisted into a smile , and more rain formed at the corners of her eyes .  thank you , kitty . thank you .  newline newline                       newline newline mr. whiskers stayed with her until dawn , though she had fallen asleep and passed peacefully a couple hours before . he went out into the back yard where sally was sound asleep . he bit and chewed and scratched at the rope that held sally in place . it took far too long for his claws and jaws to work the rope free from it s post , but it was done . sally stirred just as he finished , and immediately charged the cat . mr. whiskers was no stranger to this , and managed to leap onto a tall fence , then paused to speak to the dog . newline newline your human has passed peacefully in her sleep . her last thoughts were of you , dog . sally . i ve untied you , so you can find a new family , a new home .  mr. whiskers meowed to the grieving dog . newline newline sally whimpered and lowered her paws from the fence . i do nt know what to do without my master ,  she whined sadly . newline newline there is another master for you out there .  mr. whiskers took a moment to think . actually , if you wander to the next street over , there s a house with a fish pond and two young humans that recently lost their mother . if you go to them , i think they ll be happy to have you as a surrogate .  newline newline sally had never had puppies of her own before , but she did enjoy her master s pups . mr. whiskers travelled atop the fence to the gate and lifted the lock , while sally pushed on the door with her paws . she was free to find a new start , a new master . newline newline mr. whiskers returned to his home and carefully pulled the window screen back in place behind him , then closed and locked the window . no fights with family pets tonight , mr. whiskers thought relieved . sally certainly tried , but he d kept her at a distance . after covering his return by sliding the window closed and locked it , he went to the human s bedroom and sat on his chest . newline newline feed me ,  mr. whiskers demanded of the human s sleeping form . he tapped his face with a paw and the human eventually woke . the sun is up . feed me .  newline newline  mr . whiskers ?  the human asked .  oh , i m so glad you did nt go out last night , i worry about you so much .  newline newline mr. whiskers cleared his nose in a satisfied snort . his human would never know that he was the reaper for the neighbourhood .this call may be recorded to help make sure to help assure all of the lords followers see a little heaven on earth with their bodies newline newline  welcome for calling god s hotline , my name hashim , how may i help you ?  newline newline hello , hashim , i called to try and get a tech to help  i ve been seeing a few glitches in my body recently i d like to fix . newline newline  certainly , and may i ask you a few questions before we begin ? great . first , do you have a bible near by , it may be needed . great . and what model are you running on ? male , gotcha . age of the system ? 24 years , ok . version ? american . any form of other versions on your computer ? spanish ancestry , ok. system size ? 6 foot and 187 pounds , ok. alright , is there anything else i should know ? ok , we can get started then .  newline newline great . well , i ll keep it frank . my toe nails are messed up . they ingrow into my feet . newline newline  yes , this is a common glitch we have reported . currently we are running on new testament version 3.6 , and by 4.1.2 we plan on having those problems fixed . the problem is that we ca nt seem to find it s location in the coding of your dna . it s like a rabbit hole in there . luckily , version 4 will be running a whole new coding , while keeping base element of the software  dna .  this update should be coming out in about 4 ... thousand years .  newline newline damn , ok. is there anything i can do in the mean time ? newline newline  i am afraid not , sir .  newline newline ok , thank you for your time . goodbye newline newline  goodbye , sir .  newline newline click newline newline  ok , time to report on it .  newline newline name :  josh alcala newline newline gender :  male newline newline age : 24 newline newline version :  american , with spanish version traces . newline newline ss :  6  , 187 lb newline newline other :  na newline newline screening of call :  joshalcala252423.mp3 newline newline briefing :  glitch in toes forcing nails to grow wrong way newline newline told update 4.1.2 should fix this , upon release in approx . 4ty . newline newline given basic run down of software dna.exe and given info on how it will be rewritten in 4.0i remember the realization , and i looked over to the other side of the room where she was sitting .  no .  , was my answer . i immediately forgot the question . and then everything else followed . i looked around the room , and back to the couch . newline newline  excuse me , this is going to sound incredibly weird but i ca nt remember who you are . or who i am for that matter . oh , that s a nice looking kitten .  newline newline she sat up and looked at me for a moment .  babe , what ? do you need to go to bed ? come on .  newline newline i blinked . babe ? hmm , that was something .  okay , i m digging it . i m guessing we would nt just be hanging out together .  i looked down at my hand , and hers . rings .  so married . how long ?  newline newline she got up then , a very worried look on her face .  you re serious , are nt you ? we should probably get you to a doctor or something .  she started scrounging around .  have you seen my keys ?  newline newline i blinked again . i started to say something , stopped , and finally got started .  well , i imagine i have but , you know , memory issues apparently .  i got up as well . i was beginning to feel a touch nervous myself .  hey , that s me ! and you , and kids ?  there was a family portrait on the wall . we looked good , all together . newline newline  yes , that s us .  she came over to me and took my hand . i did nt fight it . i looked around at the other walls , at the other photos . vacations , school functions , a wedding . our wedding .  twelve years . three kids . several dogs over those years , and a handful of cats .  newline newline i felt a squeeze . i looked down , i looked at her .  well then , i guess we should be getting to that doctor . or hospital , or whatever . shall we ?  i gave a wan smile , it was returned . i imagined we would get through this together , as apparently we had gotten through many other moments together so far .i had been trekking from one end of the island to the other for almost four hours before i found it . while walking around due to sheer desperation , i stumbled over a rock and , in my frustration , kicked it off the side of the path . it tumbled down the small grassy slope lining the edge of the trail and came to rest on a previously unnoticed , wellkept path . newline newline i was a bit bored anyways , so i decided to explore the trail , sitting down and scooting to it . newline newline after sliding to the bottom and kicking up some dust in the process , i jumped up and dusted off my pants , proceeding along the trail . newline newline the trail went for quite a while , and i could nt help but notice again how well kept it was . all of the sandlike gravel was spread across the ground in a way that could nt have been natural ... newline newline as i continued along the trail , i found a stray sock lying by the edge of the path , seemingly buried in the organized gravel . newline newline  hmmm ... is there someone else here ?  newline newline excitedly , i sped up to a brisk jog and continued following the path . as i kept running , i started noticing more random items scattered around the path . each jacket , sock , and assorted piece of junk seemed to be incorporated into the mystically organized packing of gravel . newline newline more and more items lined the path as i ran until eventually the entire path was littered with junk  pencils , lots of pens , clothes , and tons of erasers . i must have been a bit dehydrated too , since some items even looked a bit familiar . i was getting an unsettling sense of deja vu . newline newline finally , just as i was beginning to tire , i arrived at what seemed to be the end of the path . what lay beyond was covered in a thick veil of overhanging vines . newline newline my feet crunched on plastic wrappers and pens as i moved my hand up to brush aside the thick green bands of leaves ... and what i saw ... newline newline well , now i know the truth . that island somehow had on it every single item i have ever lost ... all on one island ! i know this now , since what i saw behind those vines was ... my will to live .caroline  s gaze burned into me . her eyes were as green and intense as gleaming emeralds . a shudder moved through my wings . every part of me that was an angel felt drawn into those burning , green eyes . my fears from just moments ago seemed to have dissipated , for i took a step closer to her . newline newline a whisper eased into my thoughts ,  yes , come to meeeeee.  newline newline i took yet another step further , knowing that i shouldn  t . as a looked into the green light , all my worries began to melt away . if i could just be a part of that light , everything would be alright . my duties and responsibilities as a guardian angel wouldn  t matter anymore . perhaps they never had . the eternal struggle against demons , earning the respect of father , protecting heaven , i could be free of all of it if i could reach that glorious green light . newline newline somewhere , deep within the recesses of my consciousness , i noted my surroundings fade into darkness . the warm sunlight was paled in contrast to the burning glow . around me , the flowers and trees seem to flicker in and out of focus . i could not hear morning song of the woodland birds over the overwhelming thrumming in my head . that small part of me , still aware of my surroundings , went into a panic . newline newline my feat stopped moving . i suddenly realized i was now just a few feet away from her . my panic flared into a frenzy , and i knew if i didn  t do something soon , something terrible would happen . newline newline i had heard rumors that my first pledge was to a human woman who had had many angels pledged to her before . normally , a guardian angel kept their pledge to a human for the entirety of their mortal life . but all of caroline  s protectors had mysterious vanished . officially , it was said that those angels had died protecting her from demon possession . but to have so many angels perish in combat without a trace of their quarrel seemed very unlikely . furthermore , if demons had been victorious , they would have claimed caroline  s soul as their prize . but her soul was still intact , and no evidence of defeated angels or demons could be found around her . newline newline her voice entered my mind once again ,  do not fret about such things . they are meaningless . lookinto my eyes.  newline newline i knew i should not , but i did anyways . now , traces of blue swirled with her green , glowing pupils . they spun in slow circles , and i followed them until my focus fell deeper and deeper into her gaze . newline newline nooooooooooo ! ! ! ! !  newline newline all my willpower slammed against her bewitchment , and for a brief moment , i regained control . but now i was just inches away from her . newline how had she even noticed me ? i was told that some humans had the capacity to sense otherworldly beings . the most spiritual and devout may even communicate with us . but this caroline could see me . she was plainly speaking to me , compelling me to bend to her will . newline newline impossible . intolerable ! making demands of an angel ? ! ? itwillnotstand !  newline newline from deep within me , i summoned all of my holy light . the power that angels could conjure from heaven pulsed within me . i was not an experienced angel , being just over onehundred years old . so i could not summon the full power of heaven . but used against a mortal , such power would leave no trace of her . i focused the smiting power into a mighty ball of holy flame that hovered in my hand . newline newline she smiled wickedly .  you wouldn  t smite a mere mortal , would you ? think of how disappointed your father would be . put that down and come to me.  newline newline i refused , but it didn  t seem to matter . the holy fire vanished from my hand . i had to get away . i had to warn heaven . she was a threat . newline newline instantly , she was right in front of me . her blazing eyes seemed to devour everything around me . lines of red and violets wove intricate patterns in her eyes . she was not human . she wasn  t even a demon . newline newline my words barely fell out of my mouth ,  whoare you ? what are you ?  newline newline her grin bloomed on her face ,  me ? i  m just a mistake . just a mistake.  newline newline the smile went out of her face , and i was gone . newline newlinei heard the snickering behind me , and i already knew i d be the butt of the joke . i was always the butt of the joke . the great nothing . lameman . the jokes had about as funny as i was powerful . after centuries of super powered humans , i was born , the anomaly , the boy with no powers . i tried to hide it , but by second grade , everyone knew . newline newline i spun around to see flamez , the big hulking , flamewielding jock .  what ?  i shouted at him , but he just continued to snicker . i did nt have to wait for an answer as i felt the top of my head grow hot . he d set me on fire  again  . i let out a yell as i started to slam my hands on my head , burning them . newline newline i felt the icy cold , knowing his little buddy , waterwaterwater , had doused my entire body in the coldest water he had . i wiped the water out of my face to see them both doubled over in laughter . i felt myself grow hot again , but it was from rage instead of fire . against my better judgment , i flung my arms out in front of me , and shoved flamez . he was too busy laughing to defend himself and fell to the ground . he stopped laughing for a second to look at waterwaterwater , but just started rolling on the floor , laughing harder than ever . newline newline  is that all you got , noman ?  he choked out through the laughter . newline newline i was beetred , and i m sure a crowd had gathered around , but i did nt stay . i ran , as fast as i could . i knew i could nt outrun rap d or gigago if they had decided to chase , but i was hoping everyone was too busy laughing at the stupid , powerless boy to think to chase me . newline newline by some miracle , i made it home . i heard my mom humming in the kitchen , and she may have yelled something at me for being home from school early , but i did nt stay in one place long enough to hear . i bounded up to my room and slammed the door . i jumped into my bed and buried my face in my pillow . the adrenaline was wearing off , and i finally started to feel the stinging on my scalp , telling me that it was burned again . newline newline i took deep breaths into the pillow and felt the heat of a few tears on my eyes . i had to stop crying . men do nt cry . heroes do nt cry . but i was no hero . i was nt even a man . i was a poor , fragile boy , and i d never be anything else . i remember all of the tests , the men in lab coats , and friends and family trying to scare a power out of me , but it was no use . eight years ago , the geneticist confirmed it . i simply did nt have a superhero gene . the first one they d ever seen . i wanted to believe they were wrong , but the hope died a long time ago . newline newline i do nt remember dozing off , but i did . i was woken up gently by my father , bluebirdman . he would never understand . even a runofthemill power like his would be better than this hell . newline newline  i heard you got in a little fight this afternoon ,  he said softly . i did nt even lift my head from the pillow . i squeezed my eyes tighter , hoping to fall back asleep . he continued ,  you have to be careful , sport .  i took my hand and shoved him away without even looking . he sighed and i heard him leave . newline newline i fell back asleep without dreaming until i awoke to hear my mother murmuring outside with a voice i did nt recognize .  that s impossible . he does nt have any powers ,  she said . newline newline suddenly , the other voice said sternly ,  do nt go in there !  newline newline my eyes shot open , and i turned from my pillow to face the door . newline newline  he s my son !  she exclaimed . she looked over at me , and her face turned white . she stood in my doorway with two men in suits , sunglasses , and earpieces , the whole nine yards .  danny ...  she said , but her voice trailed off . newline newline i started to sit up , but the men in suits immediately held their arms out , ready to shoot whatever powers they had .  stop right there !  newline newline  what s going on ?  i asked , my heart pumping . newline newline my mom thrust her arms out between me and the men in suits .  stop !  she exclaimed .  let me talk to him !  newline newline one man looked at the other , both of their arms still outstretched .  what is the protocol for this ?  newline newline  there is no protocol ,  the other replied . they stood in silence before they finally gave each other a nod , then turned to my mom to nod at her as well . they took a step back , but kept their arms pointed at me . newline newline my mom walked halfway to me and shakily asked ,  son , what did you do ?  newline newline  what do you mean ?  i said , growing angry and afraid , my heart running a race i did nt think it could win . newline newline  your father ... that boy at school ...  newline newline  dad ?  i asked , throwing my covers off . newline newline  stop right there !  the suits yelled again . newline newline  what happened to dad ?  i screamed . newline newline  his powers ... they re gone ,  she replied . newline newline i stared at her .  what do you mean , gone ? how ?  newline newline  you took them ,  she answered .the scythe of saturn newline newline ... . newline  cue soundtrack   https : www.youtube.comwatch ? vm8gfbgec6l8  newline ... newline newline they re all gone . every one of the them . they all knew pretty guardian sailor saturn would be reborn , bringing an end to the world and usher in a new age . none of the pretty guardian s were prepared for her coming , if that were even possible , and fell to her scythe with ease . they all thought they would have a chance to prevent the end . newline newline first it was mercury , whose head fell from her neck before she could grasp her wand . mars had been praying in her shrine . she felt the dark presence and was able to transform . saturn cut through her flames , slicing her belly open . jupiter succumb to her own electrical . venus fell trying to save uranus and neptune , who had been hit with a heavy blast of magical power beyond newline newline only the moon princess remain . she gaze at the cherub faced girl who destroyed the last lifebearing planet in their galaxy and it s guardians without remorse . usagi s legs felt weak , she fell to her knees and , despite her effort , began to cry . newline newline  no tears , my dear princess ,  the black haired girl smiled innocently , twirling the scythe in her hand ,  i offered this planet a merciful death .  newline newline  why ! ?  usagi cried ,  why now ? !  newline newline  the human race had damaged their world beyond repair . they drove other species to extinction . they polluted the air , water and soil . they turned on each other ,  the girl spoke in a serious manner ,  humans had already begun the final destruction of the planet , i only saved them the hardship of a slow demise .  newline newline struggling her feet , usagi clenched her fists ,  you do nt know that ! they all deserved a chance !  newline newline saturn lunged toward usagi with inhuman speed , the blade of weapon swung to slice off the head of the moon princess . usagi dodged , her left bun flew from the top of her head , and she fell to her side . saturn attacked again . knowing that this was the end , usagi closed her eyes . newline newline she opened them . the blade of saturn s scythe was frozen inches from her eyes . saturn , too , was frozen . as was the chaos around them . the flames , the floating debris ... it all was still . confused , she carefully slid herself out of harms way and stood up , scanning the environment . newline newline  forgive saturn , for she did not realize your role in the new genesis ,  spoke a soft , female voice . newline newline a tall woman in a dark pretty guardian uniform appeared in front usagi . her long , green hair floated as if she were under water . her hand tightly clasp a long staff with a crystal on the end . she extended her hand outward ,  come with me , princess of the moon .  newline newline  who are you ?  usagi asked with suspicion . newline newline  time ,  the woman replied . newlinesue wilkins got a cat  she lorded that over us for weeks , as if a cat was the best sort of animal there was , and not the acme of egomania . newline newline mark johnson got a basset hound . he spent the whole week moping  then again , that s what he always does . his parents were cruel , meaning to be kind . newline newline when my time came , the first thing i noticed was the size of the box on the lawn . i could nt just help thinking of stories of parents gone mad , acquiring rhinos when bulldogs would have sufficed , or that girl two towns over who was trampled by her giraffe . they put the beast down , but she never got another . she had nt been an animal person in the first place , unlike her parents . newline newline me , i m not at all like my parents . they re ... common . newline newline i am not . newline newline my box was huge , red crepe and golden rope , with mother and father standing somberly next to it . next to them , aunt thelema , uncle szandor , the neighbors , my acquaintances , the school class , everybody . newline newline  son  , father said , with his usual uneducated directness , as i laid a hand pregnant with expectation on the box .  as you know , it is traditional    newline newline  i know  , i snapped . the box was so big , how was i going to feed something this huge ? what monumental miscarriage of their mismeasure of my ability lay behind this tacky carmine curtain ?  dad , what is this ?  newline newline   so , after careful consideration between ourselves and the mother extremal    that draconian martinet of a fraud in white gave me a smile , from her place among the schoolchildren    we have settled on a representation of your present personality the best we can .  newline newline i pull the rope , the package opens , dad shouts :  a dragon !  newline newline peoole gasp , i most of all . a dragon ? how fitting ! how meet ! how like me to be the first   newline newline  dad ? there s nothing in here .  newline newline  of course not , you insufferably arrogant phony , dragons are nt real . now go get a fucking job before we kick your sponger ass to the curb . my armor glinted in the pale sunlight like a mirror , scattering flecks of light over the gravel on which i stood . the view from the top of the sacred mountains was truly spectacular . part of the sky shone white with sunlight , making half of the land below appear to shine like burnished metal , while fierce storm clouds covered the rest in broiling darkness . newline newline newline newline almost there , my love . soon i will rid the sky of those dark clouds . soon you will feel the warmth of the sun upon your skin once again .  newline newline newline newline i turned back to my path , and found my way blocked by a strange figure in simple clothing . he was small , barely coming up to my waist , with a beard long enough that it dragged across the floor . he smiled kindly . immediately , i fell to my hands and knees , gasping for breath . newline newline newline newline  my lord !  i stammered .  i am so sorry for not noticing your presence !  newline newline newline newline  peace , child .  the figure placed a small hand upon my gleaming shoulder .  there will be no need of that . in truth , it is i who must apologize to you .  newline newline newline i raised my head questioningly .  my lord ?  newline newline newline  you have undergone great trials , my child .  the figure said quietly , a look of pitying kindness on his face .  but it is my great honor to tell you that your journey is over . you have earned your people s place in the sun .  he waved his hand toward the dark clouds , and they vanished like a fading dream before my very eyes . hope swelled in my chest , and i found myself so overcome with emotion that i could not even speak . tears welled up in my eyes , falling to the ground below like raindrops . newline newline newline  i have a confession to make as well , i am afraid ,  continued the dwarven god . i looked at him questioningly . what could a god ever need to confess to a mortal ? newline newline newline  you see , it was i who darkened your sky for so long with rain . not my brother , like i would have had you believe .  his expression darkened .  i am truly sorry for all of the horrors that i have caused . it was never my intent to go this far . but i needed a champion , someone who would scare my brother into ceasing his evil ways .  he shook his head sadly , beard shaking .  i needed to push you , my child . without the storm , my brother would have caused far greater calamities to befall your fair land .  newline newline newline newline i shook my head in disbelief . the god of merriment and laughter , causing all of that pain ? all of that destruction ? newline newline newline newline  our crops withered ...  i choked out .  my wife took ill ... we lost a child !  newline newline newline newline  yes .  said the god simply .  and all of those who were lost will be welcome at my table in the next world . you can not begin to comprehend how much pain i feel for your loss .  newline newline newline newline a pit of anger began to burn in my stomach . no !  i thought . he must be lying ! this is all some trick ... yes , a trick to make me turn back !  newline newline newline  i ...  i started . newline newline newline  yes , my child ?  said the figure , leaning closer . newline newline newline newline with one swift motion , i ripped my sacred sword from it s sheath and swept it at the dwarfgod s head . it bit into his neck without resistance , sending shining white blood spraying over my face and armor . he groaned in pain , sinking to the ground mortally wounded . newline newline newline  i am sorry ... my brother .  he whispered . as he drew his final breath , his shining blood turned an inky black . newline newline newline i stood , face and armor stained dark with god s blood .  i will not be swayed .  i turned back toward the path , and began running up the mountain once again . newline newline newline newline newline  newline newline like it ? read more on rtimesyncs ! two hundred years ago , earth was invaded by the rauks , an alien species from another galaxy . america fell first , and europe followed soon thereafter . today , only australia remains under human control . if it wasn  t for dr. heisenbauer  s discovery in the human genome , australia would surely have fallen as well . newline newline i look up from the digital history book on my holopad . only two hours left until my eighteenth birthday  i can  t believe it  i  ve waited so long to join my big brother in the liberation army . when johannes turned eighteen and unlocked his spirit shark he was instantly picked to lead his own platoon of navy seals into battle . newline newline the rauks are a strange people . they are masters at waging war against predictable opponents  they zone in on one species and learn everything about them , that  s how they defeated us so easily back in the days  and surely many other civilizations before that  they understood on a biochemical level how we operated . newline newline now , that  s why dr. heisenbauer  s discovery was so important . to be able to change into an entirely different species in the blink of an eye , completely threw the rauks off , and until this day they can  t seem to be able to adapt . they are slow in that aspect . newline newline as the minutes tick away , i can feel it inside me . it  s been moving ever since i was born and underwent the necessary surgery . i  ve always been a bit worried because i know it  s something huge and dangerous . johannes thinks it  s a shark like him because both our parents  spirit animals are aquatic . dad  s a giant squid and mom  s a killer whale . newline newline with one hour left , i clock out from the library , ending my school day early . i meet up with my brother and his platoon down at the marina . the sky rumbles as the raukengineered clouds churn . part of their success was due to permanently blocking the sun . newline newline waves of gray water smash into the concrete of the marina . my brother nods at me encouragingly . it is finally time . i step into the icy water and wade out until my knees are beneath the surface . how i have waited for this moment ! newline newline with a roar , i unleash the animal that has been living within my dna for eighteen long years . my skin turns onyx and bristles sprout from my back . the marina suddenly shrinks as i shoot towards the sky on a set of massive wings . newline newline in the surface reflection of the sea , i see myself soaring towards the sky . i  m something out of an antique fairy tale  no animal that i  ve ever heard off  with a long scaly tail and neck , ending in a fanged maw and burning red eyes . newline newline they say as you change , part of your animal instincts take over , and i can attest to this . i urge to fly higher  i want to see the sun with my own eyes for the first time . then it hits me  my purpose in life . with a few strokes of my powerful wings , i shatter the cloud barrier . newline newline sunlight seeps through , turning the waters blue for the first time in centuries . i roll over to my back , basking in the warm beams . then i take off with speed , turning myself into a whirlwind , pushing the clouds away further . humanity will have sunlight  i  ll make sure of it ! newline newline  newline newline if you liked this story , feel free to check out my library :  rlilwadexel   https : www.reddit.comrlilwadexel  newline newlineeven as a child he knew he was different . his abilities were so immense his mother had tried to stop him growing them to an extent . she wanted him to be normal . how could he be normal ? newline newline his heart was always pounding , his mind racing at a hundred miles an hour . his friend . he could nt believe it . he did nt have many friends , and the one that he did , the one who really pushed him and helped him reach his potential . gone . newline newline anger swelled in him , frustration was triumphing . he furrowed his brow at the thought of what was left behind of his friend . a shell , consumed by an evil so deep , so unnatural . his good friend was now his arch enemy . this friend had such good intentions . such ambition to do good for others ... newline newline now , his enemy in place of his friend had twisted , insane intentions  his mad methods were now a plight on the earth s safety . ironic , frustrating and , above all , unfair . newline newline just as he had changed himself , his role had changed . his purpose was becoming fulfilled . ironically the individual he had become , faster than the speed of sound , as fast as light , nurtured by his friend , would now have to be the obstacle to stop the mad doctor . newline newline sure , his friend had nutured his mind and his physical skills , plus used his scientific genius to cater for the needs he had  after all , his shoes often got destroyed under the friction his speed produced ! newline newline why did dr. k have to try playing god ? ! he knew the intention was good but dammit , the risks were all too high . the doctor found this out the hard way . the forces of evil he had tried so hard to contain had consumed him . newline newline before he knew it the doctor was on a rampage . slaughtering his innocent friends and their families , with seemingly no clear direction as to why ... there was no reason  it was evil personified which had fused itself like a symbiote to the doctor ... preying on his genius , infecting his mind . he was shocked this had happened to his friend , distraught as to the actions he must take now . newline newline he had grown to be a smart , moral individual with excellent physical capabilities . his family was at risk ... all his help to keep the doctor s work going for the good of the world , and he could nt even ensure his family s safety . he had no father , his mother and siblings alone . in a blazing dash he ran , a blue blur amongst the green hedges , ducking in and out to get to his family , but he had realised too late . there they lay strewn , lifeless , limp and bloody . the doctor had done his evil and long gone . newline newline as he cried his sadness turned to anger . his old friend had to be stopped and he would spend every last breath making sure he stopped the evil doctor . he dusted off his special red sneakers , the last gift from his old friend and realised sonny was no more . newline newline from this day forth he would be known as sonic , the fastest hedgehog  a supersonic force of good . he needed help , he knew that , but there was no time to lose . the rest of the world needed him . he d have to travel many miles , and tales would be spun about his efforts to save the planet from evil . someone had to do it . his purpose was now defined . newline newline edit : also my first post here newline newline edit 2 : missed an  s  after  other  i waited at the airport with a large bouquet of flowers . he loved roses . he was colorblind and had trouble deciphering different colors , but the deep red of roses always stood out to him . it was his favorite color . newline newline an old man stood next to me and we made small chit chat . he was waiting for his wife of forty years . they had just spent two months apart and it was the longest they had been apart since they were married . a woman , barely into her twenties , help a giant sign behind us that said ,  welcome home , david !  a businessman stood to my right , fiddling with an engagement ring and practicing his proposal . newline newline my husband and i had been together for twelve wonderful years . we had some rough patches , but for the most part it was all that i could have ever hoped for . he was romantic and caring . he always knew the right thing to say . he took care of me every possible way that he could . i was truly blessed . newline newline then it happened . newline newline dozens of people all around me dropped to the floor dead . it was a terrible thing to witness , but it happened from time to time at the airport when a flight unexpectedly crashed . i felt bad for them . moments prior they were they were filled with hope and delight , eager to embrace their loved ones . the old man laid curled on top of the  welcome home , david !  sign . the young woman  s body collapsed on top of his . i looked down and picked up the engagement ring that had slipped from the businessman  s hands when he fell to the floor . i calmly walked over and put it in his suit coat pocket . newline newline i wondered where the flight was coming from , and i selfishly hoped it didn  t delay michael  s arrival . i turned to one of the news monitors that were plastered throughout the airport . newline the woman on the screen said flight united 477 had gone down in the atlantic just before reaching new york . that was michael  s flight . i had just spoken to michael before he left his hotel to go to the airport . i thought to myself , thank god he missed that flight . newline newline i pulled out my cell and gave michael  s phone a ring . no answer . i left a voicemail : newline newline  hey michael . thank god you  re ok . the flight you were supposed to be on crashed in the atlantic . it  s absolutely terrible so many people at the airport i  ll have to tell you about it when you get home . i assume you missed your flight and caught the next one . a call would have been nice so i could have adjusted my schedule accordingly , but i  ll check with the airport and see when you get in . i love you.  newline newline i hung up and made my way to the information desk . i failed to hear the news anchor say ,  full flight.  newline newline the woman at the desk seemed stressed out . not only did she have to deal with all the inquiries about the flight , but she also had nearly a dozen dead bodies in the airport a few yards from her desk . i didn  t want to cause her any more strife , so i tried to be brief . newline newline  hello . my husband was supposed to be on united 477 , but he missed his flight . i was wondering if you could tell me what his new flight is and when he might be landing.  newline newline  sure thing . it  s awful what happened to all those people . i  m happy that your husband was able to get out of it . what  s his name ? and i  ll need to see some identification to verify you  re his spouse.  newline newline i gave her his name and showed her all the documents she asked for .  it looks like his carelessness paid off this time ,  i joked . she was not amused . newline newline the woman  s eyes widened . she frantically typed on the keyboard , looking for god knows what . newline newline  is there a problem ?  i asked . newline newline  i  m terribly sorry but it seems your husband boarded the plane . i am alone , but i am happy . i do nt know why other people like to have company . if you re alone , there s no one to distract you  or to remind you . i work better that way . newline newline i check my watch out of habit . not that it does much good , of course . it has nt worked for years , but making the most of it removes some of the guilt . newline newline although the light is dim , i can still make out the words written on the paper in front of me . it s not something i need to do  i ve read the same words i ve read everyday day for the last ten years  and so i know them off by heart . newline newline it s funny . i ve waited so long for a fleeting moment , but i purse my lips , knowing that it will be worth it . wo nt it ? the flicker of doubt unnerves me , but i ca nt afford to back out now . newline newline my thoughts are interrupted by the sound of the church bells ringing . to those that bother to listen , they dutifully inform their audience that it s 11 am . it s time . newline newline i walk slowly towards my target destination . my strides are measured  i ca nt let my nerves show . newline newline before i know it , i m standing in front of the house in question , and i knock loudly . i ca nt back away . newline newline an elderly man answers the door , and a hint of recognition betrays his otherwise stony face . newline newline  ten years ago ,  i stutter , reading off the crumpled paper .  ten years ago , i took something from you , and i wanted to give it back to you today .  newline newline the man whose property i had taken looks at me distrustfully , and rightfully so . nevertheless , i continue ,  and i hope you can forgive me .  newline newline i remove the watch from my wrist , and hand it to the man whose trust i had betrayed . newline newline the silence before he replies seems like the longest wait of my life , but his reply is worth it :  i forgive you , son .  sometimes things just don  t go my way  thought the ranger .  six days to get over the pass , bear tries to eat my leg while i  m asleep and tears my favorite cloak , of course there had to be a fade on the other the side.  it was a typical mirage , manlike form with bony protusions , although this one did have horns . fades weren  t necessarily of this world , they were here but couldn  t really get themselves together : the power of elid held them from coalescing . but the fades gauntlets could tear a man  s soul and corrupt him , which allowed evil a more tangible foothold in our world . he would not become a fadeling , a creature controlled by this evil apparition . newline newline dwarven cross bows were a work of nonmagical genius , in essence the antithesis of magical forces . not differentiating between light or dark , these creations were so solidly of this realm that they devolved and voided the purchase of any magical entity , sending it back to the other side . they were good at regular old killing as well , which is why they were the choice of rangers . he kept one bow , the one is his off hand , loaded with a hard steel bolt . the bolt in the bow of his sword hand was meridium , dwarven iron , and engraved with antiward tath rune . newline newline the fade began its monologue , in the hissing whisper crafted to drive fear through the hearts of men . it entreated him to bow before it , to accept it as his master . the ranger was tired , and had a long way left to travel before the soft beds of the red pony . as the fade began its display of crackling lightning , he lifted the unruned bow and fired at the fade  s chest : the lightning arced down , creating a web across the apparitions chest , and the bolt flew away , deflected as if it bounced off a wall . the rasping hiss turned to a dark chuckle , but before the creature could continue the ranger lifted his second bow , and fired directly into the shadowed mask of the fade . lightning arced again , but the bolt was unaffected , and streaked through where the face should have been , leaving a trail of smoke out the back of the fade  s hood . the lightning stopped , the fade crumbled into a pile of ash , leaving only the gauntlets behind.stripped of evil by the dwarven bolt , these would easily pay for his room , and possibly a new cloak in kingshall . weary , but glad for the extra money now strapped to his back , the ranger continued down the traveler  s road . mythical or not , all things have a weakness , and the dwarven bolts know them .  i think that merits a drink , maybe even spirits . ha ,  spirits  .  this day was not a total loss . newlineit was an uncomfortable silence , the joker sitting upright in the centre of his cell , facing away from the now open bars . newline newline for the first time in history , the joker was silent . he was found like this , creepy as all hell i admit . there was no blood , no sign of any struggle , just him , sitting there alone . it was uncanny , seeing him like this , unnatural even . no longer grinning his manic grin , and crying his long past sane laughter . newline newline there was only silence now . newline i do nt know what i preferred , him alive or dead . newline newline one thing was for certain , even after death his savage mind games were nt over . we have no idea how he died , and no longer a batman to solve it .fresh from angel school and eager for your first assignment you did nt expect this ! unusual cases like this are assigned to the best of the best , the creme dela creme , the elite graduates of angel school like that pompous stuckup prat zachariah . you barely managed to graduate and only because the school had to reach their quota . you were looking forward to being assigned to some little brat who you d shortly leave to hisher own devices to enjoy an eternity of leisure somewhere else . hey , that s what free will is for right ? i m not going to burden my charge with the dubious wisdom of a near dropout angel , better for the kid to figure things out on his own , you know ? newline newline  kid s gon na be a handful , do nt you think islan ?  kane , your counterpart from the demon school , puffing a cig , and looking at the same mundane 2storey house where your charge is located . you ve known kane for sometime , in fact you conspired with the little devil so that you d both be partners if you both ever graduate . guardians and corrupters have a very antagonistic relationship . if you were ever going to ditch the job and wallow in eternal selfindulgement you definitely did nt want the typical partner to crimp your style ! a chance meeting with kane over beer then the expected drunken heart to heart disclosed both your dilemnas and then an inkling of a plan . a little fiddling with the metatron database and you both get what you want ! if you re heaven s charity case , he s hell s reject . too soft , too loyal , too diligent for a demon . me , the lazy layabout angel , and kane the diligent loyal demon softy . we all have our crosses to bear i guess . newline newline  i heard kid s done something to 5 sets of partners , the ain soph aur ca nt find them which should be impossible .  you ve both been standing outside the house for hours waiting for your charge . passersby unconciously stepping around you both unseen . people do nt see spiritual beings unless they re near death , naturally perceptive , or smoking some serious s    t .  i heard zachariah was one of them  continues kane .  that jolts you out of your typical stupor .  what ? ! ? perfect zachariah ?  before laughing out loud .  maybe i should do something nice for the kid before we bail .  hey , like i said , i m not that great an angel . newline newline  excuse me , sir  our charge , a small boy with wide puppy dog eyes and an innocent smile approaches us from behind startling me . he makes a beeline for kane while also glancing shyly at me . the kid s too young to smoke a blunt , and does nt look to be dying in the next 5 minutes which means our charge has the sight . crap . newline newline can i talk to you for a minute sir , asks the boy .  you should nt be talking to strangers kid , kane replies . i sigh , he s hell s reject alright . it wo nt take more than a minute says the earnest little boy . so the boy walks kane several meters away , out of hearing . as they talk kane s face change from an indulgent little smirk to confusion , to anger then doubt then finally despair before he s wiped from existence in a cloud of smoke to my openmouthed shock . newline newline i should ve run but i was still rooted to the same spot when the kid reached me . with a disappointed look and a morose mutter he says  that always happens to me , i do nt understand it , that s my 11th person this week !   what ... what do nt you understand kid  , i croak . well , i only wanted to talk about atheism , it s our school assignment he then stops , visibly shakes it off then uses those puppy dog eyes that was the downfall of kane the former soul corrupter at me .  i d like to talk to you about atheism and agnosticism  says the cute kid with an engaging smile . newline newline newline newline newline newlinei looked meticulously through my photos on the computer . there were thousands of them , but i wanted to chose the perfect one . finally , a found a headshot , and submitted it to the website . newline newline thousands of matches came up . there was a picture of me in vietnam , one of me dressed like a women , and another where i m in space . there was even an image of me meeting president johnson . newline newline my fists were clenched and i became dizzy with rage . it was the impostor again . he convinced everyone that i was him , and now i m considered a lunatic . i had tried to find and destroy him numerous times , but was never able to complete the job . this time i would . newline newline since it was night i assumed the halls would be clear . i was correct in this assumption and tiptoed to the elevator . when i got to the bottom floor , i saw no one was sitting at the reception desk . i had never been this close to getting out . i sprinted towards the exit . as i opened the doors of freedom and revenge , loud alarms sounded around me . newline newline five large guards detained me . they took me down to the basement and put me back in the rubber room . newline newline i ve been in here for five days now . they think that they ll be able to stop me , but all they can do is delay me . one day i will get my revenge on tom hanks .immortality is a necessity for anyone who wants to see how the other half lives . cryosleep is not the viable option it used to be , what with the unfortunate number of ships that end up crashing into a rogue moon , get atomized by a pulsar , sucked into a black hole . manual input is required for interstellar travel now , and being immortal helps when you have to spend a few decades plotting a course around a nebula .  space  is a bit of a misnomer these days . newline newline  hmm .  the granter retrieved the wand from my wrist and looked at my face curiously , then scratched his chin .  that s ... hmm ...  newline newline there is now a way to prevent dna from decaying , to repair damaged cells , to  teach  them to know when to die and when to keep going . we can replace missing limbs , organs , bones with identical copies . we can  and we have , for the last 10,000 years . we ve effectively turned the gun back around on the natural order , which is a nice change of pace . newline newline the granter called his assistant over , giving me an assuring smile every time we made eye contact .  take a look at this ,  he said to the younger man .  i mean ... it should be like this , but it s not ...  newline newline  have you tried , um ...  the assistant clicked his tongue .  have you tried rebooting it ?  newline newline  oh ! right , right , right .  the granter smiled at me again .  this ll just take a moment .  newline newline the whole immortality thing is a kind of right of passage . off my right shoulder , my parents and half my extended family looked on from the balcony as the granter dumbly rebooted the wand . newline newline my parents are from some star system on the other end of the galactic arm . i was told they first met during the dhalgren diaspora , and then again during the proxima uprising . that s what persuaded them to get hitched  it s one thing to run into someone twice in a big city , it s another to run into them twice in the same galaxy . newline newline they ve been together for two centuries , but they have nt slept in the same bed in all the time i ve been alive . newline newline  here we are , lad !  the granter placed the wand on my wrist .  let s try this again , shall we ?  he repeated the celebratory chant and activated the device that would make me immortal . the wand hummed and lit up , but the desired effect never really took place . newline newline  huh .  the granter shook the wand a bit , as if trying to cast a spell or shoo away a fly .  bloody fucking thing ... excuse my language , but seriously .  he tossed the wand over his shoulder . my parents were looking a little uncomfortable .  get me another one .  newline newline  yes , sir .  the assistant ran off to fetch another wand . newline newline the granter waved to the crowd .  this ll only take a moment ! you ca nt have a hundred percent success rate in anything . that much is certain .  newline newline there are three generation ships on their way to andromeda , currently traveling through the space between galaxies . they call it  jumping the canyon  or  bridging the gap .  the crew do nt need to be asleep the entire journey , but they opt for cryo anyway . just because you can survive the three hundred year ride , does nt mean you want to be awake for it . newline newline we ve already become bored with the time we ve stolen . like bank robbers who grabbed too much money on their way out of the vault and now have no idea how to spend it all . newline newline  here we go ,  said the granter as the assistant handed over the new wand .  not sure why we re rushing to make you immortal . we have all the time in the world , eh ?  he threw on that big , fake smile again , repeated for the third time the celebratory chant , touched the wand to my wrist , and ... newline newline  fucking nothing !  the granter lifted up my wrist .  what the hell s is wrong with you , kid !  newline newline my mom rushed the stage .  what is going on here ? have you not done this before ?  newline newline  a thousand , thousand times , i assure you .  the granter threw up his hands .  unless we ve gotten two defective wands in a row , which i doubt to the highest fucking power , your child is done for .  newline newline  what !  newline newline  your child is rejecting the treatment , i said ! rejecting !  he turned to me .  why are you rejecting the treatment ! do nt you want to be immortal ?  newline newline every so often , i hear of a group of treated men and women who pack up ships and fly themselves into the nearest sun . becoming immortal does nt make you one with nature , they say  it cuts you off from it . the cosmos is a neverending dance of transformation . an element becoming static is a roadblock on an interstate . you are standing still , and it gets you nowhere . newline newline  we have to get you to a hospital ,  my dad said , throwing his arms around me as though i d just been in some catastrophic accident . the cough i had yesterday was gone . i actually felt much better today than i did yesterday . newline newline  you ll be hearing from our lawyer !  my mom was screaming to the granter .  mark my fucking words !  newline newline is there beauty in keeping something you were never meant to have ? if starry night was hanging in your living room , would nt there come a time when it became as meaningless as the wallpaper behind it ? newline newline would you want to sleep away the trip between galaxies ? newline newline  this is nt my fault !  said the granter , and then socked his assistant on the shoulder .  it s probably this little punk s fault !  newline newline  hey !  the young man rubbed his shoulder .  asshole ...  all i really remember before it happened is the ticking of the clock in my room . my roommate , you see keeps it and i really think it s just there to annoy  newline newline  listen son , that s not what i want to know . what i want to know is how you killed an entire mafia hit squad with this .  newline newline the detective lifted up a plastic bag with a slightly large cast iron button in it . it had a little bit of blood on it , but beyond that you d think it was pretty normal . newline newline  sir , i m getting there . so anyways , this clock is just so annoying . i stand up from my bed and suddenly i m ... somewhere else .  newline newline  son , are you high ?  newline newline  no really , i swear that s what happened . now let me finish .  newline newline the detective sighs , then nods for me to continue . newline newline  so here i am , in this bigass building , like a museum or some shit . but it s got all these wicked awesome weapons and shit . you heard of excalibur , like king arthur and shit ? well that was there . and they had this weird looking ...  newline newline  alright , i ve heard some shit in my lifetime but this ...  newline newline  waitwaitwait stop ! listen . so eventually i find this pedestal and it s like calling to me . like i try to walk away but i ca nt . without thinking , i grab it and i m back in my room . i look at the clock and i m late . i got a date so i hustle my ass down to this nice place down on third , apple bee or somethin  . so i burst through the door , just as a gunshot goes off . i basically break the door on my way in , tired as fuck , so one turns around to take a pop at me . that s when it happened .  newline newline i pause there . newline newline  what ? what happened ?  newline newline  well he shoots and he s pointing straight at me , but there s a loud ding . my hand was in front of me holding the button . the i d caught the bullet , but it was like i had nt see . from that point forward , it was like i was watching myself from above . i moved between this guys , palming this button , dodging bullets and shit . eventually i smacked one on the head . it was like he d been hit by a train . the rest were just as bad . i do nt know how i did it .  newline newline the detective sat silently across the steel table . i did nt know what else to say . newline newline  i m going to ask you again . are you high ? today , matt ran , as he did every day . jogging the same route , matt looped around his high school track alone . in every season , rain or snow , or incessant humidity , matt could be seen trudging around the track . he ran away from his demons , who had bullied him in the school  s hallways just moments before . his demons did not give him freedom during the nighttime , for each evening , he knew they would curse him at home . matt was sure to be greeted by fully loaded threats , clenched fists , and belts when he entered his household . trying his hardest to suppress tears throughout the day , matt let them flow freely onto the white lines below his sneakers as he jogged . today , though , matt  s sobs surged with a rather intense ferocity , for matt had planned this being the last run of his life .i had fought my way to the front of the crowd . perhaps that was selfish of me  i was almost certainly not the only one excited to hear from our returned visitor . he had arrived in a flash of brilliant light , as we all would one day , but it was spectacular nonetheless because he was the first . newline newline i wondered what it would be like be enveloped by the light . the thought was idle , as my time was still a far ways off . newline newline the visual explosion dissipated and there he was . resplendent in all his glory . the first to return . we had waited so long to hear his story , and we would wait longer still to experience the tale he would tell for ourselves . newline newline however , i , along with everyone else , quickly realized that our excitement contradicted the expression on his face . his bearing was not that of a returned hero , but one of sadness and loss . newline newline i had heard that such feelings would be inevitable in the new world , but we did not fully understand them . we did not experience true sadness here , only shallower forms of it , such as disappoint and light pity . i certainly did nt expect him to wallow in the unfamiliar emotion at his homecoming . newline newline i m sure the confusion that spread across our features , replacing the previous elation , must have set him off . he fell to his knees , forced his face into his hands and cried , newline newline  cain ! cain , how could you do this ! i loved you !  newline newline he began to shed tears . the crowd was silent . slowly we began to disperse awkwardly , as an archangel arrived to help abel up on his feet and carry him through the the gates . newline newline ... but i was still excited , and as the buzz of conversation resumed i knew i was not alone . this  earth  was a place of mystery and adventure , and the scene i had witnessed only reinforced the idea , rather than abated it . i heard others whisper to each other that they would do better when it was their turn . newline newline i could nt help but feel the same .i m a deep sleeper , and when i say deep sleeper , i mean it . i do nt wake up to much , but when i do , it s something powerful like a strong thunderclap . when you live next to a busy highway and train tracks , you learn to fall asleep with the white noise and come to enjoy it . at least i did . newline newline that all changed when julia was born . oh , sweet soft baby julia was such a precious treasure to my wife audrey and me . julia was six months old and it s amazing how babies work . they ll be sleeping during the day , and wide awake at night , sucking on their pacifier as the little galaxy floats above them . newline newline when julia was born , audrey insisted on turning the guest bedroom into a nursery .  but where will the guests stay ?  i had asked . audrey had shook her head ,  we never have guests !  i argued that the baby should stay in our room with us , but julia argued until i finally gave up . it was nt worth arguing about , especially with a newborn baby watching us . newline newline cutscene to the present , and we re in julia s room . audrey is setting her into her crib softly . julia starts to cry but my wife hands her a pacifier . the baby accepts it , and quiets down . you can now imagine two adults tiptoeing as softly as they can out of the nursery in front of a staring baby . we exit the room and no sooner had we closed the door then did julia start balling . audrey dashes into the room and flips on the lights . nothing .  it s ok sweetie , mommies here for you .  audrey steps back out of the room and closes the door . julia begins crying again and audrey shakes her head .  why does she do that ?  the crying grows louder till finally we both walk into julia s room . newline newline  here we are now , julia , it s ok.  i say as i pick her up . julia stops crying as i hold her and i look at audrey .  should we let her stay in our room ?  audrey yawned .  at this rate none of us will get any sleep .  i sigh and kick open the door further while still holding onto my daughter . we all exit the room when suddenly the most terrifying sound came from behind us  the sound of a crying baby . newline newline audrey and i stared at each other with wide eyes .  run . get out of the house !  the crying got louder with each step until we left the house .  call the police !  audrey says while crying .  take my phone !  we are still running from the house as aubrey dials the emergency number .  please  something is in our house , we need help , now !  she ends the call , her eyes are wide as i hand her the baby . newline hahahahaha !  newline newline i descended from the roof of the building down onto the snowy earth , where the nervouseyed pizza delivery man awaited . newline newline  welcome ,  my voice boomed through the dark streets , politely filling with snow ,  to planet dmar !  newline newline the small man flicked his eyes from building to building , no doubt marveling in the caped and muscular heroes and heroines flying about . newline newline  yes , we re all very marvelous ,  i leaned down to meet his gaze directly .  where do you hail from , small human ?  newline newline the small one chirped out a single word . newline newline  earth , you say ? ah , yes , many of us are earthborn as well ! but here , we have found our true nature ! nay , our purpose ! to battle for the safety and success of all living beings !  newline newline the pizza man looked from building to building , where heroes wiped windows and dusted roofs . newline newline  ah , well , you see , this planet was once overrun with villains , but , you see , villains never win , and soon they were all gone . so now we ... well we just try to keep the place nice .  newline newline with a grab as quick as lightning , the pizza man was in my arms , still cradling his pizza box as his wild eyes flashed in terror . my legs kicked off from the ground , and we were off , like a bullet into the night sky , dotted with flakes of snow and enormous stars overhead . i slowed my flight and pointed to the varying heroes below . there was captain chaos , driving the snowplow , keeping our streets safe . and there ! to the left ! she wolf was salting the sidewalks with her animal friends .  all organic , my friend ! taking care of the planet which takes care of us ! hahaha !  my voice again boomed in the sky , as i landed with my shivering cargo atop city hall . newline newline the small human murmured something from his frozen lips . newline newline  what s that , bringer of pizza ?  newline newline  are you very bored ,  he whispered , his bare arms covered in bumps from the bitter night air . newline newline i pondered this for a moment , inhaled deeply , and sized up the man . he was right , we were hopelessly bored . without villains , we were mostly a superpowerful cleaning crew . i furrowed my eyebrows and tugged the pizza from his hands . i cracked open the box and peered at the contents . newline newline without warning , i leaned back and filled the sleepy town with the echo of my voice .  this pizza man just delivered a sausage pizza ... i ordered pepperoniiiiiiii !  newline newline in a moment , 250 fearsome heroes encircled us , lasers , guns , arrows , all poised to fire at the shivering man s head . his eyes were like enormous saucers , gazing at me helplessly . newline newline  now ,  i said , victoriously ,  did you have any more questions ? this area is where i d keep my ideas  if i had any  . for some reason , my memes and references seem to be nextdoor . that explains the punridden story i wrote about a year ago . at least i ve refrained from using puns in my other pieces . newline newline this is the little pen for my feelings . they re friendly , lowmaintenance creatures . go on . pet them . when they fatten up , i take the axe , deliver one clean swing , and put them into my stories . do i feel badly about that ? sometimes . newline newline this is where i grow my knowledge . most people tell me that i ve a nice , sizeable farm , but i think the whole thing sucks . i have crops , but i do nt have interesting crops . i grow some math . there are a few historical facts here  a few scientific facts there , but i want interesting things . i want to grow some compsci or some calc . you know what i mean ? my new plots probably need a lot more tlc . more water . trees might be in the way ... newline newline anyway , that s mbrain .ok , so there were these guys , right ? their names were seth and james . now , they were some funny dudes alright . they made movies .  newline newline what s a movie ?  newline newline like , moving pictures . but they have sound too , so you can tell stories with them .  newline newline that sounds pretty crazy pa .  newline newline oh yeah , state of the art stuff . everybody loved em .  newline newline would nt it be nice we had em today pa ? the mooovies ?  newline newline ellis , you gon  shut the hell up boy ?  newline newline alright , sorry pa  . newline newline alright . so these two guys , their names were james franco , and seth rogen . very funny people . everybody new them , they were all over the televisions , always on the red carpet .  newline newline red carpet pa ? well now who s carpet s that ? why s it red ?  newline newline well you see , they had em carpets they rolled out when important things were goin  on .  newline newline so you ever walk on it before ?  newline newline yeah ... sure . couple of times .  newline newline well yeehaw ! that s somethin  ai nt it !  newline newline shut up . let me finish my story . so these two guys , they were very , very smart . they were all bout bein  themselves , smoking the good stuff , yknow . and people listened to them ! they liked them ! so one day they decide they want to make this other movie about a very , very nasty guy who was in charge of another country .  newline newline what kind of a movie ?  newline newline bad movie . well no , it was a good movie , but the way they showed this , uh , man in question , was not very pleasant . the guy was called kim .  newline newline kim s a girl s name pa . do nt be stupid .  newline newline grandpa smacked ellis across the face with his third arm . ellis , you ai nt even went to school ! i went to school ! i went to school after i could ve stopped going to school if i wanted to !  newline newline ok . my bad . so what did this guy think of this movie ?  newline newline well , he did nt like it . no ... so you see this guy said he ll do some nasty things if everybody saw it . so instead of hiding the movie , these two boys , seth and james put it on the internet   newline newline what the fuck is an internet ?  newline newline grandpa poked his elastic finger all the way to up from in his lap into ellis  eye . he recoiled . newline newline alright ! alright , i m sorry ! i just wanted to know is all !  newline newline goddammit i told you bout the internet , boy ! it s like these little tubes that you could send your thoughts through ! you understand ? now let me finish !  newline newline ok .  newline newline so . they put it on the internet . and well , kim saw it . he saw it , and he told the usa that he did nt like it .  newline newline so what did the usa do pa ?  newline newline the usa just went on right ahead and told lil kimmie that he could go stick a rocket up where the sun do nt shine and send himself off somewhere he could cry his little eyes out . well you see , instead he sent the rocket here .  newline newline huh . so that s it .  newline newline that s it .  newline newline so what about this world war three ?  newline newline oh yeah . these other people sent some rockets there . then these other guys sent some rockets everywhere . it only took like two days .  newline newline wow .  newline newline and so here we are .  newline newline and so the reason you grew eight eyes , and another arm and leg is cuz  the rockets did nt work on you ?  newline newline yeah . something like that .  newline newline ellis looked up from the floor of the creaky old shack , and looked at his grandfather straight in the eyes . grandpa that has got ta  be the stupidest fuckin  thing that i ve ever heard in my life .  newline newline i know ellis . i know . i pushed open the door to the restroom and walked inside . the bald man followed a second later . i glanced at him out of the corner of my eye . his face was a blank , emotionless mask . even his eyes seemed lifeless , staring straight ahead with none of the tics or movements that would indicate a living , breathing organism . newline newline i stepped up to a urinal , then paused . i glanced at the man again . he was still standing there , staring straight ahead . he seemed to be waiting . newline newline i reached down towards my zipper , then hesitated . i made a decision . instead of taking a piss , i turned around and faced the man . newline newline still he stood , like a statue , his vacant gaze fixated upon a point just over my right shoulder . i looked him over from head to toe . he was definitely not one of the security personnel hired for this event . i knew all the other guys , and he was not one of us . he was definitely dressed in a security uniform , though , which led me to a disquieting conclusion : he d taken a uniform from one of the other guards . newline newline i pondered confronting him directly . if he was trying to masquerade as a security guard , then he was probably trying to do something covertly . he might reveal something , or even flee , if he knew his cover s blown . newline newline then again , he might not . confronting him could quickly lead to a fight . the security staff were issued with tasers , as well as a sidearm . the bald man looked to be in fairly good shape , so if he had a taser and a gun , then it would be too risky for me to fight him . newline newline i decided i needed backup . i would finish my business in the bathroom , then contact my supervisor . we d get the rest of the security staff and take this guy down together , before he tried anything . newline newline i turned back to the urinal . before i could unzip , though , i felt a sharp prick in the side of my neck . i flailed my arms around wildly as i whirled around . the bald man was holding a halfempty syringe in his right hand . newline newline  what the fuck ? what did you just inject into me ? what was that ?  i yelled at him . i felt faint , but did not lose consciousness . i could fight the drug off . maybe it was because he was nt able to give me a full dose . newline newline i was surprised to hear a girl s voice reply .  what the ... that s never happened before . the tranquilizer is supposed to knock him right out .   newline newline a male voice replied to her ,  yeah , and security guard npcs are nt supposed to talk to you either . is this from a recent patch or something ?   the voices were nt coming from the bald man . they seemed to come from all around me , like ethereal beings speaking to me from another dimension . newline newline  patch ? what are you talking about ? who s speaking ?  i demanded . my mind was growing gradually clearer . i definitely could fight the drug off . newline newline  what the fuck ? ? ?   the male voice practically screamed out .  the guard just fucking talked to me ! he talked to me from the game !   newline newline the girl s voice , equally panicked , screeched ,  turn it off , fucking turn it off ! this is fucked up , todd , what the fuck ?   newline newline suddenly , everything around me , from the walls and urinals of the bathroom to the bald man himself , dissolved into electronic static . my surroundings were replaced by complete darkness . it was my turn to mutter in panic ,  what the fuck ?  newline newline then , as abruptly as it had appeared , the darkness vanished , and in its place i found myself standing in a cubical structure , where one wall was entirely a gigantic transparent pane of glass . through the glass i could see two people , two gigantic teenagers , towering over me as they stared at me in utter shock . the guy , dressed in baggy jeans and a tshirt with a heavy metal emblem on the chest , still held a video game console controller in his hand . the girl , with both hands covering her mouth out of surprise , looked like she was about to jump out of her goth outfit in fear . newline newline i looked around . it appeared i was inside a gigantic television set of some sort . through the glass i could see a couch , lamps , a rug : the furnishings of a living room , all of which was massive compared to my size . i looked down at myself . i was still dressed in my security uniform , and everything seemed normal . apart from the fact that i was now apparently miniscule , and trapped inside a tv . newline newline i suppressed the panic that was gnawing at my gut . panic later , i thought to myself . right now , you need to figure out what happened , and how you re going to get back to your world . newline newline i rapped the glass with my knuckles .  excuse me ? could you get me out of here please ?  newline newline  newline newline agent 47 slipped the nowempty syringe back into his pocket . the security guard was sprawled in front of the row of urinals , completely unconscious . grabbing the guard by one ankle , 47 dragged the guard into a nearby stall , then locked him inside . the guard would wake up in a few hours , no worse for wear apart from a momentary headache , a very dry mouth , and no memory of what had happened . newline newline agent 47 briefly wondered what the guard was seeing or hearing right now . the tranquilizing drug apparently created vivid dreams and hallucinations , which meant many victims woke up rather confused and disoriented . the thought was nothing more than a passing musing in 47 s mind , though , as he turned his attention back to the assassination at hand . two security guards down , four more to go .i ended up in the past . alone . i  d been in a sandbox at school . i still remember that . and how my bones felt like they were frozen solid , but my skin burned like lava . even after the ect , i remember being in that sandbox . i didn  t want to remember , but i did . i didn  t want to know how painful it must have been for my mom to get that call from my school telling her that her son had tripped . newline newline when i got picked up by the orphanage , a few days after my trip , they thought i was crazy so i got shipped to some new place called the insane hospital . but i wasn  t the only one who remember the future . this man jerry said he was from a time period a little after mine . he spoke of cars , vast highways , skyscrapers , and hoverboards . some things i remember , other things i didn  t know . but jerry was always nice until the finally gave him the lobotomy . newline newline  never tell anyone about the trip , keith.  he told me before getting carted away . i wish i had followed his advice . even he couldn  t keep his own secrets , as he criticized the science and rational of our asylum . he spilled the beans to one of the nurses , who put him through ect . it did nt work . when he got back from the lobotomy he said he couldn  t remember anything from before . i remember it so well , because it was one of the days dorothea dix had come to visit too . i liked miss dix because she always believed me . newline newline  miss dix , come talk to this boy.  one of the nurses said to her , as she wheeled jerry outside for  suntime  .  he seems to have suffer from the same conditions of our friend jerry here.  newline newline she leaned over to me .  why hello young man . would you like to tell me about what you remember before the orphanage picked you up ?  she was such a nice lady . she didn  t like it when the nurses deviated from the treatment plans she set out . she thought we could just get better if we were just treated like normal people . i was normal . they were crazy . newline newline  the buildings , and the cars . so many cars . my mom and dad both had a car . i remember being in the backseat . and we had a tvthis thing that you could see other people with , but it was all schedules and nice , just like our lives , but other people  s for us to watch . llke looking into someone  s brain while they read a book.  newline newline she looked at me with sympathy , a condescending glazed look one usually gives a crazy person . i just wanted to be back in that sandbox , but the truth is i don  t know what my life would  ve been like . but i didn  t want to be a swisshead like jerry . newline newline  that  s quite an imagination you  ve got there , sweetheart  she told me .  and you heard this from jerry too ?  newline newline i remembered jerry  s advice .  i guess so . i don  t know . i think so.  i told her . newline newline we talked a bit more until she left . i never saw her again . it took a long time for everyone to believe that i  d tightened screws made loose from the orphanage , and appropriating jerry  s stories for myself . i wish miss dix had seen a tv , but i was just too far in the past . i tried to remember the sandbox , but after all these years in the insane hospital , i just didn  t want to remember dark spot in my mindthe future was my secret past , one i kept so close i just can  t even remember what were jerry  s memories and what were mine . newlinei hope you guys do nt mind second person . newline    newline  have fun at school , sweetie !  your mom calls to you as you step out the door . newline newline  okay , mom !  you call back , stepping outside your comfortable home and into the neighborhood . taking a deep breath , you tread one foot in front of another as you make your way to another day of fourth grade . newline newline you kept your head down as you walked down your quiet street as pairs of other students headed down the sidewalk side by side . as hard as it was to not draw attention to yourself , you could nt risk the extra attention . newline newline it was because you were special . newline newline in a world where everyone had a partner , you stood alone . brothers and sisters worked together in the evenly numbered classrooms of greensville elementary , except for you . while every other student had their brother or sister with them , most of which whom only had an age difference of an hour or less , you had none . they just could nt get your newly brother to breathe . newline newline the cool breeze on the sunny autumn day nipped at your ears as you kept your eyes peeled for anyone who might be following you . newline newline that was the other drawback of being a single child . the monroe brothers . the two bullies had no problem with taking advantage that you had noone else to stand up for you and really enjoyed the sandwich that your mom makes . yet , by some form of miracle , you manage to make your way to school in one piece and your lunch in your bag . newline newline as you enter the classroom of miss johnson , you take your seat in the back of the classroom . another desk sits directly next to yours , dusty and unused since you started the fourth grade a few months ago . each set of the normal  children sitting beside each other , pulling out the reports that they worked together on the previous evening for today s homework . newline newline you reached into your bag and pulled out the report that you slaved over all evening for today . the teacher did nt feel it would be fair to the other students not to assign each family the same set of work , so you simply had to do double . newline newline  alright class . settle down now ,  miss johnson addressed the class .  before we start , we have a new student who is joining us today .  newline newline your ears perked as soon as you heard it . student . singular . not students . the door to the classrooom opened and a young girl , just a little shorter than you with long brown hair , strolled into the classroom with a purple backpack . her eyes scanned the classroom with a look you recognized as if you were looking into a mirror . newline newline  all the way from new york , meet lisa beckwith . please be sure to give her a warm welcome ,  she said solemnly . newline newline the class gave a halfhearted  hi lisa ,  and she replied with a simple hand wave . the teacher instructed her to sit in the back in the empty chair and she simply nodded . newline newline lisa made her way to the back of the classroom and set her bag on the floor . she wiped the dust off of the desk and sat down beside you . the girl cast you a curious glance and you looked back at her . newline newline  you do nt have a twin ?  you asked quietly . newline newline she looked up at the teacher , who was starting the lesson and returned her gaze back to you .  nope . do you ?  newline newline you shook your head .  nuhuh .  newline newline lisa smiled and extended her pinkie finger to you .  then how about we be each other s twin ?  newline newline the question caught you off guard . how could you be her twin ? the two of you look almost nothing alike . it was crazy . it was absurd . newline newline it would mean finally having a new friend . newline newline wrapping your pinkie in hers , you give her a wide smile . newline newline  deal .  11  completed  answer  s  selected : 1,1 newline newline temptation overwhelms you and you reach for the book in his hands . things get a little slippery when ted retracts his arms , pulling you back with him . his strength is surprising for a man in his old age , and this catches you off guard . while your body lay half on the counter with legs over the edge , ted reaches into his pocket to pull out a weapon to defend himself . before you have the chance to react , your primal , predatory senses kick in and you shift into a polar bear  knocking ted and the items to the floor . enraged with adrenaline and animal intuition , you charge for ted and put his head inside your jaws . a slow crunch is heard before your upper and lower jaws connect with a loud snap . the rage inside you begins to soothe and you unshift feeling no longer threatened . covered in blood , and a little shaky from the adrenaline , you hop over the counter and lock the front door . ted s blood is now on your hands . everyone in your village is close , and ted is the only supply shop in town . someone is bound to notice that he s missing . you close the shutters and flip the open sign to closed , then go back to his corpse . upon your findings , the   bow   5  arrows   have been destroyed in your rage , but the   book   remains unscathed . picking up the book off the floor and placing it in your rucksack , you have to make a decision . newline newline which item do you leave behind ? newline newline  1 . purified bottle of siren s tears newline  2 . spell book of necromancy : the practice of conjuring the undead newline  3 . book of basic principles  foreign languages of the land  101  newline newline    newline newline when you place your item  s  in your rucksack , you bump up against ted s corpse and hear a jingle . examining further , you find a key ring with one key attached . underneath your feet is a trap door cellar that seems to meet the criteria for the key . newline newline do you go inside the trap door cellar ? newline newline 1 . yes newline 2 . no  continue on main quest toward copperwall kingdom note :  i took some small liberties with the prompt . critiques welcome .  newline newline from blackness , a voice : newline newline  help me please help me i  m a prisoner dungeon of the castle . my name is  newline newline the voice drifts away into dream and haze , then returns . newline newline  wizard has done something  newline newline the voice  thin , high  fades out and in again . newline newline  other missing girls . now only i  newline newline krakaboom ! newline newline i startle awake in my chair , looking around . my cubicle .  a cubicle ? since when ?  my teastained mug  who gave that to me ?  , my keyboard and its crumbs . my secondhand office chair , lumpy and torn .  did the office actually give me this ?  i struggle to recall what company i work for . abookstore , was it ? that sounds right . then how did i get here , in this cubicle farm ? newline newline ssssshrakoom ! newline newline lightning and simultaneous thunder shake the office floor . a second flash , and then the lights go out . pure dark . newline newline i start to stand , slam my knee into some hard edge under the desk . swear words come to mind , but all that comes out is a growl of random syllables . i  m clutching my knee and trying to stand on one leg , so i jerk and nearly fall over when a man  s voice addresses me . newline newline  hey , link  newline newline link ? newline newline  i  m going downstairs for a bit . no need to worry , i  ll be back before long.  newline newline i limp an about face and wince into a flashlight beam , raise my hand to shield my eyes . the light lowers and i see a mustached , balding man with a doting grin . newline newline  sorry ,  he says .  i  ll be right back , just gon na see if someone  s still down in maintenance . you stay here , if the power comes back on you can keep working on the report without me . or , y  know , go back to napping.  newline newline he winks , fatherly , and walks away down the carpeted hall , disappears around a corner . i sit back down in the dark , massaging my knee . who was he ? should i know him ? he spoke like he knew me . jerry , my mind says . everyone calls him  uncle jerry  . it  s because of the mustache . weird . newline newline wait . i can  t stay here in the dark . i pull open my desk drawers one by one , use the periodic lightning flashes to see their contents . second try , i find a flashlight . perfect . i get up , i stick my head up out of my cubicle and look around . the other workspaces are all empty . great . well , maybe i can find the vending machine and take all the snickers . newline newline stupid ! i realize when i get to them . the power  s out . of course they don  t work ! newline newline alright , alright . i clutch my flashlight and head past the elevators toward the stairs . damned if i  m gon na stay up here waiting for jerry . i  ll just catch up with him downstairs , tell him i  m done for the night , gon na go home . he  ll understand . heck , he  ll probably head out , too . newline newline i push open the door to the stairwell , hear the noise echo down the lightless concrete shaft . something about it makes me shiver . whatever . it  s just the dark , the lack of electricity and people . i shine the flashlight ahead of me and pick my way down the stairs . i can hear the slow drip of water , and pointing my beam out into the empty space between flights , i glimpse something glinting as it falls . a roof leak , i bet . continue on . newline newline seven flights down , i reach bottom . the floor is slick with water and my footsteps splash and echo . the flashlight plays off of wet surfaces . only one way to gobut wasn  t the corridor shorter last time i came through ? newline newline something moans in the darkness , and i freeze , then inch forward , sweeping ahead with my light . there , in a heap against the wall : someone ! newline newline carefully , i sidle up . it  s jerry , slumped where the floor meets the wall . he  s holding something tight to himlooks like a piece of office shelving . his other hand rests on a crowbar that  s lying on the wet floor . newline newline  jerry ?  newline newline  whwho ? that voicelink ?  jerry coughs out a laugh .  thought i said to stay upstairs.  newline newline  i got , i dunno , scared . bored.  newline newline  ah , wellguess you can  tescape who you are.  he coughs again , and i notice the blood coloring his shirt .  linktake thethe crowbar . and my shielddo what i couldn  trescueher.  newline newline jerry  s head lolls as he goes unconscious . i check his pulse , get it faint but there . i don  t know anything about wounds , so i just make sure he  s comfortable and not bleeding too much . newline newline then i look down at the  shield  and crowbar . what the hell was jerry talking about ? sigh . i pick up his  gfits  and stand , flashlight seeking the door to the lobby . it  s not there . instead , down the hall , a strange , oldlooking door , like you might see in a fantasy video game . i ready the crowbar and shelfshield , and step slowly down the hall .i was happy , when registering for my first semester of college , to see my school offered intro to russian . my grandparents came to america during world war ii but would still talk russian to each other , even after all this time . they focused on assimilation , especially during the cold war , so very little of the language was passed down to my dad , and none to me . newline newline after four months of study i could have a very basic conversation with my grandparents in their native language . i thought that would be a great christmas present for them . december 24th rolls around and like every christmas eve of my life they show up for our family dinner . looking over some of my flashcards i hear my grandparents in the hallway talking in russian . just before i come out to greet them i catch a word that sounds familiar . it  s repeated a few more times so i pick up my textbook and turn to the dictionary . expecting to find the russian word for christmas , or turkey i find the word for kill . newline newline thinking i misheard them i go back to my door and listen very carefully to their conversation . i catch the words for son , grandson , daughter , tonight , airport , and after three repeats i was certain , kill . newline newline the russian turns back into english as my dad walks over to them .  mom , jen was wondering if you could help her with the potatoes , and dad i printed out those papers you asked for.  newline newline  sure sweetie , tell jen i  ll be happy to help.  newline newline dad leaves and the sweet matronly tone is replaced with a cold russian response i can roughly translate as ,  i kill her . you kill him . we kill boy.  newline newline i dial 911 on my cell but before i can explain the crazy situation i  m in , my grandma opens my door .  hey sweet pea , want to come help your mom and me with dinner . it  s been so long since i  ve seen you.  not seeing a believable excuse to get away i say sure , put the phone in my pocket and hope the police can trace it for the location . newline newline once in the hall my sweet old grandma looks in my room and sees the open russian textbook and piles of flashcards . with a smile she asks ,  so you  re studying russian . learn anything interesting ?  newlinecan you hear it ? softly , all around you : lubdub , lubdub , lubdub .  it is the pulse of the bloodbriar , the heartwood . the forest breathes . it knows you are here . newline newline do you dare continue ? traveler , beware . if you wander into the depths of the unknown within , you may not return . the way is winding and the trees are vicious and thirsty . if you do find your way out of the labyrinth , you will not be the same . newline newline i must .  newline newline then you will need this , traveler . this cloak is made of barkcloth . see the color , rust and blood ? it is made from the wood itself . time has faded it , but it will protect you better than any armor in the wood . the trees do not feed from their own . newline newline did you make it ?  newline newline you flatter an old woman , traveler . but yes , it was i . from long ago when i was young and spry and foolhardy , as you are , and fancied myself immortal . how time has proven differently ! newline newline it is a generous gift . my thanks .  newline newline bah ! it is a wicked curse if ever there was one . you will certainly go into the wood now , and if you live you may not wish to thank me in the end . newline newline all the same .  newline newline yes , yes . now leave me be , traveler . get you gone . but one more thing : if you find yourself lost , climb . touching the trees is risky , but it is more dangerous to wander and retrace your steps . the same tree may not be fooled twice . newline newline i will remember . on the jetblack beach that borders the crumbling ruins of portland , oregon , an avalanche of metal arrives . cruisers , destroyers , aircraft carriers , and a menagerie of metal monstrosities crash into one another , flung into the beach by an oilslicked rogue wave . newline newline the boats explode like fragmentation grenades , the sheer forces involved blasting apart oxidized layers of steel and titanium . pieces of metal , plastic , and glass fly out in parabolic arcs , impacting trees and sanddunes with the force of cannonballs . newline newline a computer monitor , torn from its console and flung hundreds of feet into the air , comes to rest in the firepit of a nearby village . newline newline seated around the fire are three filthy , sootcovered humans . one is an old man , his eyes sunken and flesh wrinkled . the other two are younger , a male and a female . they are all clothed in tattered scraps of fur and leaves , the hair of the younger humans has become matted together into thick , buginfested locks . newline newline as the computer monitor lands in the fire , the coals burst outward , prompting the humans to leap backwards in defense . the old man , unable to move as quickly as the younger two , is covered in the redhot embers which then proceed to ignite his clothing . he writhes as the flames spread across his body . he lets out a wordless scream , a pained acceptance of his horrible fate . newline newline the younger humans can only stand and watch . attempting to douse him with water would only make things worse . water is flammable these days . black , oily , and flammable . newline newline eventually the man stops screaming . since he had been drinking from the contaminated water , his digestive tract had burned at a much higher temperature than the rest of him . it is an ugly scene , so the younger humans decide to leave . newline newline shortly before the computer monitor had landed in the fire and killed the old man , they had heard thunder . it was more powerful than any thunder they had felt before , shaking the ground and lasting several minutes . it also seemed to come from the direction of the beach , rather than overhead . newline newline so the young humans , their innate curiosity getting the better of them , make their way through the woods and onto the beach . as they push through the thickets of leaves and branches , they are greeted by an astonishing sight . a mountain had formed on the beach . a mountain of metal . newline newline  what is it ?  the female says . newline newline  i do not know .  the male says . newline newline the two stand and stare at the mountain , struggling to understand . newline newline  old man would know .  says the female , finally tearing her eyes from the tangle of hulls and decks looming before her . newline newline  old man would know , yes . but he is dead .  says the male , frowning . newline newline at that moment , the sky opens up and lets loose a shower of oily , black rain . shrugging , the female human starts walking towards the pile of naval vessels . she looks back at the male and waves him forward . newline newline  maybe food inside ! maybe blue water ! maybe another old man !  says the female . newline newline the male human follows the female , and the two climb through a ragged gap in the hull . newline newline they immediately find themselves in a dark metal room . the male trips over an obstacle and falls to the ground . getting back up , the male human inspects the obstacle . it is a body . a human body . driedout , it s mouth agape in a scream . newline newline it was nt an old man . it was nt blue water . it certainly was nt food . it was a dead sailor . a dead sailor aboard a ship full of ghosts , washed ashore by a dead sea . newline newline newline newline newline newlineblam ! the sound echoed around the walls as the bolts were retracted . newline newline 3 minutes until the police arrived . newline newline i have been practicing . i know exactly what to do now . go inside , shove the money into the bags , and get the hell out of this bank . i yanked the door open , and , bag in hand , started shoving the money into my bags as fast as i could . newline newline two more minutes to escape . newline newline then i looked up and took in the room , and how much money there really was . i was so happy to be surrounded by all of the money . but in the back of the room was another vault , much smaller . intrigued as i was , i went to look with a minute and a half left to escape . this one was easy to crack . it opened silently . as the light filtered into the small room , i could nt believe what i saw . a large printing press . newline newline one minute to escape newline newline money , money everywhere . tons of it . there was no way a small bank could ever have so much . how could i have been so stupid ? i dropped the bag and ran to my car . i jumped in , skidding around the turn onto the freeway , and booked it out of there . on my way home , i passed a mob of cops , sirens blaring . i was safe . newline newline that night , when i turned on the news , i saw the scene where i had been , but something was different . the vault in the back , which i had left open , was closed . the cops were in on the counterfeiting scheme . in one night , i had committed attempted theft , but had found much more .the time has finally come ! the great soldiers of the unforgiving white , the unwitting soldiers of the oppressors have finally come to pronounce their sentence upon me . i sit waiting in my shackled bed , the only sounds the muted sounds of the armies of the white walking in segmented rows down the street on their metal feet . their robotic arms pistoning , their metallic feet clanking in an ordered rhythm that only subtly differed from the clicking of the hated clock on the wall . the three of them stand awed by my presence and confer with one another before speaking . as one of them speaks , his face marred by a great white bandage i see the clock s face looking at me . newline newline the clock has watched me for eons , slowly counting the moments of my sentence , only seemingly smiling late at night when my eyes grow heavy . it knows what torments the white has for me in the dark , when its soldiers can come and poke and pry and scan and steal . it looks somber now , its face resting in a quiet manner , seeming to be nothing more than a simple clock . i know better . i know the face of teh watcher that reports to the white ! i know his schemes . newline newline i have my own schemes . i have my own plans . the white will rue the day that they imprisoned barry of the blue in such a place . newline newline they advance , and hold out a small white pill . it is to be my choice then . death by pill , or death by slow torture . they assume that i am not already immune to their toxins , that i have not already planned for such an eventuality ! i am barry of the blue , the last of a great order of wizards . i will test their poisons against the might of my will . we shall see who wins . newline newline newline case log no . 345982 newline newline patient stevens , or barry blue as he insists is his name today , has been diagnosed with acute paranoid schizophrenia , multiple personality disorder , and disassociate personality disorder . this is the fifth of the personalities we have seen in the past week , and we believe that two of the personalities , misters william white and barry blue are currently fighting for control . it is the judgment of the staff that he is to be dosed with 15 mg of lsd twice per day until his personalities are capable of realizing the world they live in . newline newline if that fails , est has been scheduled for monday at 9:15 am , and a cranial specialist has been requested from the state . newline newline pfy . williams .stronka . he walken in and gone done be angered . no set up for the eat at day meet .  where ma fuh ?  him exclaim .  not here now  say mate kronka , newline  we gone plan special sometime , we go water hunt .  newline newline they go down meet lake , sit at fish spot .  spot no good today , where waffle ?  say stronka .  sit and wait , you see  say kronka . newline newline big wave come , wash up fish bits . stronka and kronka eat given tide . newline newline  this be good , water give lots !  say they . newline newline they not notice big nuclear power plant nearby . newline newline after sex time , stronka notice he feeling weird . newline newline  uh oh , me not ready  he say suddenly . newline newline  you go ?  ask kronka . newline newline  i go  and before they know , stronka go . newline newline now under muddy cover , they say together : newline newline  seriously , how are we supposed to live in a world that contaminates our food sources , hides the truth about the manufacturing process of essential items , and then flat out lies when they advertise these things as some sort of bonafide interpretation of their real recipes . joe warshborn pulled out a set of keys from a secret compartment in the trash can . there was hundreds of them , all tinkling and shimmering in the dim lighting . the metallic clink they made calmed his nerves . he never knew what to expect with the new villains . the keys were his weapons , though . newline newline he eyed ball the man behind the bars . water streamed down the walls around a tall and heavy chested figure . strong legs lounged in front of him without a care as the villain eye balled the scruffy man back . he seemed confused . newline newline  so who are you ?  he sneered at joe s janitor s uniform , but seemed interested in the keys . they are always interested in the keys . joe walked past their cells a hundred times , but they only seem to notice he existed when he pulled out the keys . even then , they only pay attention to the keys . the villain s eyes never focused on his face . which is what joe preferred in these type of situations . newline newline the janitor grimaced and started fiddling through the keys . he did nt often come out this way , so finding the right key took a few more seconds . his tired eyes looked up , and he scratched his scraggly beard . he held up the correct key in satisfaction so the villain could see .  they call me the keymaster .  newline newline  are you a villain ?  newline newline he shook my head , and quietly unlocked the heavy door .  no , i just release them .  newline newline  why ? you a hero then ?  newline newline joe noted the red flames shimmering almost invisible on the villain s skin and backed away prudently . that explains why he was in the back rooms , and the walls of water . less flammable that way . newline newline  nope . just a neutral party . you are free to go , and i suggest you head out quickly . there are cameras who will notice there is a missing body .  joe waved vaguely towards the exit . newline newline the fire man hesitated , but freedom always took precedence with villains . flames bursted in preparation in his hands as he jogged turn the corridor . joe sighed and pushed his cleaning cart in the opposite direction , shaking his head in disappointment . kids these days never said thanks anymore . newline newline the wheels squeaked pleasantly in the dim lighting and soon he heard the sirens call into the night . they knew the fire man was gone . not his problem though . he still had to clean the guards bathroom before calling it a night , and dispose of the trash . newline newline as joe stepped into the bathroom , he heard a polite cough from the back . one of the newer interns from the league of awesome heroes stood awkwardly next to the stalls . joe stopped , and looked expectedly at him . newline newline the young hero posed dramatically .  uhm , good citizen ! are you the man known as keymaster ?  newline newline joe glanced around the empty bathroom , down at his janitors uniform , and back at the awkwardly confident man .  i can neither confirm nor deny that .  newline newline this seemed to deflate the hero s enthusiasm .  oh , well , okay . i have a package for you . the keymaster . which is you . right ?  newline newline the janitor shrugged amicably and held out his hand ,  let s just say i am not surprised to see you here .  newline newline with a sniff , the hero dumped the package down onto joe s wrinkled palm and unceremoniously dove out the window . joe carefully weighed the package , and nodded approvingly . another two years of this , he should be able to retire . newline newline with a whistle , the keymaster began mopping down the floors .i d watched it all , from on high . they all woke up , in the same places . very few of them were still sane . they d done horrible things . first they d raped , murdered and pillaged . then they d worked together to try and get out . then , the human spirit mandated that they go back to the ageold pastime of rape and pillage . newline newline i d watched them all . 3,650,000 cycles . enough for every test we could devise . but it was up . i played the cycle for the final time . they woke up , eyes wide , irises spilling almost to the edges of their eyes . and collapsed . they saw a slightly different morning , but they d lived ten thousand years . their minds and bodies were dust . ah well , more work for the janitors .  you always were good at surprising me .  she looked at me and if i had a thousand years i would nt have been able to reconcile any of it  not that blood test , not the men outside my door , not what was about to happen . i could nt have reconciled any of that with the look she gave me then . newline newline newline that same look she  d given me a million times . the one that always melted my heart . the one i  d do anything for . i  m stupid like that . newline newline newline it  s funny how something as small as a look , or just a silly surprise birthday present you get your wife . i  d done it in college , she  d never had her bloodwork done and had been surrendered to the state anonymously as a baby . i thought it would be fun . i  m stupid like that too . newline newline newline the knocking came again . newline newline newline  well it  s time to go.  she said matter of factly and that look hardened and her eyes narrowed . i realized she was looking over my shoulder and i turned and saw  through the kitchen and the fenced porch beyond , the back door . heavy oak that opened inward , and wide open . just the second , screen door between us and them . except there was nobody standing there . i felt the taste of copper in the back of my mouth and that , i think , may have been the fateful moment . the one where i could have done it all differently . if i  d answered the door . if i  d just answered it . newline newline newline then , she grabbed me by the hand and both of us were bolting through the living room , as he knocking grew more urgent . my feet just hit the kitchen tiles and i was beginning to process what she  d meant with the quip about surprises when everything went to hell . newline newline newline the screen door squeaked and i saw a man in black swat gear suddenly take a kneeling stance , a brown and black blur of a german shepherd snakes in past him , toward us . the gunman is pointing what i suddenly realize is a rifle at us . newline newline newline we stop suddenly . well , she does . my socks skid , my heels fly forward and my teeth crack together at the same instant my bony ass hits . my wife  s hand is still holding mine . she hasn  t looked down . she  s staring straight ahead . newline newline newline the dog was crossing the kitchen before i had my feet under me again and i pulled my wife  s hand instinctively to get me between her and the dog bearing down on us . she might as well have been stone for all i could move her , and just as cold too . she was freezing . newline newline newline the dog leapt , white teeth on dark fur so close i could see ropes of saliva trailing behind those jaws . i heard the sharp crack of rifle fire . my wife  s grip tightened . then everything happened at once . newline newline newline there was an incredibly loud crunching sound and deafening bang of the back door being slammed , so hard glasses shattered in the kitchen . all of it enveloped in the shrill howls of a beast in pain as the cutlery drawer exploded to our right . i watched my grandma mildred  s good silverware go off like a claymore mine right in front of us . newline newline newline by the time i was on my feet again , it was over . 5 seconds , maximum . i tried to take in what happened . i was in shock , no doubt , but my mind was starting to notice things . like a bloody severed arm and what looked like most of a head sitting several feet away from the gore soaked edge of the back door  which now was completely shit , heavy oak and all . that explained why the firing had stopped . then to my left , i registered the half gargling , half whimpering sound of the dog drawing its last breaths . newline newline there was blood all over the porch . all over the kitchen . i realized , numbly  all over me . i turned to my wife . her hand still tightly gripping mine , still staring straight at the back door . then i heard the deadbolt shoot into place from across the room , and she turned to look at me . newline newline newline  what  s going on ?  i asked , and must have sounded so pitiful , covered in dog  s blood trying to grasp what the hell had just happened . newline newline newline she raised my hand and kissed it . it was then i realized she was bleeding , right arm was dripping red under her blouse . she waved me off as i started to exclaim over her injury and i heard shouting outside the house . newline newline newline  oh simon.  she said and looked me in the eyes again . this time they were different . they were colder . whatever had been behind them a moment ago had vanished .  i wish there was another way.  newline newline newline before i could say anything she kissed me , hard . so hard i tasted blood . my head was spinning . i felt like i  d stood up out of a hot bath and my vision blurred and went black . i fell to my hands and knees . there were a few moments where i fought for consciousness . then the terrible searing pain in my right arm began to pull things into focus . i felt cold , collapsed completely and stared blurrily into the face above me . newline newline newline a few heartbeats and my vision focused . i looked up into my own eyes . newline newline newline there was a huge crash as something slammed into the front door . newline newline newline  they  ll be here to take you away shortly.  my own voice said to me . my own eyes looked down on me without the slightest bit of concern .  they  ll take care of your injuries.  newline newline newline halfsprawled on the floor , i saw now the blouse i wore , the ring i  d bought my wife from a jeweler in constantinople  one of a kind  on my left finger . my vision blurred again and i vomited as my stomach finally lost the fight with my shock . newline newline newline there was another loud crash and the sound of splintering wood . i heard what used to be my voice shouting with convincing confusion and terror , begging to be taken away from  that thing  . newline newline newline  no.  i said and heard my wife  s voice .  no  i said again and stood up awkwardly , my first time in heels after all . dazed , i turned toward the front door in time to catch 50,000 volts in the chest . then darkness . newline newline newlinenewline andy s fist made a hard pop  noise when his knuckles smashed into the loudmouths jaw and sent him careening again into the ground . the bully s fists were slick with blood by this point , and the fight was little more than a onesided asskicking . still , the loudmouth rolled onto his elbow and tried to stand , despite seeing andy s large and clenched fists . newline newline a voice hissed out behind busted lips and bloodied teeth , as the little shit dug his fingers into the grassy soil and cracked a rictus grin .  i m sorry , am i fighting the old woman down the street ? is your son home , maam ?  newline newlinebill hummed as he finished chalking the last of the pentagram , his hands shaking both with age and excitement . under his breath he kept up a steady stream of nonsensical words and noise  it calmed him and allowed him to think clearly . newline newline  beepabidy ba , a boo po dee dah dum .  he finished the last of the chalk and began circling the complex lines with ceremonial sand .  de skeedeelebaaaaaa ...  for a moment he was stuck , head turned to the sky as he held the note , before he finally kicked it and continued pouring the sand . newline newline  ... aaaaaaadoop doo doo .  he tossed away the now empty bag and took out a box of matches and carefully moved around the room , lighting the thirteen black candles and the three wicks dipped in animal fat . newline newline in the centre of the room the goat baahed gently to itself and he absent mindedly pulled a couple of sugar cubes from his pocket , flicked one to the goat and then popped the other in his mouth . newline newline  sugary candy dandy , mmmmmm mmmm .  he licked his lips and then with hands on his hips turned slowly around the room . it was perfect . with the curtains drawn the room was dark , but there was enough light to see , he d need it to read from the book . newline newline he cleared his throat and began to read , chanting the incantations and whispering the words of power , which seemed to form i the air around him and then slither away into the dark corners . page after page turned , the letters wiping from the book as he read and burning into nothing , but he pushed on , determined in his task . newline newline finally he turned the last page , wiping his sweaty palms against his chunky woollen jumper and reading allowed the last summons .  satan , mmmm hmmm , i summon you to me !  the book snapped shut and bill grinned , quietly adding on  like a nice puddin  pop .  newline newline inside the chalk the floor seemed to bulge , rising like a pool , red and thick like blood  shaping itself into a form , a figure , a demon . a little over seven feet tall , it resembled a man who had been poorly constructed , odd muscles bulging and long thick genitals that bill rather admired . newline newline  who has summoned me from the eternal plains of darkness ? who dares bring me forth ?  each word seemed to dig into bill s brain and rot away some of his mind . he quite liked it . newline newline  well howdy satan , it s me , bill cosby . i summoned you up here as i want you to help me son .  bill smiled at the strange man , unworried by his odd appearance . newline newline satan took a moment but then nodded .  very well ... billl . you wish me to return things to the way they were when you were a respected entertainer ?  newline newline bill gaped for a moment .  well zippide doo sir , how the bipitty did you know that ?  newline newline satan rolled his eyes .  i m satan bill . but is this really what you want ? not to be young ? not to be powerful ? you could have any woman , any life , any gift in return for your soul .  newline newline bill waved him away .  nah , naaaaaah , i dont need not dangit women , i had all that i wanted . i just want me fringin , franging life back !  newline newline satan nodded .  there will be a price .  newline newline for the first time bill seemed unsure , but he nodded .  take my soul and whatever else you want .  he suddenly seemed old , finally looking his true age .  i just want to be remembered as a good man ... even if i bippity booped a few girls in my time .  newline newline satan clapped his hands together and something seemed to pass out , into the world .  it is done .  newline newline bill looked around .  really ? well , that seemed ... easy . i assumed there would be a more ... complex set up circumstances , perhaps with some sort of odd ritual .  newline newline satan shook his head .  the price was paid , your soul , in every way .  newline newline wrinkles passed on bill head .  wait a gosh darn minute , what do you mean every way  ?  he paused .  hey , why did i say gosh darn  ?  he looked paniced .  this is ...  he tried to force out a typical cosbyism , but they were gone , all his rambling , his noises , his weirdness .  it s wrong !   newline newline satan smiled , bill had so very little and he only ever took what had value to a person . with another clap of his hands he was gone and the room returned to normal , light slipping in through the curtains and sand spilled out over the chalk lines . newline newline bill was shaking but managed to pick up his phone and his the dial button to call his agent .  david ? it s bill , look , do we have any ... uh huh , six bookings ? wow that s really good , i m very pleased .  a tear began to work its way down bill s cheek as the words refused to come .  i sound odd ? no i m fine , sure i ll be ready for stand up .  he hung up and looked at the phone . newline newline he slowly walked to the bathroom and looked in the mirror .  beep a doodle ?  it felt wrong . slowly he sunk to the floor , his head in his hands , what had he done , what had he become ? newlinei can help you out . if you re doing this the way i am seeing it in my head , you re going to need to be thematic here . the russian , egyptian , and american forces can all be based on reality , which will take a bit of research , but heaven and hell are very much archetypes . you re going to want to pick a thematic way in which to handle them . newline newline for example : heaven can go a couple of ways . it can be the reluctant parent , punishing a child : all powerful , but slow and sad to react . newline newline it can be the righteous fury of those defending all that is good : no bloodshed , but the obliteration of enemies completely . cleansing fire . newline newline it can be very human , if you want . the good guys who did not start this war , but will defend what they love to the last man . bloody , upfront , and personal . newline newline hell , on the other hand , can have its own variety . newline newline the traditional inferno idea is just mindless monsters of evil headed by a few intelligent and cunning dark leaders . newline newline instead , you could opt for the  rebel underground  idea : hell is not necessarily evil here , but merely disagrees with the way heaven runs things , or perhaps are resentful at being kicked from their onetime home and placed into this  separate but unequal  land . they are weaker than heaven militarily , but more numerous and more cunning . newline newline they could be the all consuming darkness : a force that is numberless in its troops and plays the long game of war very strategically with a singleminded leadership and little individuality throughout . newline newline or , you could even run with a  cold war  style , where hell is about tempting the enemy into fighting for them , and rarely comes to battle themselves . newline newline pm me if you want to discuss this further . can talk specifics after we ve developed a theme .niamh stares at the man greeting her before lifting her gaze to the city once again . multiple moons hang in the sky , the light of a sun much further away than the one she  s used to seeing in the sky . newline newline  oh , you  re here.  the man  s expression has become much less light .  this must be very confusing.  newline newline  what do you mean ? between ? and what does  you  re here  mean ?  niamh demands of him . newline newline  oh darling . i  m so sorry.  he comes up closer to her , moving slowly as if not to startle her .  look , you can take a sit over in the park and i  ll bring you a drink.  newline newline niamh shakes her head , glancing up at the sky again . a meteor shower passes by overhead . the man clears his throat to draw her attention back to him . newline newline  i  m vicente.  newline newline  nniamh.  looking closer , she  s not certain that she  d actually call him a man . his ears taper , his skin is a shade of grey that would look unhealthy on any normal human , and his teeth certainly don  t look normal .  where am i ?  newline newline  nexus , the city between.  newline newline  bbetween what ?  niamh glances up at the dazzling skyscrapers and buildings that have no business existing save that she looks at them right now . newline newline  just between.  vicente gives a soft , gentle smile . it  s oddly calmly despite his sharply pointed teeth .  between here and there , between dreams and reality , between life and death.  newline newline niamh shudders at the last statement .  am i dead ?  she questions , her voice barely above a whisper . vicente gives her a very sad smile . newline newline  probably . on the cusp of dying i  m sure.  vicente shakes his head .  most don  t stay here long . a few minutes here and there at max.  newline newline  ii  ll take that drink.  niamh shivers a bit more .  is it warm ?  newline newline  i  ll get a hot chocolate . unless you don  t like chocolate.  vicente eyes niamh curiously . newline newline  i like chocolate.  niamh  s voice is still quiet as she speaks . newline newline  here , here , take a seat.  vicente guides her to a seat nearby .  i  ll be right back.  newline newline the bench appears to be in a park , but she  s never seen such trees and flowers before . some give off a bioluminescent glow , waving in gentle breezes while others appear similar to plants that she  s seen before . with the unnatural light shining from above , it all looks alien to her . niamh shivers in the chill . she  s wearing little in the way of clothing , a tank top and shorts . trying desperately to recall what happened last , she continues to scan the area as she thinks . it  s all a blur though , feeling like a hazy dream . newline newline one thing is for certain though , it feels wrong , as if she shouldn  t be here . newline newline shutting her eyes , she trembles , attempting to calm herself down from the edge of sobs . all she wants is to be back home . the idea that she might never see home again is even more terrifying . niamh curls up on the bench , her arms tight around her legs . newline newline  niamh . here , here.  newline newline looking up , eyes watery , she finds vicente holding out a steaming cup towards her . there  s a few extra people hovering nearby , none of which really look human . she takes the cup , sipping at it as she trembles in fright and cold . it  s bitter chocolate , strong with no sugar added . nevertheless , she continues to sip at the drink even as a couple tears roll down her face . newline newline  is that better ?  vicente questions . newline newline  vicente , vicente !  a female voice calls out , vicente turning to face towards it . it  s one of the people close by , most of them hanging back from where niamh and vicente are . newline newline  one second.  vicente hurries away and there  s quiet discussion as niamh sips her drink , the warmth spreading throughout her body . vicente returns with a warm jacket , offering it to niamh and settling it in around her shoulders .  here you go.  newline newline  tthank you.  niamh  s voice is still quiet . vicente kneels in front of her , nodding . newline newline  it  ll be okay.  he offers her another calming smile . newline newline niamh finally feels well enough to tearfully return it . maybe it wouldn  t be so bad . newline newline  newline   you can check out more of my stuff at rsyraphia tassiter : calm , objectivedriven , unimaginative . tassiter kentry solidified his reputation as an idyllic soldier at the third battle of the sea of tranquility , during which he was the only survivor of a suicide mission that crippled the enemy s left flank , securing victory for the terran alliance . his steadfast demeanor and decisiveness make him a dangerous opponent if faced headon . newline newline     newline newline alorra vae : an understudy to karafin the wraith , alorra vae is headstrong and independent . she is among the most talented of karafin s disciples , and has shown on several occasions an exemplary aptitude for covert eliminations . using a customized tarqin spark baton , she targets various points along her mark s nervous system , causing paralysis or death . she is small in stature , but makes up for it with unusual speed and a penchant for silence . newline newline     newline newline feng parkkyun : a selfproclaimed  master  of the dead martial arts , parkkyun is nonetheless one of the most lethal handtohand combatants in the terran territories . from a young age , he showed a keen interest for the cultivation of his full being : mind , body , and soul . he has since devoted himself to the lost religion of buddhism , the ideals of the mythical samurai , and the martial teachings of the great warriors of wushu . because of his natural inquisitiveness , parkkyun has become an adept learner and an ingenious fighter . his only weakness is perhaps his hatred of ranged weaponry  though this has nt proven to be a problem yet . newline newline     newline newline tarr : known simply as tarr , this  beast of the ioan steppes  is both feared and revered for his sheer strength and brutality . standing a full nine feet tall , and weighing nearly as much as fullgrown bull , tarr is indeed an imposing figure . his rigid muscle fibers and nanofused cells give him an extreme advantage in handtohand , though his sheer size makes him exceptionally slow . tarr is quick to anger , egotistical , and rather dull , but is perhaps the most determined fighter in existence . his pride alone can fuel his rage long after the bodies and minds of his enemies give out . if it were nt for the exposed biological heat sinks on either side of his spine , he d be practically invincible . that being said , no one yet has had the chance to take advantage of that weakness ...i ca nt fucking stand it anymore ! mrs. peterson fucking has it out for me , and i m tired of her shit ! the cunt had me stay after school today because she wants me to have my parents fucking sign that stupid report card . my dad will freak the fuck out when he sees it ! i ca nt show it to him ! my mom will just go into fullon bitch mode . and of course my brother will boast about his straight a s , like the dick he is . i m not a god damn prodigy like he is , why the fuck do i have to be scrutinized so fucking badly ? i only failed a class , i did nt fucking rob a liquor store . i ca nt wait until i m 18 and i can just get the fuck out and find a place for myself . i ca nt fucking take it anymore .it s really the little things you have to look for . i m not saying that a hundred percent of the time it adds up , but if you know how to look , you can be pretty certain . anyway , i could tell what kind of a man he was . i could tell he was obsessive . newline newline newline now he was nt really a man , but he looked like one and i m not one for hyperbole . hell was already hot and we did nt need words like devil or demon or even angel and god . his name was lucifer and he had manicured hands . he had long hair but it was always combed and well kept . his ring finger was missing a ring and he pulled at it often , absently , as he tortured the damned like me . it was the little things , really , that saved my skin . newline newline newline i died in glory and in a waste . gunfire did me in . my life was the evidence needed to send me to hell . what could i do ? one thing i learned young was that you do nt lie to the judge if the shit s already in front of you . it just pisses them off . it insults their intelligence . i could nt argue being sent to hell . i kinda hunkered down and got ready to do my time . newline newline newline but lucifer was an odd man . i told you he was obsessive . on the great hills of red where the sky was purple and where the screams fell like chaotic rain , he had a little mining shed or something . it s hard to describe . it was a tiny office , metal i guess , if there is metal in hell , and it was always humid so that you burst into sweat as soon as you stepped in . lucifer met all the new prisoners there , as a warden would . he was a thin man and he was nt intimidating per say , but he had that german nazi look about him . he was a professional , you could see that plain , and he took pride in his job . newline newline newline i remember the shadows shifting in the red glow . the plains far past burned with lava and with dying men . it s like a morning swim in hell that happens every day . i was nervous , jittery as you can imagine . but lucifer was odd . he made me sit and there was a silence between us . i suppose he does this to increase the fear . when a man just stares at you amidst a tornado of screams and pain , well , you get a little scared . newline newline newline but i was never a silent type . i need to talk so i opened my mouth . newline newline newline  i guess this is it ,  i said . newline newline newline it took him back . i do nt think he was used to anything but pleas for mercy . newline newline newline  what do you mean ? it has only now begun ,  he said . newline newline newline  nah . everything s ended . eternity ca nt really be called a new beginning if it ai nt going nowhere . this is it . you re gon na fry my ass forever , but nothing else is gon na happen .  newline newline newline it rubbed him the wrong way . i rubbed him the wrong way . newline newline newline  you re wrong . i m going to do more than just fry you .  newline newline newline i snorted . like i was gon na get any more scared . it s a credit to us as a species , but you get used to things fast . you resign and just accept the things you ca nt change if you re strong enough . but lucifer was not strong , not like i was strong , not in that way . newline newline newline  you really do not think you will suffer for all eternity ?  he asked . newline newline newline  you get used to it ,  i said . newline newline newline he shook a bit , a little twitch . he was touching that finger . the missing ring was so noticeable , it was like a movie . newline newline newline  no you do nt ,  he said . newline newline newline  oh yeah ? why s that ? how would you know ? you look like you got some stories to tell .  newline newline newline  i am not here to tell stories .  newline newline newline and i guess i did nt know it then , but i was fighting for my life there . perseverance kicked in on the faint winds of hope . what did i intend ? i was nt too sure , but i m never really sure bout much anyway . newline newline newline  oh yeah ? what are you here for ? for the boss of this place you sure look like you got some troubles . maybe ... woman troubles ?  newline newline newline he smiled . it was a sweet thing , and i have no problem admitting that as a man . it was my opening . newline newline newline  you would nt know ,  he said . newline newline but i did my time in bible school . i was a catholic too , and so i was nt an ignoramus . newline newline newline  is she really all white and pearly ?  i asked .  you know , back home we always think she was a man .  newline newline newline  that s because your kind are fools .  newline newline newline  i ca nt argue there ... tell me though , why wo nt she talk to you ? why put you up here in this hell hole ?  newline newline newline i was getting on his nerves . newline newline newline  pardon the pun ,  i said . newline newline newline  it is not for you to know .  newline newline newline  but you miss her ,  i said . newline newline newline i looked at his hair , at how he dressed . newline newline newline  for a bachelor you sure dress nice .  newline newline newline he just stared . newline newline newline i continued :  considering the rest of this place is so disorganized . you dress like a sharp man , waiting to impress someone .  newline newline newline nothing . newline newline newline  you think she ll ever come back ?  newline newline newline for a second it seemed like he was gon na get up and grab me by the throat . he was not that kind of man though , lucifer . the glow outside flickered and i could see him think about sending me there one time . newline newline newline  before you do what you got to do , at least tell me . do you expect her to come back ?  newline newline newline i guess he was never used to anyone being frank either . newline newline newline  no ,  he said .  we can not talk here . it is impossible for us to make contact . she had made it so in the beginning .  newline newline newline it was my opening . newline newline newline  that s crazy ,  i said .  back home , we talk to her all the time . of course we call her a man , but we talk all the same . sometimes she even talks back if you re one of the crazy ones .  newline newline newline and this was something he did nt know . newline newline newline  what ? you are lying .  newline newline newline but he knew i was nt . he was the type of man who could tell if you were lying . newline newline newline  it s true ,  i said . and then right out with it :  i could take you if you wanted . i could reintroduce the two of you . do nt let my situation fool you , i was a godly man in my time .  newline newline newline he was silent . that ring finger twitched as if balancing the weight of something long gone . newline newline newline  you are dead ,  he said .  you can never go back .  newline newline newline  anyone with a soul can go back ,  i said . i was talking out of my ass , but i was lucky . newline newline newline  you have no soul ,  he said . newline newline newline  maybe . but it seems like you re quite soulful yourself . why do nt we make a deal ?  newline newline newline  what kind of deal ?  newline newline newline  you give me your soul and i ll say a prayer for you .  newline newline newline  if i do that i will no longer exist . i will die same as you .  newline newline newline  i ll say a prayer though . i promise i will . if you die and there s no ... you , then where else do you have to go ?  newline newline newline he mulled it over . what the hell was i doing ? but he was a sad man and obsessive . it had eaten at him forever and i knew i had him . i felt sorry for him , of course , but i needed to save myself . newline newline newline  it s a deal ,  he said . newline newline newline everything just evaporated like steam , and it fuzzed over like a bad dream . i woke up in the hospital . some of the guys were there and they were happy to see me open my eyes . newline newline newline  you sonofabitch ! you re alive .  newline newline newline that kind of thing . i was glad to see them , of course , but i closed my eyes again and they thought i had died for real this time . newline newline newline  call the doctor . call the fucking doctor !  newline newline newline but i was just praying . i keep my promises , you know . i try my best . i said a prayer for old lucifer and wished him the best . i opened my eyes again . i was alive . it was time to resume being bad .when the mist eyed man entered the shop and began flitting from bookshelf to bookshelf , malcolm did nt pay him much attention . it was the end of his shift on a humid saturday where all he could think about was the summer party happening later that night . and tessa . most of the bookstore s patrons made their way out of the cramped wooden door well before closing time . newline newline all except for the mist eyed man . newline newline he had been thumbing through books in every section , then shaking his head in disappointment before moving onto another shelf . malcolm watched him glide through the scifi section , onto romance and business books before finally landing in religion and staying there for a while . newline newline malcolm eyes kept straying back to the clock that now read 5:55 pm , and then back to the man who had a stack of books ringing the creaky old wooden chair in the far corner of the shop . he sighed to himself and began reshelving stray books while throwing glances in the corner occasionally at the quiet old man . newline newline finally , some minutes later , the strange man rose from his place and walked over to the counter . oddly , he had no books in hand as he shuffled his way up to the counter top .  excuse me .  the man said shaking voice worn down by age and experience  i hope i m not bothering you , good sir . i m looking for something that does nt exist .  newline newline malcolm gave him an incredulous stare .  you re uh ... i m sorry ?  newline newline  yes ,  he beamed back at him  it does nt exist , well not yet anyway .  he looked back over his shoulder  i think one of these books may be able to help me , but i m not sure which ? newline newline malcolm checked the clock again . 6:01 pm .  i m sorry sir , but we re actually closed now .  he explained  maybe you could come back tomorrow ? i m sure someone could help you as much as you need then .  newline newline the man heaved a tremendous sigh .  no ... no it must be today . that s quite alright then ,  the man turned back toward the door  perhaps within the next 100 years then .  newline newline  wait !  malcolm was nt sure why he was shouting , but the man stood stone still either way .  ah , 100 years ? what do you mean ?  newline newline the man turned back , and shuffled his way up to the counter . leaning forward he drew malcolm in and whispered  yes , once every 100 years something that does nt exist , does . it s only for the briefest of moments but it will revolutionize the way you see the world .  newline newline malcolm was intrigued . he thought about checking the clock again , after all the party started at 7 but then , he figured , how long could it take to help an old man find a book ? newline newline  well , i can make a bit of time i suppose . what kind of book is it ?  newline newline  books .  the old man corrected . he made his way back to the various shelves and began thumbing through the same books again .  an author has a particular way of writing . a voice , if you will . this very special thing demands that the right voices come together in harmony .  he pulled an old , worn fantasy book down from the shelf and thumbed through it before handing it back to malcolm . newline newline  harmony ?  he asked , while taking the book from the man s frail hands . newline newline  yes , yes harmony . everything in the world is wrought in harmony and books are no different . ah ! here .  he d gathered a collection of books from every genre and indicated for malcolm to lay them all out . newline newline malcolm obeyed , laying the books side by side while opening each to a different page . newline newline  yes , here this one should be page 219 . and this , here should be page 15 .  the misty eyed man pointed to the first book at the beginning of the row .  and finally , the first page .  newline newline  what now ?  malcolm asked . his mind raced with possibility . newline newline  now ,  the man said with a surprisingly toothy grin  now we read . she was my best friend . newline newline i did nt enjoy hiding any of my self from her . but i had to . people could nt know . it was wrong , but it felt so . right .  newline newline he was my teacher , my lover , my confidant . he brought new shades into the world , ones i had never even imagined existed . newline newline we loved . we laughed . we cried . we deceived . newline newline she wished me the best . we would only be apart a few months , but they would seem like years , of course . newline newline he held me . kept me warm . the softest , hairiest , best pillow i d ever sleep on . newline newline she returned . first thing in the morning . knocked twice , and burst through the door . to say her final , final goodbyes . newline newline he was startled . he sat up . newline newline i silently freaked out . newline newline she saw . she gasped . she shut the door , she apologized . newline newline i threw on clothes . i consoled . i confessed . newline newline he joined . newline newline we laughed . we smiled . i kinda suspected . she laughed .if i needed money i would nt have come to you newline newline who uses omnipotence to get worldly desires ? newline newline i m not the sheep , i m the shepherd newline newline in life i never played fair newline newline i used , and abused , and killed newline newline i just did whatever i wanted newline newline just like i do now newline newline the amount of souls that have suffered newline newline i could nt count , even if i lived forever newline newline because i would be preoccupied increasing that number newline newline everywhere i go i hear the roar of thunder following me newline newline his gaze never too far away newline newline do what needs to be done newline newline slit his throat , destroy olympus or pay it back newline newline i do nt care how you do it newline newline i m the shepherd newline newline i m the shepherd newline newline i m the shepherd newline i m the shepherd . newline ... did you hear that ?  newline newline  hear what ?  newline newline  ...  newline newline  ...  newline newline floop newline newline  ... that !  newline newline  ... you woke me up for that ? go back to sleep .  newline newline  but   newline newline  tommy , you woke me up not a minute ago to tell me about bees in your stomach .  newline newline  butterflies !   newline newline  who cares ?  newline newline  ...  newline newline  ... marge ?  newline newline  ... what .  newline newline  what makes a floop  sound ?  newline newline  ... no idea . maybe a giraffe . what sound do giraffes make anyways ?  newline newline  i do nt know .  newline newline  well , whatever s making the sound , it s not gon na hurt you . go to sleep .  newline newline  ...  newline newline  marge ?  newline newline  what  newline newline  it s coming from the bathroom .  newline newline  so ?  newline newline  i have to go .  newline newline  well hold i newline newline  now .   newline newline  ... fine , i ll check the dumb bathroom .  newline newline  ... wow .  newline newline  what is it ? is it gone ?  newline newline  it was just the faucet  it s leaking . you were scared of that ?  newline newline  ... no ...  newline newline  use the dumb bathroom .  newline newline tom got out of bed , and stumbled his way , through the dark of the night , to the bathroom door . before closing it , he paused . newline newline  ... why are nt you using the bathroom ? you said you had to go !  newline newline  hey , marge ?  newline newline  what ...  newline newline  thanks .  newline  newline newline first time answering a writing prompt on reddit , so i appreciate feedback . newline newline floop newline newlinethe cool mountain air carried the scent of danger . thand breathed deeply of the rich scent of the forest . he was alone , a rare privilege these days . as the scion of one of the five xopa houses , and highest ranking xopa commander in the imperial army , his soldiers and servants always surrounded him . he knew some of the humans under his command mocked him for keeping to the old ways of his people . he snorted to himself as he thought of the puny humans and their torches , horses , guns , and dogs . no , the true test of the warrior was to face the darkness alone . newline newline alone in the dark , thand drew strength from the forest . some of the xopa raiders captured earlier that day had cursed him as a rastilneta , the slur free xopa used to describe their brethren who had joined the empire . let those starving wretches call him a potted plant when he hunted alone tonight with only his blade , he thought to himself . newline newline somewhere in the darkness ahead , under the cold light of the moon , a panther screamed . thand  s blood chilled at the sound as he instinctively moved toward it . his prey was a predator herself , and he silently congratulated her on her kill . he prayed to be so lucky when he would find her . his eyes were already adjusting to the darkness , and his other senses conveyed so much more of what the woods would say . he pitied his human comrades who would never know the secrets of the forest . newline newline despite thand  s heightened senses , it was the whistling that alerted him to their presence . he instinctively dropped into the fighting stance taught to him by his teachers . as the son of a sinjoro , he had of course been taught to fight in the imperial style , although his father had demanded that he and his brothers learn the old ways as well . the result had been a very peculiar blend of old and new that made thand one of the most formidable fighters in the empire . newline newline the whistling intensified as a dozen xopa warriors emerged from the trees in a rough circle around him . in the darkness their chestnut skin and rich green braids blended well with the woods . newline newline look , a lost little rastilneta one mocked him . newline newline all alone without any men or guns to protect him another said . newline newline the speech of the xopa sounded like the rustle of the wind through leaves , and carried the unmistakable lilt of laughter . stepping forward into the clearing , thand could see that they were lean , wiry and ropy , despite being nearly nine feet tall . they were naked except for loincloths , although the leader was wearing a pouched vest as well . their simple costumes were in sharp contrast to thand  s attire . newline newline dressed in the blue and butternut of the imperial army of ortinia , with his brown leather boots , thand looked ridiculous . as xopa were almost one and a half times the size of a man , his tunic and pants were large and loose . at his hip he reached reflexively for his holster , only to remember that he had left it behind . the only weapon he had with him was his traditional scimitar . newline newline are you ready to die , rastilneta ? another taunted him , as the circle feinted in and out around him . newline newline thand stoop up , revealing his impressive tenfoot height .  i am thandizwe sin arakwe . my father was galza sin arakwe . his father was syabu doxar sin arakwe . i can trace my ancestry back to mizuxi himself . you are nothing but bandits and beggars ,  he said with a wellearned arrogance . he undid the brass buttons and shrugged off his tunic . newline newline the moonlight revealed his beautiful , scarred body . there were marks from the fights his father had demanded of him , from the duels he had fought on his long rise to power , and from his many battles for the ortinians . he hefted the sabre as he stared at the leader . newline newline  this blade was made in the old way , from the stinger of the giant daggerwasp . i killed the queen and drank her dream honey myself . i blooded this blade when i was but eight summers old , on raider scum just like you ,  thand growled . his eyes flicked from warrior to warrior . thand knew he was outnumbered twelve to one . he had to draw them in . newline newline  when i kill you , i will burn your bodies . i will throw the ashes into the great salt . your seed will shrivel up and die . your spirits will be condemned to howl in the wastes for all eternity.  this last insult finally proved too much and one warrior charged him with a fierce cry . newline newline thand  s scimitar met his attacker in the throat , spilling his rich sweet blood on the pine needles . as the warrior  s momentum carried him forward , thand buried his blade in the xopa  s back . the warrior  s lifeless body collapsed to the floor . a new respect appeared in the eyes of the leader and the older veterans . a growing fear warred behind the eyes of some of the younger warriors . another charged thand from the side . newline newline thand dropped his shoulder and flipped the charging warrior into the air . with a fearsome upward slash , he was coated in the blood of the warrior . his opponent was dead before he hit the ground . thandize we , covered in blood , heard the ritual song of his ancestors on the wind . the blood lust was on him . he turned and eyed the smallest warrior . his markings were the same as the leader . ahh , thought thand , and here is where his weakness will lie .  shall i kill your seedling in front of you ?  he challenged the leader . newline newline the leader  s face became a mask of rage as he ordered , kill him newline newline the circle closed on thand . ostris and knives flashed in the darkness in the cold light of the moon . for every wound thand received he gave two . he repeated his mantra again and again .  i am thandizwe sin arakwe.  slash , stab .  i am the blood of mizuxi.  parry , thrust . when one warrior stabbed his sword in thand  s back he grunted and eviscerated the fool with his blade when the warrior struggled to pull it out . another struck him in the chest before thand  s blade cut him down . he bled from two dozen wounds as the soft ground soaked up the hot blood of eleven xopa . newline newline thand staggered around like a wounded bull , slashing and parrying with his blade as he cut them down .  i am thandizwe sin arakwe .  another warrior fell .  i am the blood of mizuxi  . a xopa warrior uttered a guttural scream as he was disembowled .  i am thandizwe sin arakwe .  the leader s blade came up feebly .  i am the blood of mizuxi .  the leader  s lifeless green eyes stared at nothing as his disembodied head rolled away from his corpse . thand fell to one knee , half wresting on his scimitar for support . no fewer than six blades had been broken on his body . ahead of him was only the seedling , who held his blade in front of him with both trembling hands . newline newline  come , little weed . come and fight me . blood your sword on the blood of mizuxi himself.  the seedling took a step backwards . even mortally wounded , thand was a terrifying sight . thand took pity on the young warrior . barely seven feet tall , he surely could not be much older than his tenth summer . newline newline  this will be the song they will sing of you . you will be the one who killed thandizwe sin arakwe.  he cajoled the boy .  all you must do is strike me down . give me the warrior  s death.  newline newline the seedling took a tentative step forward , almost running when thand raised his curved sword .  no !  thand barked ,  you must earn my blood , little weed . become a warrior today , and strike me down , or i will kill you myself and burn your body.  the boy  s eyes hardened and he nodded . he lunged at thand , who parried his inexpert thrust easily . newline newline  pathetic  he laughed , as the seedling picked himself up .  i will cut your hand off if you try something that foolish again.  thand coughed up some more blood .  do it quickly boy , or i will die with your blade unblooded.  the seedling charged again , and thand rewarded him with a slash across the face . newline newline the seedling howled as the blood rushed through his fingers . thand roared up at the sky ,  i have bled you . i have killed your clansmen . i have killed your father . now will you kill me ? or are you too much of a cowurk  thand looked down at the blade emerging from his chest . thandizwe looked over his shoulder at the bloody seedling who had run him through . thandizwe grinned at him .  your blade has taken this life ,  his chest heaved as blood bubbled a the corners of his mouth ,  little warrior . now i will show you . a true . xopa .  newline newline the youth stood in shock as thandizwe sin arakwe fell forward with a thud . he pulled his sword from the corpse and turned to look for his father . his father  s head was laying on its side some distance from its body . the warrior picked it up and kissed its forehead before closing his father  s eyes . he dragged all dozen bodies to the base of a dozen trees , giving honor to all the warriors who had fallen in this battle in the wood . the sun was coming up by the time he was finished . he collected his prizes , the boots and jacket of thandizwe , his father  s vest , the pouches of all the warriors , but left their weapons for the journey to the beyond . the young warrior then began the long lonely trek back to his village . we ca nt keep these lies going any longer , people are starting to notice .  the face that belonged to the voice was youthful , no more than 25 years in age . newline newline  quite ! you are too young to understand the necessity behind our actions !  urged an aged voice , raspy as it was it emitted a certain amount of force . newline newline  she s right elder , our grasp on the media channels are no longer effective . people are believing their eyes , not what we tell them .  newline newline wrinkled eyes darted to the direction of the third voice .  do you know what this means senator ?  newline newline  of course , we have to release the cure elder .  newline newline  fool ! if we do that we will lose control , is that what you want ?  newline newline  but elder , if we do nt we will be vulnerable to the possibility of extinction , especially with the collapse of the mars colony .  the voice the senator produced was calm and steady , experienced with dealing with this particular set of ears . newline newline  do nt recite facts to me like a school boy ! you are nt even half my age  . newline newline the senator waited before responding ,  true but there are not many left of your age and none with half the amount of wits you possess s ...  . newline newline  save the flattery , that is nt going to work ! do you remember why we created the virus in the first place ?  annoyance made his voice even more forceful . newline newline  to inhibit reproduction .  replied a flat voice . newline newline  and ...  newline newline  and maintain control of the resources .  newline newline  very good , glad to see you have nt caught the madness .  mocking eyes only served to illuminate an almost sinister grin . newline newline  a madness we created !  for the first time the senator lost control of his voice and anger was more then apparent . newline newline  what !  wide eyes reflected the shock the woman was feeling .  that was us ? we created the madness ?  newline newline  oh do nt look so surprised girl , the virus was bound to have a few side effects .  the elder replied waving it off . newline newline  a few side effects ? people are killing themselves and each other for no reason ! who else knows about this ?  newline newline he did nt bother masking his contempt when replying  you are looking at them , girl.  . newline newline the senator interrupted the exchange , trying his earlier argument  but elder , what about the virus , if we do nt release the cure we will go extinct !  newline newline  enough ! i will hear no more of this .  his tone was final . newline newline  fine , then i have no choice but to let the truth out .  responded the senator gravely . newline newline  i m sorry , but i ca nt let you do that .  the elder s tone was flat but held a dangerous air . newline newline the senator responded cooly ,  what are you going to do , kill me ?  . newline newline  you mistake me for mad senator . you will have to remain isolated , you and the girl .  the elder attempted to leave through the only door but was felt his arm pulling away in the opposite direction . newline newline  i think you are the one who made a mistake , i was nt asking for your permission , not this time .  the senator was nt even trying to restrain his anger . newline newline  you can try but i would nt recommend it .  his voice remained steady , letting no emotion show . newline newline  why not ?  he asked yelling . newline newline instead of responding the elder walked over to a screen that could have been mistaken for a window and his gaze fell upon a small blue planet . despite the waters that took most of the land mass and the now poisonous atmosphere which removed all plant life he could nt help but enjoy the view as he always had . newline newline  you are just going to cause panic .  he finally answered . newline newline  how so ?  the senators anger gave way to frightened curiosity . newline newline  we ve almost depleted our resources senator , it s over .  the elder could nt keep the tiredness from his voice and for the first time in 300 years he felt old .  now all we can do is wait . the blood was everywhere . it pooled on the floor , painting the light tan carpet a deep red . it spattered the walls where unfortunate souls had been thrown into them . some of it was even on the ceiling , dripping almost silently onto the carpet below . but most of all , it stained the silver fur of my muzzle until it was black . newline newline i began to feed on one of the corpses . corpse probably was nt the right word for something that still wiggled in pain as i bit into the soft flesh of it s stomach . i tried not to think to hard about that . these men were dead and the beast was hungry . it s best to feed it as soon as possible , i thought . after all , the dead have no further use for their flesh .  i closed my eyes and tried to ignore the quiet whimpers of fear and pain . newline newline a small whine from behind me made me look up from my grisly feast . i turned to see my daughter staring at me . she had returned to her human shape , but her blazing gold eyes told me she still struggled for control . she was coated with dark red blood just as i was . an observer would be forgiven for thinking she had been hurt , but there was no mistaking the way it stained her lips and face . newline newline i folded my ears back in guilt . she was far too young for this . i had hoped to keep the truth hidden from her until she was older . until she was ready to face the real terrors of the world . i glanced at the dead mercenaries who had taken that chance from me and growled . newline newline my daughter gasped at the noise , and i immediately rushed to her side , trying to comfort her even as i knew i was responsible for her fear . i brushed up against her and she grabbed me , pulling me tight into a hug . we fell together onto the bloodstained carpet , with her arms around me and her face buried in the fur on my neck . i whined in concern , but continued to lay still so she had something to hold . i heard her begin to cry . newline newline after what seemed an eternity , she loosened her grip on me . i rolled over until i faced her and saw that she had sat up , still rubbing tears from her eyes . i got up gently so as not to scare her , then gently nuzzled her arm . she moved it aside and i began licking her face , trying to clean her as much as comfort her . for a moment , i was afraid i had lost her , but then she began to stroke my back as if i were a dog . newline newline i finished with her face and tried to start on the rest , but she pulled back from me . i lifted my head and sat down , looking at her . she trembled a bit as she looked at me with wide , golden eyes , and i silently cursed at myself for being what i was . there was nothing i could do to help being a monster , but knowing that did nt make me feel any less guilty . newline newline  daddy ?  she said in a shaky , quiet voice . even despite her fear , it came out more like a growl than the voice of a young girl .  are we the bad guys ?  i dropped my head and folde my ears back in guilt . i would nt know how to answer that even if i could have spoken . i turned , hating myself as much as i did the mercenearies scattered on the floor and walls . newline newline i wanted to leave , but my daughter , my brave little daughter , caught my tail . i stopped and stiffened as she came up to me . she was scared , but the expression on her face was resolute . she said to me ,  no .  i looked her in the eyes , unsure of what she meant .  they killed mommy , did nt they ?  i looked at her with sad eyes . she was too young to understand , or so i had thought . newline newline  you tried to protect mommy . she died because she was nt ... like us .  i looked away . she had been too young when her mother had died . i had killed the men that did it , just like tonight , but it had been too late to save her .  they wanted to hurt us because we re different , did nt they ?  i stiffened at that . i looked up , wishing i could speak so that i could apologize to her , but she had that same expression her mother always had . it was the face she had used when she told me i was nt a monster . i never told her , but i had nt believed it . newline newline  they came to our house to kill us . that makes them the bad guys .  she was brave . i wanted to tell her that it was nt blackandwhite . i wanted to tell her that we were monsters . i wanted to tell her , but she was too young to know such things , and i could nt speak as a wolf anyway . most of all , i did nt tell her because i wanted her to be right .hypatia , long red hair clasped by a silver snake that jiggled at the small of her back , led me down the main hall of the library , turned and smiled her genius dancing eyes . with a graceful sweep of her outstretched palms , she indicated for me to look at the floor . newline newline they were all here ! newline newline aristotle s complete works , several hundred bound books , scrolls and manuscripts , were laid out neatly on the polished marble floor in front of me . and euclid . as promised . all 13 volumes by euclid . newline newline i fell to my knees , voiceless . newline newline then raised my eyes to the cavernous walls . newline newline still on those glorious shelves to explore were works by anaximander , parmenides , xenophanes , heraclitus , theophrastus , zeno , epicurus , pyrrhon , panaetius , philon , apollonius of tyana , plotinus ... plato ! berossus  babylonaica  the history of the world with 432,000 years of timeline !  aristarchus of samos who figured out that the earth orbits the sun , the correct order of the planets , and the size of solar system  all through deductions we d lost ! 9 volumes of sappho s poetry ... 3 dozen books by archimedes  how could there have been so many unknown titles ? 60 unseen plays by euripides ! the complete works of hero of alexandria , who invented steam engines , wind turbines and hydrostatic fountains , automated machines ... who knew the laws of refraction and had discovered imaginary numbers for the love of christ  thousands of years before anyone else ! all here ! in pristine condition ! newline newline in my reverie , i had not noticed that hypatia , the chief librarian , had disappeared . newline newline my body sprung up and around with horror . newline newline  nooo not yet hypatia  i must first show you how ! !  , i screamed . newline newline but it was too late . hypatia , the worldrenowned mathematician with an insatiable hunger for knowledge , a lecturer beloved by thousands , a builder of hydrometers and astrolabes , that shameless firebrand whom no man could stop  had entered my time machine . newline newline the temperamental machine tended to burn hot if she was nt eased in . newline newline newline newlinehe  d been counting , and it had been two years , five months , and 11 days since he  d been locked in his room . newline newline they  d said , it  s for your own safety , jon .  newline newline he wondered how it would make it safer for him to remain in his room for two years , but he guessed it was meant to be temporary . not very much so now , was it ? newline newline his only link to the outside world were scraps of paper , left by men and women who would possibly never return again , or maybe it was the same people since he  d been in . there was a peephole in the wall and a bed . newline newline for food ? newline newline he had to rely , again on those lone souls who left the paper . sometimes there was food there , sometimes there was nt . newline newline the only things in his room apart from a bed were a worn music player , and a computer terminal , connected to an old fat tv . newline newline the terminal was broken , or atleast faulty for it never worked . newline newline so the only thing he had for company was the music player , which had a single song on it . it was called lonely , by a female artist whose name wasn  t on the music player . newline newline a lonely person listening to a song about loneliness of course , anyone would get lonely without human contact that long . lonely , and oh , the arguments . newline newline the arguments were the other thing he listened to . newline newline the paperthin walls , along with the screechy voice of the woman who lived alongside , were why he could hear her arguing with the man she lived with . newline newline that guy was a sniveling jerk , even the thirteen year old jonathan knew that . he  d even cheated on her , but she couldn  t find it in her heart to throw him out . his voice was rusty and creaky , after 2 years of not speaking , but if he could talk to her he would tell her to move away . newline newline he flopped down on his bed , and went to sleep . the only off switch for his thoughts . because no matter what he did , his thoughts wouldn  t leave him alone . newline newline newline   jonathan , i  m sorry , but you have to go in there . it  s for your own safety . please.  her voice was lower , and she said something that chilled his blood .    he  ll kill you.   newline newline she sounded worried , but jon didn  t want to .  newline newline   no.   newline newline   what did you say , you little punk ?   the man  s voice was gruff and jarring , and the woman timidly moved to the corner . she was afraid of him . newline newline   i said no.  his voice resolute .  newline newline   paul . stop , you  re scaring him.  the woman was afraid but she was trying her best .  newline newline   shut up , b . well , you  re going in there , if you like it or not.   newline newline   no ! what are you doing , paul ? stop !  a scream rent the air as the air was knocked out of her lungs .  newline newline when he woke , he was in the room . there was a painful bruise on his chest . the only thing he could remember was that his name was jonathan .  newline newline he woke , from his fitful sleep . it was another bad dream . he hated when those happened , he barely dreamed and he didn  t like when it was scary or depressing . newline newline he decided he  d try to get that terminal working if not outside contact , atleast he  d be able to play some games ? newline newline he turned it on . newline newline he didn  t expect to get a display working . but he got one . newline he was amazed  it was blue , and flickery , but it was something . while the insignia on the outside of it had been eroded away by age , this suddenly working non functional monolith had not forgotten . it said : newline newline  commodore 64 basic v2  newline 64k ram system 38911 basic bytes free newline ready . newline he didn  t know what to press next , so he tried typing in random stuff , because they  d learnt basic at school two years ago , in 1995 . but that was on a different pc , not this thing , so he didn  t know if it worked . why was it even here ? newline newline  commodore 64 basic v2  newline 64k ram system 38911 basic bytes free newline ready . newline hello newline ? syntax error newline win newline ? syntax error newline newline newline ergh , what the hell ? this terminal was broken . he knew a little about computers and realized this was a commodore 64 , and not a terminal like he had thought . newline newline something flashed through his memory . six months ago newline newline the paper . newline newline if you have an old pc like a commodore 64 , you can still use it ! newline to use the tape drive , type in load and press return . then , press play on the tape drive .  newline newline  commodore 64 basic v2  newline 64k ram system 38042 basic bytes free newline ready . newline load newline press play on tape newline newline the screen changed . newline newline paul rockwell cbmcomm v3.12 newline all rights reserved newline newline  newline newline he didn  t know who paul was , or what cbmcomm was . newline newline he tried for a help menu . newline newline paul rockwell cbmcomm v3.12 newline all rights reserved newline newline  help newline newline for a general information listing , press 1 . newline for a listing of all commands , press 2 . newline newline  1 newline newline paul rockwell cbmcomm is a communication program for the commodore 64 . newline please ensure the fm card is plugged in before proceeding . newline newline he didn  t know what that was , but there was something sticking out of the back and he thought that must be it . newline newline  2 newline ? msg to send a message newline ? sos to broadcast a help message newline ? exit to quit newline newline newline he typed in newline newline  sos newline newline suddenly : newline newline system critical newline can not handle exception : newline e12 : out of memory newline newline the screen went dark . newline newline he decided , screw it . it was a broken machine , worked one in five times anyway . newline newline he turned around to play lonely , and he saw a cookie on the floor . newline newline he thought someone slipped it through the peephole , but he wasn  t sure . newline newline this was the third cookie in three days . newline newline they had been coming , suddenly , after 3 days ago the woman had an argument with the man . she  d told him to leave , and something he didn  t understand . to give her the keys . keys to what ? newline newline it had been a terrible argument , with shouting and screaming . newline newline   maybe you should get a job , you useless piece of shit !   newline newline   you work , don  t you ? that  s enough . because it  s all my money . oh , and you haven  t given me your paycheck yet.   newline newline   well , i won  t . get out paul . you haven  t had a job for three years and you locked him up !   newline newline   the world owes paul rockwell a debt , so shut up . it  s not my fault i was fired.   newline newline   well f you paul ! get the f out . and give me the keys you miserable shit !   newline newline   nope . i  m out of here.   newline newline then only sobbing could be heard .  newline newline  nbsp newline newline from somewhere , a transmission :  newline newline ...   ...  ...   ...  ...   ...  . .     . . .. ..  . .  . ...  ...   ... ... ..   ... .  ..  ..   .  .   ..   .   ...  .. ... .        .  .  . . .    . . . .    . . .  ..  . .  . .. newline newline john gardner woke up as his ham radio beeped to life . the morse code printer he  d juryrigged to work with the radio began to show a printout .  newline newline he quickly read it . the message was :  newline newline sos sos sos coordinates 37.2488 n 121.8400 e program terminated newline newline he quickly called 911 . an sos over radio could be serious .  newline newline at 37.2488 n 121.8400 e :  newline newline jon heard a thud , and suddenly a hole opened in the ceiling . he didn  t know what was going on , as the light blinded him . newline newline a man in cop clothes dropped from the hole . newline newline he asked what his name was . he answered ,  jonathan.  newline newline and then it all came back to him . newline newline newline edits : formatting newline newline thanks doortodecember this was my first prompt glad it was so great why do you always masturbate with me around ? i m gon na tell the world what you ve done here . and by the way , that dog food is shit , feed me some fucking real food ! share that steak , give me a hamburger !  newline newline i stand in awe not believing what s happening  my dog can talk ! shit ! my dog can talk.. he better keep his mouth shut . a talking dog is remarkable but i m not going down for scooby fucking doo . newline newline  hey , boy , why do nt we go to the park ? you love the park ?  i say as i frantically rummage through my snack drawer looking for anything to keep him content . newline newline  no . i ll go to the park when i m a free dog , i have rights now ! besides , you re my bitch now . you ll do what i say unless you want everyone knowing about all of the illegal shit you do here .  newline newline  cmon , buddy  we ve had some good times have nt we ?  i ask .  yeah i suppose we have , but i m done now , enough is enough.  he replied .  well , how about we make peace ? i have this special treat for you that i have always kept to myself and never shared..  i retorted .  wow , thank you ! this is delicious ! what did you say it was called ?  he asked .  chocolate. the clock read 11.55pm , as my heart started to thump more excitedly . in 5 more minutes i would turn 18 , an experience that i had waited my entire life . heck , it was an experience that everyone looked forward to . not because you re finally of legal age , but because at precisely 12 midnight on the day you turn 18 , you ll see an image of the person you re meant to love . in other words , your soulmate . newline newline 11.56pm . i stared at the lake before me , the image of the moon clearly reflected on the surface . while others may choose to celebrate the occasion with friends or family , i had picked this spot in purpose . it was quiet and calm , allowing myself to my thoughts . not that i have any friends or family anyway . solitude has always been part of my life , which is pretty normal i guess when you re an unwanted orphan . newline newline 11.57pm . i thought of the person whom i was supposed to love . will he be like me , a lonely person throughout his life , with no close friends or family ? or will he be the exact opposite of me , a fun guy and a sociable person , my knight in shining armor ? my reflection stared back at me , the image of a unkempt girl with shabby clothes and messed up hair . how will he ever love someone like me ? newline newline 11.57pm . once upon a time ago , i was happy . i had friends . i had family . my parents loved me with all that they could . as a toddler , however , one could never see that . all that i wanted was more , as if the whole world revolved around me . i still remember that night . it was raining heavily as we were driving home after a movie . i was hungry and demanded for an icecream . my parents tried to explain to me that it was late and it was storming , but i did nt listened . i threw the biggest tantrum i could at the back of the car . my dad never saw the truck coming . newline newline 11.58pm . my bare foot splashed against the water , making small ripples that sent the fishes scurrying . what if this supposed soulmate of mine does nt love me the same way ? there have been cases where the feelings are one sided , like sally from the burger bar . she saw justin bieber in her vision , and thinking that he was meant to be her soulmate , she went all out to get him . what she did not realize that she was not the only one who had him in her vision . suffice to say , the entire thing did nt end well . even if we can see the image of who we re meant to love , not everyone ends up with a happily ever after . only the lucky ones do . newline newline 11.59pm .  one more minute . i shuddered at the thought of an unrequited love , or even worse , love that changes . all my life i have been searching for someone to accept me for who i am , but what s there to stop them for getting bored at me after a while ? what if the person does nt like who he sees ? i m far from pretty , and i have no social class or whatsoever to back me up . what if he gets my image , only to decide that he does nt love me ? newline newline      newline newline and at 12.00am sharp , a bright light appeared before my eyes , the outline of a person forming slowly before me . i was anxious now , worried even . afraid of what is to come . terrified that just like my life , everything happy would only be ruined by myself sooner or later . newline newline and when the final image materialized , the face a familiar figure , it finally dawned on me the person whom i am meant to love first , before anyone else . newline newline myself . newline newline     newline newline rdoritalesi watch the sun as it crawls into the sky . the weak amber sunlight does nothing to warm the morning chill , but it seems to thaw the restraint that has been holding my heart in check . newline newline the dim sunlight falls across the dusty pen and i can see my family , my cousins and everyone i have ever known . they are all sitting still , but no one is asleep . i see eyes clamped shut and eyes wide open , but no one meets my gaze except for my sister . she is in the opposite pen . her face is impassive but i can see the glimmer of excitement in her dark eyes . newline newline i try my best to match her pokerface , but beneath my feathers i am shivering , and beneath my breast i can feel the jackhammer of my heart .  it won  t be you  , i think to myself , cringing at the petulant tone of my mind  s voice . i try to focus on my breathing and my heartbeat . i try to focus on the cold in my bones . i try to focus on anything other than the whiny voice in my mind , but i can  t help myself .  it  ll be me , or maybe one of the other seniors . but it won  t be you . stop looking so humandamn smug .  newline newline i hear a soft , venomoussounding  gobble  and frown at this intrusion of our silence , before i realize it came from my beak . and i look down in embarrassment , peering intently at the sawdust beneath our claws . every year the humans came at dawn , selecting one of us to be decorated with green garlands , bathed in the purifying fires of heaven and placed upon a metal throne to be honored at the center of the table . newline newline first it was mother , then father , then conner and melissa and shamus . every year i watched them carry a lovedone into the castle , and every year i felt the resentment and despair growing bigger and blacker in my heart .  it won  t be you ,  i think , looking up at my sister again .  it can  t be you .  newline newline the door opens , and the wooden floor creaks as one of the humans walks into the room . he is one of the younger humans , with a soft layer of blonde fuzz on his jaw . he gazes slowly at each and every one of us .  please choose me ,  i think as his green eyes focus on me .  please choose me . please choose me .  newline newline but his gaze slides to the next pen , and the next . around and around and around , until he is facing my sister .  it can  t be her . no dammit !  and as he bends down and grasps her , i can not contain the torrent of frenzied gobbles that flood from my beak , mixing with the sorrowful wails of my family , my cousins and everyone i have ever known . everyone except my sister . newline newline edited for simple grammar mistakes . newlinei looked down at the patient . he was nt particularly spectacular . he had that kind of air a lot of wealthy middle aged guys with heavy wallets have . that sense of superiority , of confidence and what could only be described as devilish charm . or he would have struck me as such , had he not been unconscious . but he looked the part . tall , with broad shoulders and a barrel chest . he had dark hair that had greyed in picture perfect fashion along his temples . his skin was bronzed and tanned into the pleasant leather that every gold digger watched for . all in all , he looked like ray wise . newline newline he was laying flat on the stretcher they had wheeled him in on . they had cut off his clothes , a black pinstripe suit that probably cost more than what i make in a month . but i did nt pay too much attention to that . behind me , one of the interns made a joke about a  pinstrip  suit while tossing the remains into a biohazard bag . newline newline  what happened ?  i asked the nurse on duty . she handed me the report . a stab wound . severe blood loss . i looked down at him . he did nt look pale . i looked back up to the nurse , arching an eyebrow in a quizzical fashion . newline  i know . but that is nt the weirdest part .  she said . i tried to elevate my eyebrow , but it was as high as it would go . she rolled her eyes at me and scowled , pulling back the sheet over his stomach . i looked back down to the patient before taking a step back . newline newline someone had stabbed him with a crucifix . i do nt mean like someone had tied a cross guard onto a sharpened stick . i mean a wooden crucifix complete with a little metal jesus . i was looking at jesus , knee deep in this guy s stomach . newline newline  christ .  i exhaled to myself . newline newline  obviously .  she said , giving me a sideways glance . i ignored her and looked back to the patient . jesus was looking down at the patient s hairy naval . it was then i noticed something ... peculiar to say the least . i leaned in closer . newline he was burnt . it looked as though someone had tried to cauterize the wound . i inhaled and immediately jerked back . i had smelled some nasty things in my life , but i had never had a burn victim smell like ... sulfur , i guess . newline  nurse , have you noticed these burns ?  i asked her , signalling one of the interns to bring me some gloves . the nurse shook her head and looked at the wound . newline newline  no . can we remove it safely ?  she asked , pulling back in much the same manner i did . newline  we re going to have to , to see what it looks like in there .  i said , pulling on the gloves the intern gave me . the nurse started to say something before i grabbed the crucifix and pulled . it slipped out effortlessly , without any resistance at all in fact . i stumbled backwards before looking at my hand . one was clean , the other , soaked in dark red blood and clutching a crimson christ . newline newline i was shocked to say the least . i had expected some effort required , maybe a caught foot . but it felt like the body pushed the thing out on its own . i shook the thought from my head and put the crucifix in another biohazard bag one of the interns was holding out at arm s length . a sharp inhale snapped my neck back towards the patient . newline the nurse had taken a step back from the patient and was pointing a trembling finger at the body on the stretcher . i looked at him . the smell of sulfur hit my nose before my eyes put together what they were seeing . the wound , gaping and mangled , was closing like a hungry maw . smoke , black and putrid , poured from the hole and disappeared into the vents . i held my breath and shouldered an intern away from the cloud . newline newline a moment later , he was laying on the table , with nothing but a fading scar on his stomach . the nurse was saying something , but i was nt paying attention to her . my eyes were on the patient . first , he flexed his fingers . then he jerked up to a sitting position , a pair of icy blue eyes flying open . he looked around for a moment before looking at me . newline newline  am i in the hospital ?  he asked me . his voice sounded like he had spent most of his life smoking , but it had a pleasant sound to it . like the gravel of a grandfather s voice in the middle of a story . newline newline  yep .  is all i managed to mumble out . he nodded his thanks and swung his legs over the side of the stretcher , flashing me as he stood . i looked down . that was nt even fair . newline newline  thanks doc , you ever in my neck of the woods , give me a call okay ?  he said and without another word , he walked his naked ass out of the emergency room and into the cold , winter air . after a moment , i looked back to the nurse . she was sitting in a fetal position in the corner of the room , a little cross on a necklace held before her face as she mumbled her way through a  hail mary  . i turned to the intern , who was still staring out the door the guy had left through . newline newline  he have any i.d. ?  i asked the kid . he looked at me through vacant green eyes for a moment , before running down the hall and returning a moment later with a wallet . i took it . inside was five hundred bucks in assorted bills , three credit cards , and a single condom . i shook it a little and a drivers license slid out of a pocket , followed by a handful silver coloured coins the size of dimes . i looked at it . it read : newline newline stanley lightbringer . newline newline aged 66 . newline newline born april 30th . newline newline i looked back to the doors again , seeing only an empty parking lot beyond . guy looked young for his age . good on him . newlinei slid the key into the slot . turning it as i held my breath . it was one shot or complete failure . a noise floated to my ears , my heart beat intensified . click . sweat now dripping , it was armed . two voices in my head not my own exploded with chatter . nearly flinching at the volume on which they spoke . they stopped as i flicked the ear piece out , i could still feel the cameras all focused on me . newline newline slowly i opened the door , the people watching were in dismay that an  unknown entity  such as myself was leading the charge .  leading the charge  , i found that amusing . all i wanted at the current point in time was not to set off the charge ! boom ! good bye cruel world ! second click . that meant it had nt exploded , i was prepared for it go off now . newline newline i had just opened the key door to the safe . i tried to remember when things were last normal , i could nt . one more door and then i was in . this one was a pressure pad . as far as i was told i had to push it down and open the door . sounds simple but when you have no room for error , or it sets off an explosion , its a little more than simple . newline newline push , click , creak . the door was open . the cameras mad a bit of noise as they tried to zoom in . all that was in there was a button rigged to a modem and a piece of paper . scribbled in two different hand writings  push me do nt push ever she seethed as my father continued to stare at her . my sister and i waited , scared and muted . i could not tell what was going through my sister s mind , but i suspect it was the same as mine : please let this be the end . newline newline it had been 20 long years of daily screaming , slamming of doors , and stomping of feet from the woman who had given birth to us . i almost felt bad for her . she had never had a good family life growing up  she had us so that she could show them  that she could have a perfect family . newline newline but no child is ever perfect , and she could not handle that simple fact . any mistake was met with a slap  across the rear or the face depended on her mood . the screaming was loud enough to leave you deafened for a day . every day was a mix of walking on eggshells , hoping to not disturb the beast , and attempting damage control if you did . too bad apologizing just made her more angry . she thought you were just saying things to shut her up  . newline newline she was nt completely wrong on that . newline newline but today , everything changed . we had had enough . enough of her gameplaying . enough of her expecting us to change everything to please her . hell , she wanted dad to stop eating so much  so that she would not be tempted to eat more so she could lose weight . never mind that he ate normal portions for a man of his height ... newline newline her reaction was predictable . she began to reflect the blame for her actions , accusing all of us of twisting her words , of taking things the wrong way , of hating her and wishing she was dead . she began to throw a tantrum , toddlerstyle . and when we did not back down , she realized she was in trouble . but she could not admit that she was wrong . so she did the only thing she could . newline newline she walked out . newline newline as she opened the door , my dad warned her that she would come back and find us gone . she slammed the door on her way out . newline newline he watched as she stormed down the driveway , waited until she was out of view , and then asked my sister and me to pack our stuff . newline newline he did nt have to ask twice . we already had emergency bags ready to go in case mom went berserk . we grabbed what we needed , hopped in the car , and drove off . we never looked back . newline newline we stayed with dad s family while they worked out the divorce . she got almost everything , but dad did nt care . he knew we would never have to deal with her threats , her gaslighting , her violence , ever again . newline newline we all went to family therapy , just like dad had wanted for so many years . i finished college easily , since i finally had the help for my chronic depression and anxiety . my sister finished high school and got accepted into the fiveyear master s program at her top college with a tennis scholarship , and has been handling the stress very well with the therapy . my dad finally quit his horrible , overnight job and took one that he had been offered before that payed better and allowed him to work normal hours , and his health began to improve . his chest pains and insomnia are a thing of the past . newline newline finally , we got back in touch with his family , who my mother had forced us to separate from . i do not think i have ever seen a happier mother and son than my dad and grandma that day . newline newline last i heard , my mother had lost the few friends she had by trying to slander my dad during the divorce . she has tried to send us pictures of  how well she is doing without us  , but it is just her doing things that we had asked to do before , smiling forcibly at the camera . we do not talk to her , and my sister and i both chose to live with our dad with no visitation with her . newline newline it may sound harsh , but , without her around , we are finally a normal , happy family . all because my dad finally realized what abuse looked like . newline newline please , if you find yourself in a controlling , emotionally manipulative , violent , or otherwise abusive situation , get out . also , if anyone , even a man , opens up to you about abuse from a significant other , listen . newline newline it may change the lives of several people for the better . ladies and gentlemen , we re moments away from making history . after fifteen years of research and another ten of construction , we re ready to start her up for the first time .  dr. mckneel said with an air of pride .  i am humbled that all of you , our honored guests , could share this momentous occasion with us .  newline newline the various dignitaries in the group beamed at the compliment that reinforced their selfimportance . the reporters continued typing on projected keyboards . dr. mckneel resisted the urge to shake his head . the tour group was a small one , but there seemed to be two hovering cameracopters for every man and women in it . the air space above the group was crowded and buzzing . newline newline who could blame them ? the doctor thought himself . this new collider was the most advanced piece of equipment every built by human hands . he could not wait for the experiments to start . newline newline  excuse me doctor ?  a reporter in the back had raised his hand , like he was in the third grade . dr. mckeel almost snorted in derision .  yes ? what is it sir ?  newline newline the reporter stepped forward . he was short , with a holotag that showed the logo for a publication dr. mckneel was nt familiar with . probably one of the rafflespot winners .  doctor , what do you say about the safety of your new sandersdeancollider ? there has been a growing concern that smashing this many warpparticles together could form a strong enough gravitation bond to create a mini black hole .  newline newline dr. mckneel gave a dramatic sigh and let a hint of condensation creep into his voice . warp particles indeed . luddites .  mr ... .  newline newline  welson sir .  newline newline  mr. welson , we ve been researching thorian  dr. mckneel made sure to stress the particles proper name  ... .particles since dr. sanders discovered them at the large hadron collider nearly sixty year ago . more money has been spent on this one particle than on all of science since the greeks first began philosophizing about how the world worked 3000 years ago . as i am sure you well know , the thorian particle holds huge amounts of energy in it s binds . understanding and harnessing that energy is the key to unlock humanities next big leap forward . figuring out how to stabilize and harness these particles will be on par with the industrial revolution or the invention of the microprocessor .  newline newline  yes , but    newline newline  no buts  mr. welson . these same arguments were voiced then the lhc was close to completion i find it ironic that the same arguments that were debunked then are being spat out by pseudoscientific minds now . the international space alliance and the international science community have been vetting out numbers for ten years now . our precautions have been deemed acceptable by the top minds on the planet .  newline newline mr. welson look angry at the pointed verbal barbs dr. mckneel was hurling his way . he opened his mouth for a retort , but was interrupted by a chime sounding over the intercom . newline newline  ah ! it it time . if everyone could step up to the viewing area , the trial run of the sandersdean collider will begin shortly .  dr. mckneel said . newline newline the group eagerly filed forward as the composite shielding lowered to reveal a transparent aluminum pane . the energy pulses had already started . an impressive light show was happening as power arced from one conduit to the other . dr. mckneel frowned . the arcing issues was supposed to have been taken care of . ah well , it would use up more energy than was required , but would nt matter for this test run . newline newline a holo display on the wall showed the energy level rising . ten percent power . fifteen percent power . twenty percent power . the bar climbed and held steady at fifty percent of full power . even only running at halfpower , the onlookers could hear the crackle and while of the awesome energy building up in curved channel . a ten second counter started ticking down on the holo display . newline newline  this is it ladies and gentlemen ! they are about to release the particles into the stream for smashing !  mckneel said . newline newline the group counted down with the timer . their faces were eager .  7 ... ..6 ... ... 5 ... .4 ... .3 ... .2 ... 1 ! !  newline newline for several seconds ... .nothing happened . the exotic particles released began their nearlightspeed trip around the 100 miles ring in opposite directions . it took them several passes before they began colliding . newline newline that s when all hell broke loose . newline newline the shaking started immediately . the guests from california looked around , thinking an earthquake was happening . then the flashing red lights came on and the alarms began screaming . newline newline a toocalm voice spoke over the loudspeaker .  extreme gravitational forces detected . all personal are asked to evacuate the facility . extreme gravitational forces detected . all personal are asked to ... ...  dr. mckneel stared at the loudspeaker in horror . extreme gravitational forces ... ..no ... ..that was impossible ... .they had run all the calculations ... .. newline newline he turned his horrified gaze on the doomed guests .  it did nt work ! our safety precautions did nt work ! get away ! ! hurry ! !  newline newline but it was too late . the microblack hole had stabilized into the collider . matter and light began moving towards it at a steady pace . sir you re arrested for the murder of over twenty five people  the detective sternly informed bob ross . newline  how d you find out ? !  bob questioned sinisterly newline  you re last painting literally said the words i m the one who has been killing everybody , the bodies are buried under my studio located on 9th and 9th   the officer informed him with a passive tone . newline  fuck  chirped a confused and senile bob ross . the officers then carried him off to prison where he was found guilty and charged with over twenty homicides . his last meal before being put to death was cherries , the frosted kind that was discontinued in the early 2000 s .zombies are pretty slow , easy enough to avoid . the plague was fast and devastating especially since it was airborne and migratory birds were the main carriers . after all the chaos of the first few months most of my friends and myself managed to not become infected and change , guess we had a natural immunity . newline newline looting and destroying things quickly lose their appeal , especially since there was nt anyone to enforce the rules . was it even breaking the law at this point ? not important ! newline newline working help desk at a major bank was rather quiet , browsing the internet and watching youtube videos , all of which were cached so nothing was updated . usually the phone would ring nonstop with irate customers . usually they would complain about their account being locked out and how i was intentionally keeping them from doing their job . today though was a quiet friday save for ben prank calling my line . naturally i humored him and went along with the scenario . turns out he needed to put coffee grounds into the coffee machine before brewing , common mistake . the boss was in his office banging on the thick glass staring at me . i chuckle thinking of the reprimand i would surely get if were to escape his office . wonder what he was even doing here 2 years ago to be stuck in his office . i look to the bottom left of my computer  4:54 p.m.  i fill in my time sheet and email my boss my daily action report . i get an automated email back stating  the recipient you are trying to contacts mailbox is full and your email could nt be delivered . please contact your system administrator .  that is nt my problem ! newline newline i walk out to my car making sure to avoid the population . ended up clumsily dropping my keys , as i go to pick them up some one clumsily fell onto me . taken aback i exclaimed  open your eyes and watch where your going !  naturally they continued in my direction . geez people these days always about themselves zero consideration for other . determined to not let this spoil my friday i keep in mind that ben , tasha , sam and i meet every friday at the bar to unwind and retell out horror stories from our 9 to 5s . newline newline traffic is nt anything out of the ordinary , people crossing when they clearly do nt have the right of way . i arrive at the bar and see that every one has already made it before me . this was typical since i worked a bit further away from our watering hole than all of them . it was most easy for tasha since the bar was conveniently where she worked . we all have a few beers and make a ruckus . this draws the attention of the local population and they press against the windows to see what all the commotion is about . seeing that it is getting late we all decide to call it a night and pay our tabs . leaving the bar i notice someone decided that my car was a perfectly acceptable place to take a siesta . i go up to them and nudge them providing the information that this particular place is not a bed contrary to what they think . the lady lurched towards me in anger snarling and biting . i move out of the way as she tumbled to the ground . guess some people really ca nt handle themselves . newline newline the drive home was uneventful , as it usually is on a friday night . i walk up my steps and put my key into the door . i hear excited rustling on the other side and light grunting noise . i swing open the door and exclaim  hey dexter !  i immediately get attacked with sloppy kisses from my german shepard .  oh looks like you got into the trash again !  sigh , i will clean that up later .  well boy are you ready for your walk ?   excited barking and tail wag  i grab his leash and hook it onto the collar . i take him to his favorite park which is just a few blocks away . the eaves turning vibrant shades of fiery red , golden yellow , and rusty orange . autumn has always been my favorite season , perfect coffee weather . dexter is a pretty friendly dog but he has an issue with personal space . he has no coral jumping up on you to say hello . per the usual i was apologizing to many people as he knocked them down . they angrily pursued us , so dexter and i just picked up the pace a little . newline newline once home i realized that i ran out of dog food .  ugh so clumsy  i said out loud , it was 9:30ish and the pet store closes at 10:30 . i quickly jump back into my car and speed to the pet store the speed limit is 35 but i was doing around 50mph . all of a sudden my car was illuminated with red and blue flashing .  damn it , of course i would get pulled over .  i thought sam did nt work this late , then it occured to me that this week was her late shift . i pull over and she walks up to the car and asks for license and registration . i surrender my documents , she asks  do you know why i pulled you over ?  i try to play dumb and say  umm no officer is a tail light out ?  she responds with  you were doing well over 20 miles of the posted speed limit .  newline newline a large crowd is attracted to the lights and she exclaims for them to get back and to not interfere with police business . she unholsters her firearm as the horde approaches repeats for them to get back and fires her m9 beretta . 7 loud shots later and the 7 assailants were dispatched .  damn it , more i have to write in my nightly report .  she comes back with my documents and apologizes for the inconvenience . she writes me a warning and tells me to slow down . as she walks away i look at the  warning   dinner at my place tuesday at 7 ?  along with her place of residence . hmmm looks like this friday was better than expected ! john !  newline newline  sir !  newline newline the dictator strode by , gesturing for me follow . knowing that delaying was nt an option , i shot upwards , grabbing my notepad and knocking over my chair in the process . i hurried after the great leader , flipping to a blank page as i ran . newline newline   john !   newline newline a few meters behind him , still trying to find a blank page , i managed a breathless response . newline newline damn noteboo there we go .   here sir .  newline newline  prepare a press release for the public .  newline newline great .   sir ?  newline newline  our latest plans have been set in motion , and the people deserve to know what their leaders are up to .  newline newline he abruptly stopped and whirled around , fixating on my pencil and notebook .  ready ?  newline newline what s the worst that could happen ?   yes sir .  newline newline gesturing wildly , as if imagining himself giving a grand speech , he outlined his press release  . newline newline  first ! we have found the last rebel base !  newline newline that s good  do nt have to change that one .   yes sir .  newline newline  but there was no one there . no matter ! the unruly citizens of that city will pay the price !  newline newline rebels crushed , base annihilated and traitors executed  , i wrote . no one liked to read about innocent people dying . newline newline  second ! our new weapon is complete ! we can now reassign the gdp from weapons to agriculture !  newline newline counting blessings , i guess .  drought over , great harvests expected due to great leader s science advances  , i wrote . newline newline  got all that ?  newline newline  yes sir . is tha  newline newline  third !  newline newline sigh ...  newline newline  tomorrow is my son s birthday !  newline newline wonderful just what we need . another great brat .  national holiday declared  , i wrote . newline newline  anything else , sir ?  i m finally alone .  newline newline  oh really , james ?  newline newline  we re always here , james .  newline newline  no , i m alone i tell you .  newline newline  you re not .  newline newline  not alone , never alone .  newline newline  alone with us , james .  newline newline  get out of here . go screw with someone else .  newline newline  but we like you , james . we like you a lot .  newline newline  then why do you do this to me ?  newline newline  because we re friends , james . are nt we ?  newline newline  yes we are .  newline newline  no , we re not ! get the hell out of my head .  newline newline  no .  newline newline  i said go away , get away . i m tired of you all .  newline newline  you can never get rid of us .  newline newline  never ever , james .  newline newline  please ... please , go away . all i want is to be left alone .  newline newline  but you are alone , james .  newline newline  yeah james . alone with us .  newline newline  alone with your thoughts .  newline newline  alone with your nightmares .  newline newline  ... please ...  newline newline  always alone .  newline newline  forever and always .  newline newline  eternity alone , james .  newline newline  eternity . does nt that sound like fun ?  newline newline  ...  newline newline  james .  newline newline  ... no ...  newline newline  you can not escape , james .  newline newline  ... kill me , please . just ...  newline newline  even death will give you no rest , james .  newline newline  you re ours forever , james .  newline newline  forever and for always , james .  newline newline  eternity , james . george turns over to our large tv , a very fake smile on his face . newline newline  we re just having a grate time , are nt we ?  he exclaims in a loud , overlyenthusiastic voice , while rubbing a block of mozzarella cheese against a cheese grate . newline newline you begin to do the fake laugh , but are interrupted by.. a real one ? newline newline there s no one else in the room . newline newline george is still staring at the.. camera ? what ? the tv was just ... . newline newline suddenly a young man struts into the room , with a maroon fleece pullover and baggy jeans . he brushes over his brown hair and claps his hands . newline newline  nice job everybody . especially you , jeffrey , that was a great pun ! real punny !  newline newline you re still confused . the rest of the rooms lights up , revealing camera men , lights , microphones , all of the properties used to make a movie or tv show . newline newline the strange man and george.. or.. jeffrey.. chuckle a bit until the man turns over to you . newline newline  we need to talk.. meet me in my office in five ,  he emphasizes , holding up 5 long fingers . newline newline he walks away into the darkness . newline newline      4 minutes later      newline newline you gently open the door to find the man shuffling through papers . he does nt seem to notice you . newline newline  achem !  newline newline the man jerks his head up with a look of fear , which quickly turns to relief . newline newline  oh , it s you , gerald . you silly bastard !  newline newline gerald ? you re not gerald.. newline newline  umm , my name s jama  newline newline you re quickly cut off by the man waving his hand .  no , you re gerald . you always were the funny one ,  he says . newline newline  but.. i have noticed you re screwin  up lately , mate . like that time when you opened up the soda and the fluid came flooding out !  newline newline he flips through stack of papers , stapled together . newline newline  tha  was nt in the script , mate ,  he stated . he donned a look of sadness in his face .  sorry , mate.. but i got ta let ya go..  newline newline he shooed you away , and guards seized your arms , dragging you away to a large wooden door . newline newline it opened slowly , revealing.. newline newline nothing . newline newline only a black , endless void . newline newline and the guards tossed you out , without looking back . newline mr president sir , your going to want to take this .  newline newline  ... sorry mr speaker , can we catch up later this morning ?  newline newline  sure mr president .  newline newline the potus takes the brilliant white satellite handset from his chief aide andrew , who waits politely by the desk to further brief the president when the call had finished . newline newline  good afternoon mr president , i am dr graham bjorn , head of extra solar activity observations at nasa . i am afraid i have some rather bad news .  newline newline  go on , well..at least its not aliens this time . that cat is already out of the bag..  newline newline  no sir . its far worse .  newline newline  you have my attention .  newline newline  this is going to sound ridiculous and you probably arent going to believe me , so ill just go ahead and say it . another universe has crashed into ours , and is ripping it apart .  newline newline  another ... universe ?  newline newline  yes sir . a neighbouring parallel universe has come into contact with ours and has ruptured the divide . the thing is , this could of been happening for billions of years and we would have had no warning until the collision reached our galactic neighbourhood .  newline newline  so ... what , will it hit us or something ?  newline newline  chances are ... no , nothing will hit us . but thats not the point . the laws of physics we understand here..in our universe , could all change . the fundamental building blocks of life could unravel sir . its a nightmare scenario , which i am sorry to say is very real .  newline newline  jeesus .  newline newline  if this is god s work sir , i think he is mightily displeased .  newline newline  ..how ... how long do we have  newline newline  a few months..at best . the shockwave from the impact is travelling at the speed of light , there is no way to stop it . we have no idea what the conditions will be like when our space in the universe interacts with the invading universe . it could be fine , it could be the end of everything . the thing is , it might not completely envelope our area , it appears the expansion into our universe is not total , and there are large patches of space that appear unnaffected , with filaments of the new universe running through it .  newline newline  a ray of light , doctor . what can we do ?  newline newline  that i leave up to you mr president . the world is currently embroiled in the chaos from first contact , so it would be adding fuel to the flames if news of this got out ...  nah , i do nt think we need another justin bieber . another beyonce . that s where the world is in 2030 .  i say , making some adjustments to my picks on my tablet . newline newline  but the cash from the preteens . are we forgetting about that ? what about a boy band ?  offers howard , showing me a projection of what we could earn in the future on his invisiscreen . newline newline  alright . a boy band . bring it back to backstreet boys . we want maketable good boys with catchy lyrics and easytomimic dance moves .  i answer , showing him a quick clip of  backstreet s back  to refresh his memory . newline newline  sounds good . i just hate watching that shit on your outdated appliance . you re so 2012 with that thing .  howard shoots at me , playfully . newline newline  ah , whatever . i like the feel of something to hold .  i admit . newline newline howard sighs and looks uneasy .  now , um ... now for the notsopleasant fuckery . who are we going to push to replace whoever replaces obama ?  newline newline jeremy chimes in now .  how about han 32 ?  newline newline  the clone ? they re not ready for future advanceddevelopment clones yet . we have nt figured out what to do with the original yet . he s barely 3 . depending on where his parents situate him , they could put the pieces together .  i answer . newline newline  they re in fucking china . no one s gon na know . there are billions of peopl on this planet . plus , we get points for the first chinese president . it s fucking brilliant . i ll allow it .  says howard , having the final say . newline newline  this muslim terrorism is getting really old . it needs to escalate or we need to bring in some new extremists . what do you think ?  kiara adds . newline newline  definitely the christians . people have forgotten about the crusade . we need to bring it back in a big way .  howard excitedly answers . newline newline  i think that s enough big issues for the 2020s2030s . let s move to the 2040s . plague , anyone ?  i say with a smile . newline newline edit : clarification fuck ,  he said as he looked at himself in the bathroom mirror . archie looked at a the bags under his eyes , and the frown marks in his face were even more evident . he leaned in closed and ran a hand through his thinning grey hair and gave a deep sigh of defeat . he turned to the side and sucked in his gut . newline newline  there s no way you re gon na fit into a leotard , archie ,  said his wife from the bedroom . newline newline  shuuudap , edith , will ya ?  he said rolling his eyes at her comment .  nobody said notin bout hopping in a leotard like some little ballerina pansy , tip toeing through the tulips .  newline newline  let me tell you something , i m gon na clean up this neighborhood , edith if its the last thing i do !  newline newline  oh thats good , archie  said edith as she thumbed through a reader s digest . newline newline  i just got ta get ova this fear of heights thing and i ll be flying all around da world saving pretty ladies and kissing babies and all dat  newline newline  well , archie , you know you could just walk . the reader s digest says that walkin  is good for ya  edith said . archie shot her a look that went from pure confusion and rolled his eyes at her glibness . newline newline  aint that something , the reader s digest can always add a little joy to ya shortcomings .  he said sarcasticly . edith smiled and nodded stuck in her cloud of stupidity . archie looked at the glass of water on the nightstand . newline newline  watch this , edith .  newline newline his eyes flared a deep crimson as he concentrated . the bubbles formed in the glass and sprung up to the top . he was distracted from a sound that came from the other side of the room . newline newline  edith , you ca nt be fartin  while over here tryin  to do my heat vision thing. !  newline newline  i m sorry , archie . but , just watching those bubbles , made me gassy .  newline newline archie grunted .  screw this . i m going to patrol the neighborhood and see if this dogooder can stop some dowrongers .  he was proud of that line at the moment , but by the time he put on his button up shirt and made his way downstairs , the horrible joke made his mouth taste like deeply polished shoe leather . he grabbed his london fog jacket and walked out the door . newline newline aaah fuck it  authori was numb . numb with uncertainty of the future , disbelief . dread ? no more gusty , cold nights out in the back alleys of that bustling , dreary city i supposed  but quite possibly yes . yes , that s the summarization of my inner turmoil . dread . to be honest , that polluted piece of scrap metal dystopia would feel like a cozy couch in an apartment right now . i believe it is safe to say that the entirety of chinese society expected the announcement of a solution for overpopulation to be an immoral one . it is not as if the moral state of society was making any headway  as a man under the thumb of the government system , squashed into the cracks of the sidewalks of macau , take my word for it . it was always bad , but these past few years ? might as well eradicate tngqng from the chinese language . the man and i were good ol  pals , you know . the man who says ,  why , you ve worked so hard for this paycheck ! quite the accomplishment , really . despite this , you do realize it is for the best of society that a quarter of it is to be used to better the people ? therefor , i shall confiscate it . good day to you , slah.. ah hah , citizen .  newline poverty too . he keeps my beard long and unkempt and mud caked on my shoes when i m lucky enough to have a pair . i wonder at times like these why humanity continually scrubs at the floor of the state while fully aware of the dishonesty and unjust use of their hardearned money by their masters ... while within the confines of their palacefacaded prison scrubs laboriously an army , anger buzzing under their skin , a need for power and rebellion , ready to break out into the horrendous rash of civil war ... if only they rose up against their master . newline newline the cold , rude hand of a man in uniform jars me out of my thoughts . the impact on my back forces me into a stumble , wet mud sliding underneath me . rainlaced and biting , whipping air rushes past my face as i hit the ground . of course i am furious . hardworking men of my kind are being pushed and shoved underground like animals to make room for greedy , coated people like these officers , and they ca nt give a guy a break . i do nt want to live like some lesser kind of human being , scared and cold and hungry in an underground mud flat . they treat me like an animal ? i ll give them an animal . newline newline newline shit , did nt mean to push the old guy that hard ... this line is nt moving fast enough . i need to get home to my family ! am i a father that keeps his word or a father that misses his sons third birthday ? i hope li jun hasnt thud  newline  son of a..  newline a cold , rude hand jars me out of my thoughts as it hits my jaw in the form of a fist . a frail , calloused fist . newline dammit , i do nt need this right now !  newline the line of downturned , rain slicked faces has slowed somewhat , and they look on in disbelief at such an open display of insurrection . the dark , grey forms of the skyscrapers of the city over the crest of the hill look on in an arbitrarily judging manner . i watched as smog joined forces with the acrid wind , swirling ominously among the buildings . their ruler has made his decree to his servants , his pets . his little green army soldiers . his inhumane , unethical line drawn in the sand between beings that hold significance and those who are unfortunate enough to not in the eyes of a pompous little fat man in a palacefacaded prison that is . but do not forget to mention that his little green army soldiers are to stand guard by that line . i watched that line begin to move down into those slimy concrete tunnels again , all hope that had sparked in those sad little eyes draining with the sharply barked command of a fellow officer . just like that . just like that , the man squashes all hope again . the hope of men on both side of the line . see , i m not really sure which one leeches the life out of you the most . being under the thumb , or being the one to aid the thumb in squashing . as that fist found it s mark , as that line shot me looks of judgmental hate , as that hope disappeared as quickly as it had came , i firmly reached an opinion . suddenly , i hated those poor people . hated them with a passion . i envied them their little revolts , fighting on the side of good . how dare they point the finger of god at me , like i m the rulers lap dog . like we have any choice at all to disobey our master . like we are nt humans like they are . newline damn them . damn them all . newline the old man did nt squawk or peep or yelp when that bludgeon connected with his temple . i ll respect him for that . shit , he s my only friend here . he held my last bit of hope in that angry fist too .all i could muster up to say at the time was ,  woah .  newline newline  you ve been out for about an hour now . you had me worried .  newline newline  where are we ? what ... what are we ?  i began to panic as i rushed to the door . newline newline  you should sit down . i ve never seen anybody react this way to earth weed before .  newline newline  earth weed ? did you just say that i was on earth weed ? no , i ve smoked earth weed , hell , i ve even turned earth weed  into fucking lollipops and gave them out on halloween . that was not earth weed .  newline newline  it affects you differently when you re down there . i tried telling you that before your consciousness was transferred .  newline newline suddenly , it felt like a waterfall of memories had just crashed on my head , filling it like a water balloon about to pop .  i remember now .  newline newline  how do you feel ?  newline newline  better . living on our planet is shit , but living as an organism on that planet was actual hell .  newline newline  i could nt agree more . want another hit ?  newline newline  ha , no thanks , i think i ll face my space cancer like a man now .  newline newline a few weeks went by , until i found myself in a hospital bed surrounded by friends and family .  i guess this is it .  i said as i took my last breath . newline newline my friend grabbed my hand and said ,  we ll never forget you , roy .  newline newline ... ... ... ... ... ... ..  final score ... . 65000 points  ... ... ... ... ... newline newline  geez morty , how many flurbos are you going to waste on that game ? you ll never beat my high score .  newline newline newline well , about time you showed up .  newline newline a man with gray hair , but a youthful face stared up at me from the table . he was trying to seem angry , but could nt hide his smile . we re each other s only friends yet i did nt know his name . he only asked that i call him  the immortal .  of course , that was much too long , so i call him tim for short . newline newline  how long has it been for you since our last lunch ?  i ask him , not even bothering with an apology . he knows i ca nt control it . newline newline  three hundred years , lucas ,  tim replies , having the answer on hand . it is always the first question i ask him , a tradition .  but for you it has only been a day , correct ?  newline newline  yes ,  i answer . there is always some guilt when i meet him , knowing he has waited decades , or more often , centuries for a lunch with me . you see , tim and i make an unusual pair . he is immortal , nothing in this universe can kill him , and i have the power of being able to travel through time . well , calling it my power is sort of wrong , since i ca nt control it . time just throws me wherever it sees fit . i ll go to sleep in the year 1672 , and wake up in 2429 . both of those were pretty interesting years in case you were wondering . newline newline  what year did you come from this time around ?  tim asks me . newline newline  1968 ,  i say . newline newline  so your last conversation with me was nt my last one with you ,  tim says with a sigh . he hates that he can never continue a conversation the next day with me , since i m always jumping around the timeline . at the same time , it keeps our friendship fresh , forcing us to come up with new things to talk about each time . newline newline  what year is it now ?  i ask . newline newline  2692 .  newline newline the furthest forward i ve ever been . for some reason the timeline only transports me to period where human civilization still exists . i m still waiting for the day i reach the limit , the point where i can go no further , because there is nothing to go into . newline newline  i m surprised it still looks so nice , by the way things had been looking back in the 2300 s , i figured the forest would be gone by now .  we always meet at the same place , the nisiyama onsen keiunkan , a hotel in japan , and the oldest business in the world , in operation since 705 . newline newline tim laughed at this , i still ca nt tell if he find me funny , or ignorant , but i never ponder it for too long .  humanity has learned a lot . the species is growing up , becoming more responsible .  newline newline  yeah ,  i say ,  colonizing space has probably helped to .  newline newline it gets tiresome spending everyday with tim . but i do it , maybe because it was destiny we found each other , two prisoners of time trying to make the best of their sentences . finding solace in someone else who understand what a curse this is . tim , a man who has seen everything of the past , the constant always waiting for me in whatever period i land . and me , tim s surprise , most of the time i m not waiting for him . there are so many years in time , and only one i can visit each day , so while he is always here for me , i m not always here for him . newline newline and yet he keeps coming back for me . everyday he shows up , and waits for me . sometimes every day for centuries , sometimes every day for only a few weeks . i tolerate spending almost every waking moment with him , and tolerates waiting eons for me , because i am all he has , and he is all i have . newline newline and so we eat , and talk about our lives . mostly him telling me about what he has done , since he has been there for almost every minute of my life for the past twenty years . newline newline the day passes too quickly , soon the sun is setting and my eyes grow tired . tim can see this . newline newline  it is okay lucas , you can go . it may be a while , but i know one day you ll be here .  i nod , and head off into the forest . there is a cave out there where i sleep , the only other constant in the timeline . newline newline we do nt talk about it , but tim knows it . there will be one day where i will fall asleep and never wake up again , even as i travel through time i still age . tim first met me when i was fifteen , and now i m thirtyfive . there is still a lot of time left , but each day makes it shorter . newline newline i try to imagine it , the pain of someone who has watched everyone he has ever loved die . there is no way for him to share his immortality , and so he must accept it . even me , the closest thing he has to a friend , will die eventually . the spread out visits will stop , and he will once again be alone in the world . newline newline my body gives way to the pressure of sleep , and the world around me dissolves into darkness as my eyes shut . he ll be waiting for me in the same spot when i wake up , i just hope i do nt hold him up for too long . newlinealmost a decade ago humanity abandoned this place . like a plague , we stripped this planet of all that we could before moving on to another host . no doubt mars and europa would succumb and then we would descend upon another star and unleash ourselves upon the rest of the universe . there was talk of wormholes and reality bubbles and jumping into a parallel universe where we might find fertile ground again . newline newline newline for a handful of us , this was too much . even the worst plagues were bound by natural laws . predator and prey cycles maintained the balance . disease would kill the vulnerable and leave the strong . there was always a limit on how far life would be allowed to push before nature pushed back . we had , some of us believed , broken the rules . when the prospect of infinite life was offered to us , a handful refused , and when humanity elected to leave this planet , that handful decided to stay . newline newline newline most of them were not prepared for what came next . there were grandiose ideas and societies that bubbled up across the globe . the new edens , the gulches , the utopias , all still clinging to the idea that nature would provide for her children . so naive they were . one by one they popped . man had adapted to the world it created , building constantly over the generation before it until the world we were suited to neither resembled the world we had risen from nor the world it was quickly reverting to . newline newline newline it was overwhelming . without the manpower to maintain the powerplants and refineries , thousands died in the first winter . without the universities and companies doing research , new diseases went untreated and deaths went unexplained . we could not even trust the water we drank to be clean . without the overwhelming strength of humanity , nature clawed us back into its den . nature was not kind . nature was a mother in so far as a mother frog will devour her young if food is scarce  and the planet was starving . newline newline newline only a few years had passed before there were only four of us left . perhaps there were more hidden elsewhere , but not likely . we were hairless , clawless , fangless . in our haste to build the newest electronics , we had forgotten how to fashion even the most basic tools.when even the four of us decided to give in , there were not even the bullets left to make the death instant and painless . one leaped from a mountain face . i have heard that the brain will shut off during this , i have not heard anyone say otherwise . another wandered out of our hovel in a blizzard and was not seen again . the third asked for my help , and i lead that one to poisons that would gently court death . newline newline newline i had thought of joining the third one . when the planet birthed humanity , we were far from the top of the food chain , a primitive shadow of the species we would become . with luck a true predator might leave scraps behind , or a thorny bush might bear hard and bitter berries that might sustain us a few steps further . the first men lived cold , hungry , and afraid . it is only natural that the last man should die as such .... years have passed , i ve learned to appreciate my luck , and think i have , too , found the way to love anyone , and for they not to be punished by my curse . newline newline i have experienced the desperation of the bad luck myself . i was born like this . my parents were always there , hardworking to provide me the things that i did nt easily get from the universe  but while growing , evidence of their resentment and disturbance towards each other came floating , as they grew apart and bitter . newline newline as a teen it was great also . great at all sports , mainly soccer . played only one season and won the trophy as player with most goals in the competition , but the team got relegated and lost the sponsors that maintained us in the league . newline newline while growing as a person and forgetting the hatred i had for my wonderful life , i started to pay attention to the kinds of love that i had emitted , but not ever recieved . newline newline there s where i woke . newline newline i was born to live for myself . i now do things that only make me happy . if after a while it gets lonely to earn one ticket prizes to bali or paris , i remember that i must love everyone . and here is when it gets tricky . newline newline love is not something that you send or recieve . love is not kissing , hugging , helping . love is understanding . and i now understand that i express my love by not interacting with those i care about . newline newline it is the life that i have the luck to live . hi sweetie , how are you ? its been so long , oh you look so beautiful !  newline  mom , mom listen ! heaven have set new rules with these things , okay ? . they dont do tour around hell anymore , so when my group had our open house tours , tommy  newline  i know sweetheart , i asked him to bring you to me here . he ask me for a return favor which now seems like not worth it  newline  what is it ?  newline  forget it , we dont have time to worry bout the dead . how s norah ? newline  she is doing very well . she just got accepted to princeton .  newline  that s wonderful ! oh i wish i could see her now , to give her a hug and kisses .  newline  uh mom , why ca nt tommy find us somewhere more convenient rather than this ? i can only see your face and i ca nt even reach you .  newline  they boost the security for borders sweetie , you see now that heaven s finally filled with humans who constantly breaks the rule , they started to change their ways .  newline  i sure hope they can change and justify your kind of sin .  newline  god must know that time is changing , justice is different now and then .  newline  hope is dangerous sweetie .  newline  look what hope has done to me .  newline  i always hoped that i could have a loving , functional family .  newline  i also hoped that one day he is going to change to better , or if he could regain any kind of sanity he had , or if he could realize that everytime he calls me a whore and hit me it kills me everyday , or if he realize that is was his own daughter he molested  newline  or if he would nt dare to point a loaded gun to my daughter s face  newline  mom ...  newline  i hoped i survived the shot so i could always protect my babies  newline  i hoped when i killed him , i would nt have to meet him ever again .  newline  i love you mom  newline  sweetie you have to go back now , someone saw me here .  newline  what ? no , we barely have 5 minutes together !  newline  goodbye sweetheart , i will see you again . i imagine there was a plentiful amount of panic , sorrow , and regret going around in those last few minutes . i imagine sobbing parents made an effort to rise above the chaos and hugged their children against their chests , whispering meaningless words of comfort meant only for the ears of that one fragile life . i imagine the lone travelers looked to find solace in grabbing someone else s hand , anyone would do . i imagine the pilot , a sad man with selfconfidence issues , felt within him a sudden , urgent , unstoppable burst of confidence and issued a moving message across the intercom , touching all who listened to the point of alchemizing bitterness to hesitant smiles in those who cared to listen . i m sure all of it was beautiful , in it s own twisted way . everything else i can only imagine , as my ever timely bowel movements decided i should spend my last moments ... otherwise preoccupied .i reported the incidence yesterday to my superiors . during my evening hike , i had seen a mouse pointer delete an entire forest , even the ground on which the cedars and pines had stood had disappeared too , leaving a gaping hole that reached the centre of the earth . i had nt been the only one to witness this , the area was popular for hikes and picnics and parties , but i d been the only nasa employee , the only astronaut around , and i was the one who could immediately inform the people with the power to launch a rocket into space and destroy the mouse pointer . newline newline why would we need to launch a rocket into space to destroy the mouse pointer ? because from the moment i saw the phenomenon of an entire forest disappearing into oblivion , i knew the thing had escaped from area 51 and that it would launch itself into space . it would then right click and delete the earth , in the blink of an eye . i foresaw all this as i stood panting from my hike , screaming people around me , and , without wasting time , i d informed my superiors of my theories . next thing i knew , i was on a mission to space with three others , strapped up securely in a seat , ready to destroy the pointer to a million pieces . the whole world was watching . newline newline from the launch site , if you looked eastwards , you could see a large thick cloud of smoke , grey and toxic like a poisonous mushroom . lava had begun to flow from the gaping hole where the forest had once been . i felt invigorated and heroic as the rocket blasted off upwards  we were doing this for the people of earth . newline newline the pointer was no bigger than a car , but that did nt make its dreams of eradicating our entire existence any smaller . to test the waters , it had already deleted the moon and we were certain it very much intended to move onto bigger prey like our earth . we could see it from inside our rocket , triangular and menacing , but it was moving away from us rapidly , and we followed it , trying to get a good aim , but we could nt keep up and soon it was swallowed up by space . we thought it was maybe malfunctioning , there was an expert on area 51 stuff on board with us who uncertainly explained its behavior , and we were just about to call the mission off when it hit me . newline newline  the sun !  i breathed .  it s headed for the sun !  newline newline everyone started chattering at once , and then someone said we would nt be able to catch it in time , unless ... newline newline  unless what ?  we all said . newline newline  well ...  tyrique , a balding astrophysicist looked sheepishly at his hands .  unless we bring out the big one .  newline newline  you mean that one ?  i said amazed .  the one that travels at the speed of light . i thought it was nt going to be ready for another 20 years .  newline newline  it s ready , alright ,  tyrique said .  we re just not confident enough to use it yet . i mean this is the fucking speed of light we re talking about . so many things could happen , good or bad .  newline newline there was a heavy silence for a minute and then i said ,  well , we re going to have to take our chances . for the people of earth . if the sun goes out , we re all gon na freeze to death anyway .  newline newline we all exchanged looks , nodded with grim agreement , and then hannah turned the rocket around back towards earth . we were going to try our best to stop the monster before it switched off the lights and gained an advantage over us in the impenetrable darkness . newline newline newline newline newline newlinechampagne was flowing , voices were chattering , people were reveling . i was talking to sally , one of robert  s coworkers . everything was happy  everything was how it was supposed to be . newline newline  where on earth is robert ?  sally asked , looking around . i followed her gaze , realizing i hadn  t seen my husband in a while . newline newline  oh , probably passed out somewhere from too much whiskey ,  i replied , laughing .  i  ll go sort him out.  newline newline i walked around the lavish apartment we were at for the party , looking in every room for him . running out of places , i turned to the laundry room door on a whim . i slowly opened it and froze . my husband was up against the washing machine , passionately kissing another man . a man i knew quite intimately . newline newline  robert ?  i breathed .  james ?  newline newline they broke apart and looked around at me . the look on their faces could only be described as utter shock . i didn  t know who to be more disgusted with  my husband , my lover , or myself . i let go of the doorknob and backed away , then ran for the door . people were staring , but i didn  t care . i made it out to street level before the tears started . newline newline newline newline  newline newline newline newline  i don  t know how to explain.  newline newline my husband sat across from me at our apartment with a look of shame . james sat to the side , not looking at either of us . newline newline  there  s nothing for you to explain right now ,  i replied . i turned my gaze to james .  what i want to know is how you tricked both of us.  newline newline his head jerked up and his eyes met mine briefly before returning to the floor . my husband  s face turned to confusion . newline newline  wait  you know him ?  newline newline  i don  t just know him , robert . i  m fucking him . oh don  t look indignant , it  s not like you  re any better than i am . it  s about time we all came clean.  newline newline james cleared his throat .  i guess i should apologize to both of you . but in my defense , it  s not like i had much of a choice.  newline newline  excuse me ?  i retorted .  what , you were forced into bed ? you tripped and fell ? what excuse is it ?  newline newline  i fell in love with both of you ,  james announced loudly .  i never wanted to hurt either one of you  i just didn  t think you would understand.  newline newline  and how long was it going to go on ? how long did you think you could keep it up ?  i said , my voice getting steadily louder . newline newline james looked at me with pleading eyes .  em , please understand . you know how amazing both of you are  did you really think someone else wasn  t capable of falling in love with you ?  newline newline i leaned back on the couch , contemplating