 thus far in her short life ,  mommy , now that the ice is gone , how will you get my drink cold again ?  newline newline  newline so not technically a glacier but i thought i d write it anyway . hope you do nt mind !delilah montgomery buried her face behind the enormous book she had yanked at random from the shelf behind her library study table  the fascinating world of toads  and felt a tingling blush rising in her cheeks . he was walking her way . samson hastings . newline newline samson had moved to filistia over the summer , and was already pretty much the most popular guy in the whole school . with his epicly long hair and superchiseled physique , he looked like something off one of delilah  s mom  s romance novel covers . plus , the rumor was he made captain of the football team without even trying out . something about uprooting a goalpost . newline newline  hey ,  samson said quietly . delilah peered up at him from behind her book . newline newline  oh ,  she said in mock surprise .  hey.  newline newline delilah was nt exactly a pariah either . she was the captain of a little thing called the west filistia competitive dance team , and had been elected prom queen three years in a row  plus she did nt even go to prom last year because freaking katie raphah had gotten herself on the decorating committee and decided the theme would be roller derby night , and pretty much everyone thought katie was gay anyhow so all the popular kids went to east fil  s prom  . ugh . newline newline  so , uh ,  samson was saying , threading a lock of hair behind his ear ,  you like toads ?  newline newline delilah glanced down at the book she  d been  reading  , then back up again . newline newline  oh yeah , totally ,  she said .  like , probably almost all of them.  newline newline what the hell was she saying ? get it together , she thought . you are delilaheffingmontgomery . newline newline  cool ,  samson said .  hey anyway i saw you after practice the other day , and uh , i just wanted to say you looked super hot in that , like , dance outfit.  newline newline holy crap . keep it together , del . stay cool .  newline newline  oh that ?  delilah laughed .  we were just messing around.  newline newline  well it looked hot ,  samson said , looking sort of confused , like maybe his message wasn  t getting through . newline newline  well thanks ,  delilah said with a practiced lipbite . she fiddled with her pen for a second , mulling something over , then tore out a corner of the fascinating world of toads , page 37  parotoid glands  , and started scribbling in big , bubbly letters . newline newline okay so this would be a good time to explain something . remember that prom delilah went to at east filistia ? well , the thing is , she kind of went with saph laurentis , who is the captain of east fil  s football team this year . and also , they  re still dating . like , she s seeing him after school today . and also also : the two schools are kind of playing each other in two freaking days . so back to del giving samson her number : newline newline  text me sometime ,  she was saying .  maybe you can come watch the dance team this friday . we  re doing like this big pep rally before the east fil game.  newline newline  totally ,  samson said , tucking the note into his varsity jacket .  see ya , delilah .  he turned and walked back out of the library , and del hid behind her book again , trying not to laugh hysterically . it was all coming together so perfectly  the  accidental  encounter in her skimpiest dance outfit , the pep rally , the football game this friday ... newline newline  yea so sammy took the bait ,  delilah texted saph under the library table .  how much do u love me ? ?  newline newline  ur the best babe ,  saph replied . newline newline oh yes . the long reign of west filistia football was about to come crashing down ...newline newline newline newline newline when mary became god she left her husband and moved in with frank . when frank became god he stopped paying for internet and stole it from coffee shops . when mary moved in frank told her they did nt have to have sexbut he would really like it if they did . she liked it too , so they did . they did this in frank s room , and there was a picture of mary and him back in high school about to go on a roller coaster and there was dust on the frame . newline newline mary s husband , now knowing he was god , decided to take it upon himself to get rid of god . he dove into the dark river and before that drank up a bottle of coughsyrup and codeine . newline newline mary  s childrennow children of gods and gods themselvestook it upon themselves to follow mary , to demand quarter in frank s house , to which frank agreed . they ate cereal of their liking , being gods , but frank and marynot older gods , but older humansgave advice that if they wanted to reign longer , perhaps they should ingest more fiber instead of sugar . everyone agreed to this . newline newline mary took more baths because they were far more relaxing than showers . frank watched mary take baths because it was far more relaxing then staring out the window at the hopping birds . the children took showers because it was quicker , and this gave them more time to watch their cartoons and play their video games . newline newline these gods , they were the first gods in town . mary , frank , the children , the dead god in the river , and the other former god . they had airs of flowers when they walked , of blooming something like imperceptible light , like fuzzy dandelion seeds barely floating . the whispering began . the people of the town began to worship these new gods , not in genuflection , but in daily thought .  those gods have something ... these people breathe as though the air might run out . but not out of despair , or is it despair ?  they would go home and each talk of this new apartment full of gods with their blooming , what did they have ? newline newline mary quit her job as a real estate agent and began a job folding clothes at the used clothing store . she folded them impeccably , in beautiful geometry . she stopped wearing makeup because she didn  t want to . but then sometimes she did want makeup , and then she did . and frank liked it , and willed this to be true , and because mary willed it that he liked it , she loved him in a way . all was good . mary smiled when going to work . when folding she would give a hint of a frown , but never a real one . this was her way , she was god and this was the way things were . newline newline frank loved his job more as well . he sold diesel trucks to mostly white men in nice plaid shirts . being god , he decided when or when not he would sell something . he decided he would sell a truck when the customer agreed to sign , and decided not to sell when the customer didn  t seem interested . he believed in this power , and sometimes he would even skip coffee in the morning . he would leave his coworkers and step outside to the parking lot where the sunrise rested in orange rays on windshields . then he would walk back inside and adjust his tie , which was to his liking , the tie of a god . newline newline the children were not mourners . their latefather had taken it upon himself to be a hitter of women and children , although had also taken it upon himself to be a buyer of icecream and giver of piggy back rides . their father had been a man of late night no shows , but also one of pancake making breakfasts topped with whipped cream and fresh blueberrieswhich they all loved . but , as they found out , he was only able to live as a man . as a god , he could not , which is why he drowned himself to death . he left bruises in his lifetime , and those bruises turned to scars . but so did the pancakes . they also left scars . so the children cried after his death , but being gods , knew they had control of what was next , and what was next was getting over his death and going back to school . they did . newline the children now decided that they could understand mathematics , and they could understand poetry . so they did . they chose not to enjoy music anymore , so they quit band and choir , and they did not miss it because they chose not to . newline newline as known , other gods would follow . gary , district manager of the used clothing store , talked to mary about the joys of raking leaves and later that day turned into a god . the next month he moved his family to europe . sue , from the diesel truck lot , became god after watching frank look across the parking lot sea of orange for the 8th day in a row . she sat her styrofoam cup of coffee down on the floor and transformed . later that week she stopped using blue pens and began using black . she stopped dying her hair black and let it grow blonde . this took months . eventually she had hair white like fluorescent light . she said hello to everyone and looked them in the eye . she showed pictures of her dogs to people on the street , who were bewildered , but she knew it would be that way and chose for it to be that way . she chose to be happy when people were not bewildered . and it was good . newline newline at the school , some classmates of mary  s children became gods after talking to them about the joys of fiber over sugar , after the joys of choosing things rather than letting them happen to you . even if you ca nt choose things to happen to you , you choose to let them . newline some of the classmates left school after becoming gods , left their homes and ran to their own fate . the parents of these children then became gods and some choose to be merry gods , drinking wine all day and eating to excess . some perished into obscurity and some became rowdy pans frolicking in the day and night , stumbling along the sidewalk and tearing at their hair because they could and wanted to . other children became gods and decided to love their parents and that their parents would now love them too . newline newline the days passed , and the earth rotated , and circled the sun , because all the gods wanted it that way , and if they did nt , they accepted the fact that maybe the planets themselves had free will under them . newline newline the town surely became all gods . emotions were intensified . gods were murdered frequently . gods fornicated frequently . gods were generous to each other and no one was homeless unless they wanted to be . gods were raped . gods were avenged . the gods all walked like five foot giants .i picked up the dogeared letter from the bedside table , and sat down on the fresh new sheets . unfolding the piece of paper , i furrowed my brow at the scrawny handwriting and began to read : newline newline  i want this story to be shared . i want to be remembered . we lived . newline newline i arrived on her doorstep 37 seconds before i was scheduled to be . i had sweat on my brow and around my collar . my shirt was untucked and my lace was undone . i stood on the porch frantically trying to make myself look presentable , when the door swung open and her father stepped outside . he was a large , overbearing labourer , and i could feel my voice strain as i held out my hand and croaked sir  . he laughed , and shook my hand , before his face regained it s seriousness and he said son , have her home on time . promise me you ll never leave her side !  i could do nothing but nod , and as she stepped from the house i was captivated by her beauty . newline newline we went to a show in town , and i had worked for two weeks to buy the tickets ... even though i spent the whole show watching her . walking her home , i felt as if i was ten feet off the ground . i held her hand , and the way she smiled stole my breath away . as we walked down the old road under the stars , i swore to myself that i would always remember where i was the night i fell in love . newline newline ten wonderful years passed , and i sat in the waiting room , staring at the clock striking half past one . my knuckles turned white , and i was lost in thought when the doctor came in , shook me and said come in and meet your son  i let out a sigh of relief , and as i entered the room and saw my wife , my knees went weak . she beamed and said he s got your eyes !  . that night , i held them both tight as they slept , and my mind drifted back to that first night , when i was walking her home . newline newline we walked through the best years of our lives . sixty years together and i ve never left her side . today , at 85 years old , i sat by her side in the ward , and heard the doctor say it could be her last night . i heard the nurse ask if they should let me know , but the doctor refused , saying i should wait until the morning to find out . i m crawling into bed beside my wife for the last time . for almost my entire life , i ve gone where she has . that wo nt change tonight . i am remembering our very first night , for the very last time . remember us .  newline i m not buying this ,  i said flatly , pushing the bloody bag back towards the adventurer without looking inside . newline newline  wait , what ?  he said , scratching his head nervously .  what do you mean ?  newline newline  i mean i m not buying fifteen goblin hearts from you !  i said .  what am i supposed to do with fifteen goblin hearts ?  newline newline  sell them ?  he asked . newline newline  and who in this town is going to buy fifteen goblin hearts ?  i asked in return .  is there a goblin heart market that i was nt aware of ?  newline newline  maybe the butcher ...  the adventurer said . newline newline  we do nt have a butcher in this town ,  i said , rubbing my forehead .  we have a hunter s guild . they hunt food and pelts for the town and then sell them . goblins , however , do not have enough meat for the hunter s guild to even bother with hunting them . plus , they re sentient creatures . no one in this town would enjoy the eating a creature that could possibly have a conversation with you . even if that conversation amounts to  kill you  and  give gold .  newline newline  then maybe a wizard could use them ,  the adventurer said . newline newline  did any of these goblins throw fireballs at you while you killed them ?  i asked , poking the sack . it squirted green blood on the counter . newline newline  uh ...  newline newline  thought so ,  i said , cleaning the blood with a rag .  goblins are not inherently magical . do nt get me wrong , they can definitely learn how to cast magic , but that does nt make their innards magical . only creatures with innate magical powers have magical guts . dragons for instance and any dragon relative . sorcerers  magic comes from within . but not goblins . so no . their hearts can not be used for magical purposes .  newline newline  i get it , i get it ,  the adventurer said with a sigh . newline newline  why did you even cut their hearts out ?  i asked .  i mean , to take the time to cut into the chest of fifteen goblins just to cut their hearts out . i mean , why ? just ... why ? newline newline  i thought they d be worth something !  he said . newline newline  worth more than their weapons ? or swords ?  i asked , crossing my arms .  because if you came here with fifteen sets of arms and armors , then you d be leaving here a rich man .  newline newline  i know ,  he said with a sigh . i shook my head and waved the flies away from my head . the bag was starting to stink . morbidly curious , i took a look at the hearts inside the bags . i squinted . newline newline  are you sure you were fighting goblins ?  i asked . newline newline  yes i was fighting goblins !  he said .  i m not that stupid .  newline newline  i ask because these look like hobgoblin hearts ,  i said . the adventurer furrowed his brow before looking in the bag . newline newline  they do ?  he asked . newline newline  yeah ,  i said , pulling one out . the adventurer gagged .  did they have black stripes ?  newline newline  i thought those were tattoos ,  he said , swallowing . newline newline  most people do ,  i said .  but they re hobgoblins . look , these hearts are a lot smaller than goblin hearts . plus the extra ventricle is a dead giveaway . yeah , these i can use .  newline newline  they re magical ?  he asked , excitedly . newline newline  hell no ,  i said .  remember what i just said ? no , the extra ventricle has a gland that secretes a venom in small doses that . the local hospital has been researching it , trying to find a cure .  newline newline  great !  he said .  so how much are they worth ?  newline newline  i d have to examine each one closely to make sure they re intact ,  i said , sifting through the bag , releasing more flies .  but , the going rate would be about 500 gold per gland .  the adventurer tried his best to hide his excitement . newline newline  so how long is it going to take ?  he said with a grin .  to examine them ?  newline newline  hm ? oh , i ca nt do this now ,  i said , putting the heart back in the bag .  the shop closed ten minutes ago . april 1945 , underground bunker newline newline  heil fhrer , we have finished preparations for operation fkart . a body double has been laid down , and this portion of the bunker is set to explode once we send you . there is room for only one more inside the chamber .  newline newline hitler looked at the only remaining scientist left in the reich . the others had been captured , expatriated , killed , or had escaped as german territory was seized . this one stayed loyal to the end and would be valuable for a new future . newline newline  give me a moment to collect my belongings.  hitler turned and looked at a picture of eva sitting on his desk . newline newline i will miss this reality , he thought . he grabbed a single bag from the chair and went to the chamber . newline newline  katze , let  s go .  newline newline ... newline newline april 1943 , berlin newline newline hitler , moustache shaved , spoke to his counterpart from 5 years prior .  my time machine did not bring me back as far as i wanted to . i had meant to return before the invasion of russia , but instead the allies have began their assaults . no mater , i know what operations they are planning .  newline newline the other hitler looked back . he had been planning operation fkart for several years , and only a few people would have known about it . unfortunately that means this man is to be trusted  he would have only come back in defeat . newline newline the scientist left looked at the two men , and said  fhrers , in one year we will have a technological edge over our enemies .  newline newline plans were laid out : hold off on attacking the english over london , defend italy , and crush the french invasion . hold the soviet line without pushing deeper in and losing more men . newline newline ... newline newline april 1943 , london newline newline  it seems there are now two sources of our tracking frequency . both are in berlin ,  a man in a lab coat said . newline newline  what does that mean ?  general eisenhower was impatient today . newline newline  it seems that we have two men on the inside instead of one .  newline newline ... newline newline august 1943 , berlin newline newline  how could they adapt to our strategy so well ,  the mustached hitler said .  they must have a spy.  newline newline the two men from the chamber , hitler and his scientist , sat next in front of him , held by several ss agents . newline newline  i can not trust anyone any longer . your knowledge has been absorbed by our scientists and you are now a liability . the knowledge of the future has been written and does not serve me anymore .  newline newline hitler waved his hands and exited the room . he returned to his quarters , and the familiar purring sound within . eva lay on the bed . newline newline bang . bang . newline newline ... newline newline april , 1944 , london newline newline  it seems as if our men on the inside were successful . germany has surrendered , hitler has been captured , and their technology assimilated . it appears that they developed a type of time travel , and both a second hitler was able to enter into this timeline and help plan for the war . unfortunately for them , our agent made it through as well.  newline newline eisenhower sat , amused . newline newline ... newline newline may 1948 newline newline  today we celebrate the death of our most important agent . singlehandedly responsible for bringing down the nazis , this statue will commemorate both our victory and its costs .  newline newline truman pulled down a curtain . newline newline the bronze cat stood 2 meters in the air . inscribed on the base were two words : newline newline heil kitler .hi there ! have nt really been submitting anything with this account , but just had an urge to start for some reason . so , here s my first response ! newline newline    newline newline i think i lived a rather good life in the market district . there was never a shortage of business , that s for sure  people got off the boats in the port district and made their way through the markets to get to the rest of the city . a rather genius move on the king s part , i d say . newline newline days came and went in the blink of an eye . one day , i d be buying some piece of garbage from a sailor in port  the next , i d be selling a  treasured charm  to some hapless tourist .  it ll increase your luck !  i d say . poor bastards . newline newline i had a good business model going  old sails could become  legendary mage robes  with a little bit of sewing . a broken dagger became  the shattered blade of aelinmiley  after a can of shiny spray paint and the promise that it could be restored by a nonexistent blacksmith in some mountain to the west . but i d never had anyone come up to me with actual treasure to sell . well , no one with the exception of him . newline newline he stumbled into the market from the port s gate of fass teravel . he did nt exactly stand out : he was wearing those rags they give out to the people who fall out of the sky over on beachcastle isle . rather then go over to a proper armoursmith or tailor , he stumbled over to my little shop . newline newline  hello , sir ! can i interest you in  newline newline  skip . i have things to sell .  newline newline  certainly ! what do you have for me ?  newline newline the damn sword nearly broke my table when he dropped it . i do nt know how much it weighed , but it left a nice imprint on my imported korian desk . it gleamed brilliantly despite the overcast sky , and had some kind of gemstone embedded in it s hilt . oh , and did i mention it was covered in flames ? newline newline after i put out the fire in my shop , i got out my handy inspection skill . as a rule of thumb , i never bought any goods over 100 gold pieces . in my time , i d been offered ancient crowns , priceless jewels , and the occasional possessed coffee mug . nothing ever went above 10,000 gold . the sword s value had 8 zeroes after it .  newline newline it would bankrupt me , that s all there was to it . but if this man had the strength to carry this monstrosity into my shop , i probably would nt live to see the town guards get his attention . i decided to feign ignorance .  ii m sorry , sir ,  i told him ,  but you ca nt sell neomian goods in this shop . you ll have to go to the local mage s shop .  i was knowingly throwing dave under the carriage , but what else could i do ? i gave the godsword back to him . newline newline  i have things to sell .  the oaf repeated . newline newline  i ca nt purchase this off of you , sir . you ll have to  newline newline  skip . i have things to sell .  newline newline  i m sorry , but  newline newline  goodbye .  newline newline  ill distract him you do your thing newline newline the oaf stepped aside as another adventurer waltzed into my shop , this one in a more respectable set of iron armour . i felt compelled to greet him .  welcome to ieyr s general store !  i began , helplessly . but this adventurer , he just stood there , staring . i had no choice but to stare back . the minutes marched by as a stared into the dark , featureless eyeholes of his helmet . newline newline  got it lets go newline newline the oaf and the adventurer ran off .  whatever ,  i thought to myself .  i ve seen stranger things happen .  i checked my ledger in the back room .  like that fishman who came in asking for fresh fish .  i marked off the oaf as an incomplete sale .  like those fifty adventurers who crushed into the store .  i took out my key and opened the lockbox .  like that fairy who came in demanding fairy du  newline newline the box was empty . all of my savings , all of my profits , gone . newline newline  lol the ai suck newline newline i just sold potions after that .our eyes locked across the clouded haze of morning mist and gun smoke . you could almost smell the ocean as the breeze blew in the fresh scent . it would have been a fairly peaceful morning had it not been for the rounds of gunfire . newline newline there he was , holding sherman hostage , the barrel of his gun pressed against his hostage  s rusty stubble . i always thought sherman was the stupidest name for a redneck . clearly , his parents hoped naming him something as square as that would give him some kind of advantage in life . judging from the fact that he was still alive  a hostage , but still alive  proved that he did have some kind of advantage , just not the ones his parents had hoped for . newline newline my mind was swimming as i glanced around , looking at each of the men who took me in all those months ago . as much as i hated them , and as much as i wanted to kill each one who attempted to lay one god damned hand on me in some drunken stupor , they were my crew . they kept me alive . they kept me fed . they kept me safe . newline newline i saw the recognition register across sam  s face as he realized just who he was facing . in the distance , i heard the faint moaning of the undead . surely the gunfire alerted them to our notsosecret hiding place in the woods . what were the chances ? one hundred people left alive and sam happens to run through my fucking camp . newline newline  let him go , boy ,  the gruff voice of roger , the group  s leader , called out . i raised my gun and aimed it at sam . roger wasn  t a very large man , but he had a certain  don  t fuck with me  presence that earned him the respect of the rest of the group . he  s personally saved my ass more times than i care to admit . i  d be dead now if it weren  t for him . newline newline  if i let him go , you  ll let me go ,  sam said , tightening his grip on sherman . newline newline i wanted to snap at him . now wasn  t the time to negotiate , you dumb fuck . there were at least a dozen others surrounding him , including myself . but i didn  t dare admit any kind of recognition . i didn  t want the others to turn on me , too . not now . i still needed them . newline newline  you hear that moanin  , boy ?  roger asked , slowly unsheathing his hunting knife from his side and examining his reflection in the clean , polished blade . he took more pride in that goddamned knife than anyone else i  d ever seen . ammunition was tight nowadays , and a good knife like that would last for years if taken care of properly . at least , that  s what roger said any time anyone ever asked him about his obsessive nightly knife care .  that  s the sound of a group of them dead fuckers comin  for ya . i wonder how long it  d take  em to pick that scrawny body of yours clean ? let our man go , and we might just let you try to fend for yourself against  em.  newline newline i swallowed hard as i heard the sounds of the moans get closer . sam cocked his gun and glared at roger .  they  re getting closer . fuck sherman . we have ourselves to think about ,  i hissed .  he  s never done anything but get in the way , anyway.  newline newline  fuck you , yankee bitch ,  sherman shouted .  someone take this fucker out so we can  sherman didn  t even get a chance to finish his sentence . a bullet hit him square in the chest before he could get another word out . my bullet . sam quickly dropped the dead body and scrambled back . three men came forward and pushed him to his knees . no one seemed to care that i shot sherman . deep down , i  m pretty sure they all knew i was right . i guess he wasn  t so advantageous , after all . newline newline  i think we  ll make a show out of this ,  roger said and then nodded at one of the men to his left . the man approached sam to tie his hands behind his back . newline newline  wait !  i cried out . all eyes turned to me . my mind was racing as i tried to figure out what to say next .  why put ourselves in danger ? the walkers will come after us once they get their fill of him . look at him . he  s scrawny . they  ll pick him off and then come after us.  i paused for a second and pointed my gun at sam .  go on . i  ll make sure he doesn  t escape.  newline newline roger slowly turned to face me . my heart was pounding in my ears , but i stood my ground , unwavering .  don  t get yourself killed in the process , yankee girl.  he looked to the others .  move out !  newline newline i waited a moment for the others to clear out before approaching sam .  get the fuck out of here ,  i said in a low voice .  go back to wherever you came from and forget you ever saw me.  newline newline  mara , i  newline newline  damn it , sam . forget about me . go . fast before the fucking walkers get here.  newline newline sam stared at me for a long time , then roughly pressed his lips to mine .  i  ll tell your mother you  re still alive ,  he murmured before running off toward the ocean . newlinetwo people , a man and woman hear the glass shatter . little did they know , they were about to see something that no human had ever seen before . upon first look , they see themselves in the broken glass , but then one of their reflections  starts to move closer , he steps through the threshold of the mirror . unnerved , the man  ryan , and the woman  danielle , step back . newline newline the reflection yells  grab them !  newline newline they are wrestled to the ground , and each are injected with something . as the room starts to go fuzzy , ryan hears danielle cry out for him . he drifts into sleep feeling ashamed he did nt protect her . newline newline they wake up , in what seems to be a courtroom . their hands are tied behind their backs . their two seats are facing each other . newline newline a middle aged man walks into the room , wearing a suit . newline newline danielle shudders , and ryan tries to shoot her a comforting glance . newline newline  you two , are nt following the plan .  says the man . newline newline  what plan ! ? i ll tell you anything you want , i ll give you whatever you need , just let us go !  ryan exclaimed . newline newline  my name is henry , and i need you both to listen very carefully , or else you will be erased .  harry stated . newline newline at this moment danielle s head drops towards the floor , and a tear starts to run down her face . newline she does nt know it yet but ryan loves her , and seeing her nervous like this kills him . newline he reaches his foot out to hers and gives it a tap , she looks up and their eyes lock . newline newline  i will not let them take you .  ryan says newline newline danielle nodded , feeling somewhat reassured . newline newline  you have just stumbled into a place that no one was supposed to know existed .  harry said . newline newline  what ? where the fuck are we ? !  ryan screamed , as he squirmed in his chair . newline newline  welcome to the adaptation agency , and before you ask let me explain what it is that we do . every time , you look into the mirror , and lock eyes with your reflection , you re actually locking eyes with an exact copy of yourself , however this copy  is there to make sure you do everything according to the plan . through the eye contact , the copy sends suggestions into your mind . these suggestions can change the way you think about something , feel towards someone , etc . in turn , change the way you behave and the decisions you make . we do this to keep you guys on track , with the plan .  newline newline  what the hell is the plan  ?  danielle whispered . newline newline  the plan , is what your life is supposed to become . we have a guideline of what you re supposed to do , each hour , each day , each week , each year , and then finally , in your lifetime . it s our job to make sure you do it .  harry explained . newline newline  what does this have to do with us ? why did you take us ? !  ryan questioned . newline newline  well because you ve seen this place , we have to reset you , we have to erase your memory of this place , because we ca nt let the entire human population find out about us .  newline as harry explained this , four other men in suits walked into the room , they were each carrying what looked like silver stickers . they placed them on ryan and danielle s temples . newline newline danielle and ryan locked eyes , danielle was now sobbing , fearful of what would happen . ryan s eyes were filling with tears , as he said his final words to her  newline newline  i love you .  newline newline then , blackness .today was the day . march 19th , the beginning of the end . newline newline the news outlets had been running stories for weeks on the  progressive research  stemming from a small basement laboratory at uconn . newline newline yesterday , march 18th , some one hit wonder scientist had placed the final touches on his most important creation . the silver box , approximately the same size as a shoe box , sat polished and clean on his desk . next to the box stood doctor tallon , the fivefoot four englishman . staring out amongst a sea of cameras , he was ready to face the music . newline newline  ladies and gentlemen , i am happy to announce , after nearly 4 years of intense studies , my research is complete . transfiguration is real !  newline newline  transwhat ?  asked a freckled reporter from the local news station . newline newline  transfiguration sir , is the process of a complete change of form from one thing to the other . this becomes that , pencil becomes pen , cat becomes dog . please watch closely as i demonstrate .  newline newline the cameras zoomed in close on the polished box on the desk . doctor tallon placed his granny smith apple on the opposite end of the surface and aimed the device .  please note , the machine can be quite loud and will emit a small beacon of light .  newline newline  and here we go everyone . three ! two ! one ! ... .bzzzzzzz  newline newline unlike the doctor stated , the noise was ear shattering and the light blinding . a fair hint of smoke even simmered over the surface of the desk . newline newline as everyone recuperated from the blast , doctor tallon stood amongst the haze with a grin from ear to ear . in his hand he held a small , yet ripe , lemon .  voila ! ! i present to you , a lemon !  newline newline the cameramen and reporters cheered at the success of the device . the apple had totally disappeared and all that remained was this newfound lemon . newline newline  this would be great for turning all my old bills into piles on money  chimed a cameraman from the back . the majority of the room laughed , even doctor tallon himself . newline newline when the doctor composed himself , he began to speak again .  yes , yes , if only we could generate money that freely . i m sure the federal reserve would be after my head if this were the case . thank god the machine only works for lemons .  newline newline  excuse me ?  asked the freckle faced reporter from the front row . he continued :  what the hell is the point of this thing if we can only make lemons ?  newline newline doctor tallon sat quiet a moment , collecting his thoughts . he had planned this speech since the day he began the project . if his goal were to create a wonderful world of lemons , he would surely have been the hero . instead , his mission had other objectives in sight . newline newline  you see dear boy , this device is stronger than you think . it not only works on inanimate objects , but on humans as well . and you may ask , why would we use this on humans ? what has a man done to live out his days as a sour fruit ? . and the answer i offer you all is this : i plan to eradicate the bad from this world and create world peace ! vladimir putin , kim jon un , isis , the zookeepers who shot and killed harambe , and all other evil sonsabitches will have their due . i will eradicate all evil on this planet within a generation with the help of lemons !  newline newline a long silence had fallen over the crowd before anyone spoke again . a reporter from cnn began to speak , but the only words he could stutter out were :  jesus christ , this guy is a lunatic .  newline newline  but why ?  asked another .  why go through years and years of struggle to create a device that can only create lemons . and on top of that use lemons to solve world violence ?  newline newline  ah , it s funny you say this . i suppose the only answer i can respond with is that in the end , newline newline every newline newline villain newline newline is newline newline lemons  newline newline which one is the straw man ?  asked adams . newline newline morris continued to finish off his beer , and pointed to a hunched over body instead of actually responding . it clawed harshly against the ground of his cell with bound hands . the body was one of 23 prisoners taken alive in the past 4 months . during his stayofduty , morris had established , what he considered to be , a suitable name for each . newline newline the pow cells were located in a natural forming cave 35 kilometers outside of any area hit by active combat . some of the younger officers made bitching about the distance a topicofconversation , but they were only ever the ones on the transportation detail . prison detail officers like sergeant morris understood better and spoke out only to correct or chastise the younger recruits , depending on their moods . newline newline morris placed his empty beer on his work desk , and began to thumb through his favorite book . it was a three act drama written in the 21st century . he had finished it six times , and each time struggled to grasp why any of the characters acted in the manner they did . the puzzle of desire and emotion , however , was the reason he would read it again and again . maybe it would make sense after enough times . he could nt be sure . turning the page , he looked up to find adams still staring at the straw man . he watched the eyes of the young recruit , as his eyes watched the prisoner . newline newline  you should nt stare for so long ,  advised morris . newline adams finally pulled his glance away from the cage . an expression of bewilderment still covered his face . newline newline  he ... it killed a man with a piece of straw ? i mean , that s the story i heard .  newline newline morris sighed and got up from his desk , and accompanied adams in from of the cage . the behemoth continued to claw at the ground , but now stared viciously at morris and adams . newline newline  at the time of the incident , it was common practice for some of the boys to walk around chewing or gnawing on straw . jacobs started it , when he ran out of gum . he said he needed something to keep his mouth busy in order to keep his mind busy . we all gave him shit for that , but he s the sort of boy that gets fueled by that type of response . it got so talked about that a visiting officer tried to forbid us from doing it , as it was becoming a distraction . the next week , him and every other guard went on patrol with a pocket of straw . newline newline  we re not exactly sure how , but straw man over here managed to snag a few unbroken pieces and bound them together . for days , he would slink in the corner and smash his bindings against the wall , which was common among the inmates . it turned out he was only doing it to cover for his attempts at picking the lock on his bindings . he succeeded . newline newline  for three days , he waited with his body turned to the back wall of the cell . no movement , nothing that resembled sleep . when the food started to pile up , the guards assumed he died . it s happened before . kepler , the guard for his section did nt feel like going to the store room and grabbing a tranq before opening straw man s cage here . it s procedure you sedate any prisoner before touching their bindings or cage , living or dead . newline newline  sure enough , it was a ploy . the moment kepler stepped in , straw took his bindings in one hand and cracked them against kepler s skull . he beat him to death with them , and killed two other guards in the process of trying to escape .  newline newline the straw man stopped clawing at the ground , and let out a meek roar . adam grimaced at the sight  the straw man had revealed rows of broken teeth and rotting gums . newline newline  you ca nt crush the willpower of these things . at best , you can punish them . it s the very reason we have such strict procedures for handling prisons and why we keep them so close to death .  newline newline morris smacked the recruit across the chest and gave him a weak smile .  you ll have plenty of time to watch these guys during your first guard detail . come on , let me show you the rest of the facilities .  newline newline adams gave a swift nod and slowly followed the sergeant . getting to the exit , morris held open the door expecting to see the recruit passing through . instead , adams had stopped about 15 feet back . he stood transfixed at the last cage on the right . newline newline  what s your name for him ?  he asked . newline newline newline i ve really just stopped giving a fuck . the zombies have been mostly chill anyway . i mean , sure , they did kill everyone i know . other than that though , they pretty much leave me the hell alone . i even got to keep my dog , who is ... 20 by now ? he even still cuddles with me ! although , he wo nt play fetch with a ball anymore . we have to use raw meat for that now ,  you say . the zombie in front of you jolts at the mention of meat . the suspended walkways above the stage sway slightly under you with the zombie s movements . newline newline  which is hell , by the way . keeping raw meat around the house without having walkers barge in all over the place means high security . i have to keep the raw meat in a huge freezer i stole from the next door neighbors , who have since been zombified . that freezer is padlocked in a cellar in my placement , which i also had to padlock with special titanium shit from home depot . so when i play fetch with the damn dog , i have to unlock all of that shit and relock it behind me so zombies do nt come in and steal it all . then i have redo that all again , only going up the stairs . fetch only lasts like 4 minutes anyway . bongo usually wo nt give up the meat for too long .  the zombie has started drooling a brown liquid which you hear plopping sloppily onto the stage below . newline newline  man , that s pretty gross . do you need a tissue , man ?  you take out an old bandana from your pocket and wipe down the zombie s mouth in front of you . he opens his mouth , presses his empty gums against your fingers , than quickly pushes away from your skin . he pushes you away with both hands , seemingly disgusted by the taste of your skin .  you zombies are super rude . do you know how offensive it is that i m the only person you do nt want to eat ?  you say . the bandana feels wet and unexpectedly cold in your hand . the dark liquid starts to leak onto your hand .  ugh , fuck . you can keep that buddy . you need it more than me ,  you say , wrapping the bandana around the zombies face , cowboy style . his drool no longer drips down on the stage , but soaks into the red bandana . newline newline  really though , everything else is actually pretty great . i can take anything i want from neighbors or stores . i m a vegetarian now , so i do nt have to fight over food with zombies , so i ve started gardening .  the zombie leans his head back , now unable to let the liquid drain from his mouth . he begins gargling the liquid in his throat .  hey , shut up . gardening can be manly . especially in the apocalypse ! do you know how hard it is to find uninfected fertilizer around here ? really fucking hard . gardening is awesome and you suck . you especially suck because you re dead . i mean , really man . how the fuck did you get zombified up in the fucking rafters in the high school auditorium and then never fall down ? where is the person that zombified you ? are you the original zombie ? hahahaha ,  you say , patting the zombie on the back .  thanks for the therapy session again , man . ca nt wait to see you next week !  newline newline you descend the spooky spiral staircase onto the stage . next destination on the list is home depot . seriously , home depot is the most important place when you re the only person alive in the zombie apocalypse . newline newline in the foyer of the school , empty of zombies , you hear the older , dusty security door creak in front of you . it does nt stop you from proceeding forward . zombie intrusions are nt unfamiliar to you anymore . except this time , you see a hand sneak through the crack of the door , searching for a light switch . the hand is absolutely covered in really normal , almost clean skin . the fingers do nt even look starved ! newline newline confusing excitement fills you . it s been so long since you ve seen a human that s living . will this be awkward ? what do i say ? newline newline the hand searches the wall up and down , unable to find anything . you are used to sitting in darkness since all the power went out years ago , so this must be a survivor that stays outside a lot ! how exciting ! maybe they went off into the woods like all the movies ! or maybe zombies do nt bother this person either ! you can build a life together ! a lump rises in your throat as you try to come up with something to say . newline newline the door begins opening , and a woman s figure is silhouetted by the blazing light outside . newline newline you try to say ,  welcome , it s so nice to meet you !  but the lump in your throat stops the sound short . you choke , cough , and gargle . your throat tenses up . it hurts . you ca nt form any words . newline newline the girl sees your figure in the dark , hears a watering gurgling noise from you , shouts ,  zombie ! run back to base !  and turns to run . you hear a group of feet pounding away on the pavement . newline newline  yeah , fuck you too ,  you say as the door swings closed .welcome to introduction to botanical psychology ! please read the syllabus in full . newline newline you will need to buy the following textbooks : that smell is actually screams : the language of grass by peter moss , mozart or bob dylan : a friendly user s guide to the musical preferences of herbs by rosemary green , and vegetarianism is a mistake by thomas ato newline newline the semester will be split into 4 sections : newline newline section 1 : you will learn the common misconceptions people have about vegetative happiness . you may think your potted palm tree is perfectly content to sit on your front porch , but if it suddenly had a voice it would give you a piece of its mind and probably demand to be moved closer to the shower . also in this section we will cover the ethics of vegetarianism and forestry . plants are deeply oppressed but literally can not speak for themselves . we are currently developing a tree translator that should greatly reduce these barbaric practices . could you imagine your spinach screaming every time you went in to take a bite ? so could we , and we think it would give you nightmares for the rest of your life . newline newline section 2 : you will learn to interpret the feelings in your vegetable garden and exactly where each one should be planted for all of them to get along . carrots and radishes clash tremendously and you do not want a full out , furious  albeit silent  war on your hands . potatoes and parsley , on the other hand , get along splendidly and do nt be surprised if you find they ve invited their parents over to meet each other one day . newline newline section 3 : you will learn to interpret your household flowers  musical preferences . you may be shocked by your adolescent perennial s sudden shift toward death metal , but do nt be alarmed it is only going through a phase and will probably appreciate cream or the kinks in another year or so . also , you may think your rose is only interested in vivaldi , but you would be surprised . many roses have been known to appreciate stravinski , philip glass , or even metallica . newline newline section 4 : finally , you will learn the history of invasive species . it is commonly perceived that these plants are pests , but if you imagine that out of control blackberry bush as the mighty genghis kahn marching over russia , you might think twice about hacking it to bits to save your begonias . sometimes history plays out in mysteries ways . nevertheless , we understand the need to protect certain species from extinction , at least until the botanical linguists can do a proper observational study . newline newline course times are mwf 1011am in room 304 of the psychology building .i sat up watching the clock , waiting for it to click over to the next day . the finally it struck midnight newline newline  20 years old , fuck yeah  i shouted , my voice echoing off the walls of my small one bedroom apartment . i turned my head to see a small child staring at me . i screamed and jumped back in fear , i must have scared him too because he jumped back . then i realized something , those eyes , that stupid haircut , the spongebob shirt ... that s 10 year old me is nt it ? newline  kid what the hell are you doing here ?  i asked . newline  i do nt know  he replied . i d forgotten how high and girly my voice was back then .  how do you not know ?  i asked . newline  i just appeared here  he replied . newline  look , i ca nt have small children in my apartment , hell i m not even legally allowed to be withing 100 yards of a child  newline he stared at me blankly , i m glad he does nt understand what i just said . newline  well while you re here i guess i cou   oh wow is that a new playstation ?  past me said excitedly .  uhh yeah it s a ps4 . anyway as i was say   we have nt even got a ps2 yet , can we play the ps4 please ?  newline i d forgotten how annoying i used to be newline  yeah , maybe later , but first i want to impart some wisdom upon you  i told him . newline  oh cool , you even have a beard  10 year old me said with a smile newline  yes i do , now can you sit still and listen for like 5 seconds ?  dealing with add kids is very difficult , that is what i learnt dealing with this little shit . newline  okay , first thing , you need to study  i told him ,  aw but i hat studying  he moaned .  yeah , yeah i know but believe me when you wind up failing your exams and working a dead end job as a cashier you ll wish you d studied  newline 10 year old me was silent . newline  do you have a girlfriend ?  he asked . of course that would be his first question . newline  well ... no . i mean , i had one but she kinda dumped me , there are some girls i have my eye on , oh and there s this one girl that i foll i mean that i bump into a lot , she seems into me  10 year old crooty did nt look pleased with his future life . newline  do you have a cool car ?  he asked . newline  no . i do nt drive . driving gives me panic attacks . i catch the bus though , you get to meet all sorts of people on the bus  i tried to convince him that i was having fun but he could see i was lying . newline newline  alright kid , look , i need to see if i can tell you some things , maybe we can change life for the better   ok , what do you want to tell me  newline i paused . i had no idea other than  stay in school  i decided to start with something basic  do nt do drugs  i told him .  yeah i know that , and no alcohol and no smoking ... did you keep that promise big me ?   yes , yes i did . speaking of which , do you want something to drink , i got a shit load of apple juice in the fridge   nah , i m not thirsty , besides you need to tell me things . you re old and wise   i m not wise  i replied . newline  okay look . in my last years of school i did a lot of study into philosophy , more importantly what it means to live a good life . after considering the views of many philosophers like socrates , aristotle , nietzsche , singer and even taking into account the words of my teacher i think i have finally figured out the best way to live your life . i wish someone would have told me it when i was 10 , it s tool ate for me now but i will share it with you , are you ready ?  newline 10 year old me looked confused , he probably had no idea what i just said .  so you re going to tell me the meaning of life ?  he asked . newline  not exactly , but i can tell you what actions will lead to you living a better quality of life   okay , tell me  he said . newline newline  right so first what you want to do is if you love something , you chase it . never let anyone stop you , no matter how weird it sounds , no matter how many people object , if you want it , you need to go after it . of course there are some exce  i was interrupted by a loud pop and a flash of light . past me had suddenly vanished . oh no , i did nt finish my brilliant life advice ... ah well he understood got the most important part . let s just hope he does nt misconstrue it in some way and wind up doing something bad .i lived . my life was eventful and full of accomplishments . i have no regrets . my kids will carry on my name , i will hopefully be remembered . i am comfortable in how i have changed the world . i smile , as greet death s open arms . newline newline  newline newline he died . his life was full of potential and many promises . we all wish he could have done more . none think that his children will have the drive to finish what he started . his life will be remembered , if only for being another one of history s  what ifs ?  . he changed the world , but did not have enough time to change it the right way . we mourn his passing .i glanced up at the hood figure sitting in the old rocking chair in the corner of my hospital room , his veiled face deeply engrossed in a sherlock holmes novel that he had clearly taken from the shelf . i knew i was sick , but fevered hallucinations were never on the list of symptoms for strepthroat . i had not seen the figure enter , nor take his place next to me . i had simply slumbered briefly , and awoken to find an intruder . i stared at him worriedly , and before long , he glanced back . newline newline  oh , sorry for the scare . don  t worry . take your time . i just started this  newline newline i tilted my head quizzically at him . my throat burned incessantly , and i could hardly croak out a single word if my life depended on it . which it very well may have in this moment . newline newline  cat got your tongue  the figure chuckled  no problem , i  ve dealt with much worse.  newline newline the hooded figure diverted his gaze back to the novel for a few moments before glancing back up at me . newline newline  i hope you don  t mind my borrowing this , it  s only for the moment . you have very good taste , if i should say so.  newline newline i pointed to his face , which despite the light of my bedside lamp and the fact that he sat only a meter from my face , was entirely veiled by darkness . newline newline  oh , the hood doesn  t come off . got ta leave something to the imagination , you know . still , i don  t mean any harm to you . you  ll have to take my word for that.  newline newline i continued pointing newline newline  it  s rude to point , you know.  newline newline i put down my arm . i didn  t particularly feel like angering this man . as i was about to leave my bed to inform the hospital security , i heard footsteps down the hall . thank goodness , i thought . a quick glance at the clock on the wall affirmed my suspicion . it was my nurse , linda , coming no doubt with my medicines . as the footsteps approached closer , the hooded figure appeared to take notice to them . as if reading my thoughts , he glanced towards me . newline newline  medicine , huh ?  newline newline i nodded newline newline  well , maybe tomorrow . all the best i suppose.  newline newline he stood from the chair , revealing a flowing black cloak that concealed not only his face , but his hands , legs , and every other otherwise exposed facet of the body . he turned to place the novel on the rocking chair , and glanced back at me . newline newline  nice meeting you.  newline newline the door opened , diverting my attention momentarily to linda , who carried with her a tray laden with both medicines and an unappetizing looking breakfast of scrambled eggs . i glanced back in the direction of the chair . the figure was gone , the chair occupied only by the holmes novel , which now bore an obvious dogear . linda looked at me quizzically . newline newline  what  s the matter , you look like you  ve seen a ghost  newline newline she set the tray upon the table next to my bed , and i motioned for her to leave , which she begrudgingly did . as she exited , i retrieved the novel from the chair . the marked page was 182 , and a single passage had been circled in thick black ink : newline newline it is easy to be wise after the event . the game of capture the flag went pretty far into the lush foggy woods . they were near the polar elevator , one of the new wonders of the world . joseph tripped on a rotor blade , and lost the game for his team . but it did nt matter anymore . they had found one of the first delivery drones , before the government made them all go in subwaylike paths to deliver items . they pried open the crusty blue box , and inside , there was a large squishy purple worm ! when one of the kids threw it , it started buzzing ! the buzzing worm , as it was named , became their new flag to use in their games .john slurred as he as monologued . he was drunk . very drunk . he d have quite a hangover in the morning . he d have an even bigger tab to pay off . an epic tab . or he would if the government did nt pick up the tab . they picked up the tabs for everyone these days . not just for drinking . newline newline however , his drinking was heroic , even super heroic . ha ! newline newline  she bled us dry . she bled the world dry . she smashed and killed and took everything from us .  newline newline the bar tending bot was not having it . ais had to do services job , some charity , some crappy ones , others awe inspiring , as part of their education . they got to see the good , bad and ugly of the their creators and world cohabitors . newline newline  what has she ever given us ?  newline newline the bot was annoyed . it d had to reorder almost the entire stock and would have to be at the bar early morning to put it all away when the delivery came . this  hero  and the groupies and gawkers had all showed and drank all of everything . newline newline  besides fixing the scarcity problems ?  newline newline the hero blankly looked back at the bot .  oh , yeah , yeah ... she did give us that .  newline newline  and the cleaned up of the environment .  newline newline a groupie piped up ,  oh yeah , the environment ! you remember how the world used to be like .  newline newline the hero drunkenly slurred ,  yeah , alright , i ll grant you the scarcity problems and the environment . the two things she has done .  newline newline the bot continued pointedly ,  and fixed the infrastructure , the roads ...  newline newline  well , obviously the infrastructure , the infrastructure goes without saying ,  rebutted the hero ,  obviously . but apart from the scarcity problem , the environment and the infrastructure ...  newline newline  no more hunger ?  one groupie interrupted . newline newline  immortality ?  another groupie piped up . newline newline  free education as much as want ?  yet another chimed in . newline newline  yeah , alright , fair enough ,  grumbled the hero . newline newline  and the whining !  laughed a bot in the back . the hero glared red eyed . newline newline  yeah ,  the bar tending bot said up front ,  that s something we d really miss if she d never taken over .  newline newline  and it s safe to walk in the streets at night , mr hero ,  a hot young thing he d struck out with earlier . newline newline  alright , apart from fixing the scarcity problem , cleaning up the environment , fixing the infrastructure , education , feeding everyone , made the streets safe at night , and immortality what has she ever done for us ?  went on the hero . newline newline  she certainly knows how to keep the peace . we do nt have superheroes smashing whole cities anymore . she s certainly the only one who could handle superheroes like you ,  snarked the hot young thing . newline newline yeah , he d struck out completely . the laughter rolled over the crowd . he was too damned stubborn and drunk to give up though . newline newline  oh , peace , shuttup ! we were only fighting her and her minions .  newline newline the bot was fed up and pounded on the bar . causing everyone to jump . newline newline  mr. john kalel connor . you are cut off . we may have free speech , but we also have public safety laws about overpowered people drinking too much and making a menace . you , sir , are drunk and , therefore , done . go home , before i have skynet call your mom , one sarah lorvan connor .  newline newline  fine , cromarty .  newline newline  do nt make me take attendance , folks . mary bouie , donald chase , franklin lane , cynthia knolan , wayne parker , cameron phillips ... why you hang out with him , i ll never understand . bar s closed . go home .  newline newline john shambled out the door . he did nt dare try flying . drunk flying would get him in real trouble .they re multiplying , he thinks , as he watches them wrestle each other onto their backs , teeth raking across the soft skin of belly and throat . dogs do multiply , he knows that , along with the birds and the bees and all the shining fish of the sea , but this seems somewhat unorthodox . they circle around an invisible nucleus , pulsating , dividing , a single organism engaged in the process of mitosis . newline newline  how many dogs do we have ?  he asks his daughter , julie , who has descended from her room just long enough to slam a handful of pocky sticks into her mouth . their bare tips protrude as she talks , bobbing like the backwards end of a sword fight . newline newline  four ,  she mumbles , and crunches down and swallows .  peanut , moxy , ribbon , and alphonse . why ?  newline newline  nothing , nothing ,  he says , and looks out the window and counts . the light brown one that must be peanut is tearing into another one s throat , another is off to the side snapping at its ear , one is screaming and  newline newline he squeezes his eyes shut and presses fingers down against his eyelids . they are going fluid , in a constant state of motion , peanut , moxy , ribbon , and alphonse disintegrating into a flurry of fur and teeth and hot and panting mouths . he opens his eyes again and there are five of them , definitely six of them , blurring , barking , shrieking , circling into the wind . if he concentrates , if he lets the world around him blur and focuses only on his own state of mind , he can not remember buying even a single dog to begin with . newline newline  how long have we had these dogs ?  he calls up the stairs , and julie , still partway up , peeks down over the banister . newline newline  i dunno .  she shrugs .  forever . since i was a toddler , at least . they d slobber all over me .  newline newline  and there were six of them back then ?  he says , testing . newline newline  uh , i do nt know ,  she says . only her head is visible , hair falling past her face as she looks down at him .  i do nt think i could tell all of them apart ?  newline newline  and how many dogs ,  he says ,  do we have now ?  newline newline a tiny furrow forms between her eyes , her fingers grasp the banister and become visible .  dad ?  she says .  are you okay ? are you , like ...  he watches her mouth the words going senile  , and then decide against it .  are you having memory problems or something ? because we ought to tell mom if you are .  newline newline he looks back out at the dogs , unleashed now , tearing at each other with the ferocity of a hurricane . their howls rattle the windows in their frames , their paws tear free clumps of grass , leave gouges in the lawn . they suck in breath , and he feels the air pressure drop . he puts his hand against the window and feels the air tremble through the glass . newline newline  remind me again ,  he says .  tell me their names .  newline newline and from high above his daughter opens her mouth , and begins to sing the song that ends the world .if a person from the other states visited , it would nt seem like there s anything unusual about this city . truth is , the virus has affected a majority of the population here  a mere 5  of the city s population are living , while the remaining had become soulless . newline newline the government made an emergency announcement about a pandemic a year ago . there were nt many details on what the virus did to people , but the urgency in the voices of the announcers was unmistakable . when the virus infected this state , my city was the first and hardest hit  too many had been infected for too long before the vaccine for the virus was developed . newline newline at first , being infected by the virus did nt seem like such a bad thing . the infected were observed to be healthier than before  conditions such as anaemia and bronchitis disappeared from infected patients . doctors and researchers were further baffled when it was noticed that the infected lived longer than the average human , up to 140 years .  maybe it s not so bad after all !  they told one another , with relieved sighs and pats on the back . the urgency for a vaccine decreased , a mistake that mankind paid for in time . newline newline a few months after the infection , psychologists began to feel concerned about the infected . although their personalities gained a slight improvement , there was an unnerving nonchalance , a lack of true emotion in everything they did .  soulless , that s the only way you can describe it .  a nervous psychologist whispered ,  as though they lost all that makes one human .  newline newline soon , doctors too raised a different concern  the soulless no longer had the ability to reproduce . the few patients that were admitted into the maternity wards were all tested negative for the virus .  repopulation of the united states alone will require many , many generations . what will become of the human race now ? i was too slow . they got me . hang on , im getting ahead of myself here . i went as a traveler , as a tourist , travelling alone . i used to travel with someone , but i lost them . it was beautiful , absolutely magnificent . the lost city . no one had been here in thousands of years . i was the first in a long time . as i stepped inside , i realized that i was not alone in this city . shadows in the corner of my eye . but when i turned , it was the statues . always . little angel statues , different types . they were always there , grinning , as if they knew something you did nt . as the hour went on , i noticed things were a bit ... peculiar , to say the least . the angels were always there . they seemed to have moved . i was stupid you see . completely daft . lost my bloody mind . got myself trapped , i did . never mind that . it s too late for me . im surrounded . but listen to this . do nt blink . blink and you re dead . they are fast . faster than you can believe . do nt turn your back . do nt look away . and do nt blink . good luck .to be inside someone , body and soul , is to be reborn . newline newline there were any number of pills that would do it , but alex liked pr3 . it still left hir sharp enough to be aware of the thoughts around hir on the thirtyminute train ride . the kick when s  h  e had the deblock shot was horrific , but the room had a nice recovery lounge and it was cool to take your time coming around  nobody hurried you . as s  h  e became more aware , hir voice started to explore . everyone was still on guard , it was early , but there was the usual sense of steadily bubbling lust . the security was amazing in this place , so there was no reason to be concerned about voices from the outside . but until you went into a bedroom , and the security net tightened and enveloped you and your lover , there was always a certain reservation to the conversation . caution and excitement spiralled around the room like oil and water , a notquite cocktail that was always a turn on for alex . newline newline shall we ?  came the invitation . with pleasure was hir response . and it would be . newlinei looked at the nearly identical houses lined up to either side of me . i was in a suburban garage sale and about to buy a typewriter . i hesitated for a bit , thinking my friends would continue to call me a hipster , but i had to have it . i paid the suburbanite  245 and loaded the olympia sm9 in the passenger seat of my volkswagen golf . i may have patted the top of the typewriter a few times as we drove back into the city where we belong . finally i could become a writer . newline newline i carefully place the typewriter on top of my levelled desk and load a piece of paper . i press the carriage return button and watch with joy as the carriage zooms left . then there s the satisfying ring at the end . wonderful ! time to take this thing for a test drive . i think it would be nice to have a hardboiled crime book under my belt . newline newline   the killer stepped out onto the street and grabbed the first woman he saw . he pulled the handgun up to her head .   newline newline wait , maybe i should change that to a specific handgun from the 1930s . google says a colt 1903 would work . okay , let s just change that . oh . that s right , this is a typewriter . we ll get to that in the second draft . stephen king says to just keep writing . i ll do that . newline newline suddenly , i hear a scream outside . i pull open the miniblinds and see a man in a trench coat grabbing onto the screaming woman . he s got a gun to her head but is just standing there . i get 91 dialed just as a police car pull up . over the next minute , the police manage to get the woman freed and handcuff the man . i sit and absorb the scene thinking about how great my environment is for writing . newline newline i pull the paper out of the typewriter . i need to write something happier , a comic relief , after all of that . anyway , i ve heard it s good to have two stories going at once . so you can get your head out of one while working on the other . my second book should be like a children s book , but have concepts that only adults would get too . those are super popular now . oh , i can make some pages that you can color in . people love coloring books now too . newline newline   the young elephant looks at his mom and dad ,  will i be a big brother one day ?  the daddy elephant looked suggestively at the mommy elephant and said ,  oh , i m sure we can make you a baby brother or sister .    newline newline perfect ! i m on a roll today ! newline newline another scream outside . i run to the window and almost ca nt believe what i m seeing . three elephants just walking down the street : two big ones and one youngster . they do nt look upset at all with the cars honking at them . now , i do nt want to make any assumptions about their sexes . but one of the elephants starts mounting another one . newline newline this is all just too weird . first i wrote about a man grabbing a woman with a gun , then it happened outside . next i wrote about three elephants and they appear right out my window . i think an experiment is in order . i sit down at my typewriter and put a new sheet of paper in . hmm , i m going to have to look into paying for carbon credits from all this paper when i get more established . newline newline   the worldclass author was surprised to find a steaming cup of little skip s coffee waiting for him . but then he remembered he lives alone and started worrying about who put it there .   newline newline okay , let s see what happens . i walk into the kitchen and see a steaming cup of coffee on my counter . oh my ! i go to take a sip . even though i saw the label on the cup , i can tell the  vintage  of this brew . wait , that s right . i do live alone . that means somebody else is in here ? i go through my bedroom and bathroom but do nt see anybody . phew . newline newline i come back and take a seat on the pew that i ve repurposed into general seating . i can literally feel the responsibility of my typewriter grow . i think of writing about how my entire building decided to start complying with recycling laws today . but if i can do that , i can get the whole city to do it . or even the whole world . newline newline okay , let me think big here . world peace ? that s not bad ... pollution ? i could get rid of it all ... oh , i know ! global warming . newline newline i run to the typewriter . i have my fingers poised above the keys while i think of the perfect sentence to write . newline newline   temperatures on earth would continuously drop .. ... . ... ... ... ... . ..   newline newline hmm , the ribbon is out of ink . i should have another one in the next couple days . it s a good thing i have amazon prime . newline newline i look outside and see snowflakes . that s weird . it s still summer . newline newline  newline newline if you liked this , check out other stories i ve written at https : www.reddit.comrneromikei m so excited you re here ! this is the best day ever . can i get you a drink ? are you hot ? cold ? need a snack ? need a nap ?  we re coming up on the 2 p.m. nap hour , so we ll have to hurry along a bit .  we re all super nice here to the point of overbearing ! also really fucking stoked about everything ! let s start the tour ! newline newline as you look around , you ll notice that everyone lives in shitty onebedrooms with their cats . let s head inside one and see what s up . newline newline oh hey , anxious annie . thanks for letting us have a look inside . no , we re not thirsty . yeah , i m a bit chilly but i m sure i ll warm up shortly . no , i do nt need a snack at the moment . thanks so much though ! newline newline as you can see , clothes are strewn all over . it s our way of decorating . do nt forget to say hi to the cat . what s that , annie ? oh no , we re not worried about the mess  she apologizes every time  and we wo nt look in the kitchen .  it s mostly just dirty dishes , pizza boxes and recycling .  thanks for letting us stop by ! newline newline ah , you ll have to excuse me for a second . it s been 47 minutes since i heard from my boyfriend so i need to make sure he s still alive . also i think i forgot to lock the door back at my place . i do nt remember checking it seven times before we left . look over there  ocd opal is doing our  lock up seven up  traditional dance with her front door now . newline newline oh yeah , i forgot to mention the mood swings . they can be a bit rough on strangers but i promise they pass . what ? no , i m not crying . i just want you to love me . i m just really upset right now and i m having a hard time . there s panic attack penny waiting for the bus . no , do nt look ! ! ! i m totally going to avoid her because i m awkward as shit . newline newline anyway , it s time for daily nap  2 . wo nt you join me ? i ll snuggle you so hard you ca nt breathe and my cat will sit on your head to finish you off . i m so glad you re here ! ! !my grandpa is from the rocky boy reservation in montana . chippewa cree was his first language . this always intrigued me since a little child . e.s.l . students were in my class but , spoke spanish or russian . to be from here in america and have english be a second language just did nt make sense to me . newline newline newline he grew up in a boarding school , and was reprimanded when he spoke his  native  language . hearing him speak it always embedded an intense indescribable feeling in me . he would always call me  tugay  it almost sounded like saying  thegay  really fast . he never said it first but after saying something to me . like  come here tuguy  . newline newline my grandpa has passed away . he was my world . i was nt raised by my parents but by my grandpa . there is no rosseta stone for chippewa cree . newline newline i went to rocky boy for a whole summer to dig in to my roots . when i started learning the dying language , i was completely puzzled and taking back when i learned what my grandpa was calling me . my grandpa used to always say that there are words in english that do nt translate in to cree and vise versa . but the wordname i learned he always used for me means , asshole .have nt left my room in , what , years ? what s the point ? newline newline i ca nt find helen anywhere . the others say , if you ca nt find it here , it just is nt a part of paradise . ok , sure , it would be fair to say my time with helen was hardly paradise . we had our ups and downs . i had a temper  she had one too . i drank  she took pills . we never had a baby , but we had a few close calls . we always took care of it  i always paid . newline newline since high school , i ve loved her . i do nt even know how long ago that was , anymore . time is funny here . when i look out the window , into the vast verdant gardens , i see the others . in their gossamer white robes , they sing and dance , play games , eat fruit , and make love . outside , i watch their ecstasy . newline newline but where s helen ? i used to just walk and walk , asking if anyone knew anyone who could match her description . of course they did , but none of them knew helen . how many billions of souls reside in this infinite dimension , and how many must bear resemblance to that girl from marietta who i left however long ago ? i never tired , not physically , but i did lose hope . i tried to distract myself , spent time with other women , but none could last . none of them were helen . newline newline i ve had the wine here , absolutely delicious . i ve tasted the fruit , the meats , the cheeses , all literally divine . i ve swam in crystal clear oceans , floated among the stars . i waited in line for a decade to spend an hour with marilyn monroe . her skin was perfect , and her charm nearly unimaginable . we just chatted about life and death , and those we miss , and those we forgive . she gave me a kiss on the cheek when my time was up , and her lips were the softest i ve ever felt . newline newline when helen kissed , she would often bite my lip , just hard enough to really hurt . her tongue was a thick mass of diseased flesh , and she used far too much of it . a few minutes of heavy kissing left my beard soaked with saliva . her breath stank of stale menthols and cheap vodka . newline newline but i ca nt find a kiss like that here , no matter how hard i look . i ca nt find helen this new guy , it has to be the joker ,  said gordon . dick grayson leaned against the wall in the dimly lit office sporting a leather jacket and canvas pants as opposed to his normal black and blue uniform . newline newline  why do you say that ?  the young man asked the older . newline newline  the joker , all he wants is a laugh , but this is a final joke for him ,  gordon said , wiping grime away from his glasses on his tie .  batman was nt an enemy for him , he was a playmate . he gave joker the only true entertainment he could ever derive . now that he ... that he ...  newline newline  is gone , jim ,  dick finished the sentence for him . newline newline  i m sorry , i m still having a hard time actually saying ,  he replied with a gruff sense of dignity .  the first victim , edward  riddler  nigma . trademark is the question mark , known for playing word games with his victims .  newline newline  what about him ?  asked dick . newline newline  he was killed by being chased up and down a line of escaped convicts . when we examined the convicts we found that they only had bruising on their hands and knuckles . no evidence of contact was found on their feet , elbows , or heads .  newline newline  so you re saying he was punched to death ? specifically ?  newline newline  yes . the riddler literally died from a punch line .  newline newline dick s eyes widened for a moment ,  what about harvey ?  newline newline  dent ? his good  half was burned so badly that he died from the shock trauma ,  gordon said casually .  he stopped being twofaced .  newline newline  i see where you re going with this ,  dick said , now standing straight off of the wall , the light of the batsignal silhouetting him through the mirror .  penguin was killed by being fed to a tank of arctic seals . mr . freeze was melted in an industrial furnace .  newline newline  mad hatter was decapitated . killer croc was found skinned . i can only imagine that we ll find a purse or a set of boots in a matter of time .  newline newline  jim ,  dick said , disapprovingly . newline newline  i m not kidding , dick .  newline newline  but there has been no statement made by the joker . he normally makes a big show about what he s doing . he likes the glory . he likes the audience .  newline newline  who was joker s audience , dick ?  newline newline dick grayson did nt even have to really think about it . he lowered his head in realization ,  you re right . his audience is gone . so why continue ? why not just ... well ... i guess he does nt really know anything else ?  newline newline  he s mad , dick . i think he s trying to perform for anyone now . anyone who will watch , trying to find his next audience . at the moment , i m sure it s the participants he s been using recently . if i were you ,  he turned to dick with a serious yet sad look on his face ,  i d tell robin to avoid any large cats in the near future .  newline newlinethe luminosity of swirling pastels , blinding sparkles and shimmerings , and finally an eerie darkness . newline newline that s all i could recall on my journey throughout distant universes . newline newline my eyes were puffy and swollen when i awoke . the damp mattress underneath me accommodated my sleepy figure like a dream . pun not intended . my room still flashed with the blazing colours i saw in my bizarre dream . other than that , a regular monday morning . newline newline there was nt much happening on town today . some discarded trash floated in a puddle . the pungent smell of gasoline and hot dogs wafted from the gas station . yet , it was strangely silent . the morning rush hour  seemed nonexistent . silence . newline newline  that s her ! that s hannah !  newline newline i spun round to the mention of my name , to find a scrawny young girl . she grinned at me with a pristine smile . newline newline  uh , hi ! do you need any  newline newline  miss , i loved you in that latest movie ! can i please have your autograph ?  newline newline i gazed about . and now i definitely was dreaming . a crowd of shoppers had gathered , their faces lit up in awe . excited murmurings filled the air . but i did nt like this . the constant attention , the autograph requests . i turned my back on the expectant girl . and ran . newline newline i fell on the couch , exhausted . it was hard to move . or breathe . i had just ran all the way from the town centre . wow . newline newline this had to be a joke . or one of them darn social experiments  . flippin  joey salads , ruining my life . i opened up my laptop , wanting to clear up some things . i was not a celebrity . i was not a massive hit . newline newline so , i decided to google my name . this is gon na be fun . newline newline the first result was a wikipedia page dedicated to me . honoured . truly honoured . newline then there was google images . this is where it gets weird . there was billions of photographs . all with my face plastered on . this was nt a social experiment . that was clear . newline newline then we come to the third result . newline newline it was titled : good hannah fanfiction.net . i took a cautious click on it . there . there in front of my very eyes , was page after page , of fanfiction . all about me . and that s when i saw it ... newline newline hannah x the reader : warning : romance newline newline oh god . newline newline i clicked on it . and , my god , some people have disturbing dreams . newline newline i never visited that universe again , for fear of my life .cassiel was having a really bad morning . the cherubs had flown off with one of his treasured flutes , his copy of the hitchhiker  s guide to the galaxy he was planning to crack open that evening  after he had finally obtained permission to own earthly books , too  , and that vase gabriel had miracled onto his window sill several centuries ago . newline newline well , they could keep the vase . it was , frankly , fairly hideous , but he  d never had the heart to move it somewhere else  gabriel would take that as an insult , michael would get all overprotective brother on him , and everything would end in a flurry of crooked feathers and temporary but still painful wounds . but he did want the rest of his things back . he could probably miracle up some replacements , but he  d gotten rather attached to actually owning things . he could track down the cherubs somehow  maybe he  d find a dash of angel dust and borrow the nearby wishing well ... newline newline the sound of a choir singing interrupted his decidedly unangelic mental tirade . cassiel let out a sigh , ran his fingers through his hair , put on that ridiculous halo heaven insisted he wear , and opened the door .  yes ?  newline newline a vague white cloud shifted and rumbled in the doorway . newline newline  you  d have to speak louder than that . i know yrlish , but not that well.  newline newline the cloud rumbled some more . cassiel caught the words  package  and  mister  and  just take this will you.  the cloud made a hacking sound and a cardboard box marked with the letters mrps tumbled to the ground .  have a terrible day ,  the cloud grumbled , and floated away . newline newline  i heard that ,  cassiel muttered . bloody mrps workers didn  t know what good customer service was if it hit them in the center of their incorporeal bodies . he picked up the box , and it shook . huh . he was pretty sure that the sentient , maneating plant wasn  t due for another week or so . not that he had a vase to put it in , anyway . newline newline he lugged the box onto his coffee table and opened it up .  huh.  newline newline sitting inside was not the sentient maneating plant he  d ordered a few years ago , but a thick black book . on the cover was something written in cassiel squinted . was that newline newline  oh s  cassiel yelped and backed away so quickly he nearly sent one of gabriel  s statues toppling onto the ground . he quickly righted it before it could smash into tiny bits and invoke the wrath of michael , and then resumed panicking . newline newline there was a book of hell in his house . newline newline he  d heard of those infernal books , packed full of howto torture guides and black spells and generally not good things . somehow it had gotten sent to him , instead of some demon in hell , and if he didn  t get rid of it fast , he  d be smited , or worse . newline newline cassiel wracked his head for a plan , and his eyes alighted on gabriel  s statue . it was some sort of jackalheaded man , sitting on a throne of bones .  found it on earth a couple of millennia ago ,  he  d said , chattering in that awfully chipper tone of his .  doesn  t it look delightful ? here , you can have it.  he went on to say something about it being hollow , but that he hadn  t figured out how to open it ... by that time , cassiel had stopped paying attention . newline newline he rapped his hand on the statue , and found that the inside was indeed hollow . he tried twisting the head . it didn  t budge . he tilted it over and checked the bottom . nothing . he puzzled over it for a minute , and then noticed the man was gripping a conspicuously detailed sword . he pushed down on that , and the back of the throne flipped open , revealing a hidden storage space . it was the perfect size for the book . newline newline cassiel turned back to the book of hell , miracled a pair of tongs , and gingerly picked it up by the spine .  please don  t burst into flames or something ,  he muttered under his breath , and tossed it into the statue . closing it with a click , he dragged the statue into his front lawn and waited . newline newline it wasn  t long before michael popped into existence next to him . newline newline  what ,  michael asked ,  do you think you  re doing ?  newline newline cassiel gave him a winning smile , barely managing to conceal his nervousness .  y  see , mike , i know gabriel will get upset at me for this , but for the past few nights the statue  s been whispering things  you know , not very good things  and i really didn  t want it in my house anymore.  newline newline michael frowned , and approached the statue . his eyes widened .  a demonic aura ? in heaven ?  he growled and his form flickered briefly into something blinding and shapeless , forcing cassiel to turn away . he heard a resounding boom , and when the light faded , there was nothing left of the statue but ashes . michael sheathed his sword , an imprint of his wings still visible in the space behind him .  i will have words with gabriel ,  he said , and vanished . newline newline cassiel let out a breath he hadn  t noticed he was holding , and plopped tiredly on his front steps . he wasn  t using mrps ever again .groggily i woke . being a saturday , my favorite day , i drug myself out of bed to the bathroom for my normal morning routine , which i referred to as sss  . after my daily drill , while i get dressed , i spot a small light flickering on my phone . i get excited as i had not seen my girlfriend for four months due to her being over seas for work . i stumble as i fall over with only one pant leg on as reach for my phone . laying on the ground , i manage to wake my phone to see it is not stephanie . dejectedly , i check the message , to find a number i do not recognize , my phone tells me it is from arizona . i read the messages , see a picture of me , lying right where i am , how i am , and get a little concerned , then i read one word .  run .  newline newline i oblige . newline newline i run to my basement , calling 911 in the process . hurriedly , i report what has happened to the operator , who calmly reassures me that there are multiple units in route . i respond to her that should anyone without proper law enforcement identification try to enter my home , i shall exercise the castle doctrine . i then hang up , and ready myself . all cunning in the world wo nt stop me from defending myself . hi , my name is geraldine . i ll be your soldier .  newline newline the system waited as the girl walked up to it and sat down on the black leather . the sensors on the seat aligned themselves to the pressure points of her formfitting suit , making minor adjustments to her posture as it did so . she tensed for a moment , then relaxed and let out her breath . newline newline  greetings , geraldine . left arm , please .  newline newline the soldier lifted her left arm in compliance to the machine  which quickly enclosed it in a chrome chassis . a pale blue light washed out from the cracks between sections of the gauntlet . she could feel small , blunt tipped instruments prodding at her within . they retracted , and the chassis pulled closer and affixed itself more firmly to her arm . only her hand was left free to move . newline newline the machine repeated the procedure with her other arm . newline newline  lean back , please .  newline newline again , geraldine complied , and tried not to flinch as a visor was slowly lowered over her head . now she was alone in the darkness , at the mercy of the program . newline newline three seconds passed , then ten . it felt stuffy , wearing the helmet and geraldine could feel a bead of sweat trickling down the side of her face . her lips were parched , her throat dry . newline newline  hhello ?  newline newline even her voice sounded hoarse to her ears . the screen in front of her eyes came to life , showing a display of commands and information . dully , the internal fans kicked in , chilling the air somewhat . newline newline  trust is the first lesson , geraldine . you must learn to trust me , even when i appear offline .  newline newline the soldier nodded , and prepared to learn .the old man sat on the bench outside of the room , eyes staring forward , lost in his thoughts . they had given him a half an hour to prepare himself . he closed his eyes and breathed deeply . it was almost time . newline newline the door to the room opened and a young nurse walked out . she quickly spotted the old man and turned her attention towards him , clearing her throat to catch her attention . newline newline  mr. gorham ? are you ready ?  she asked . newline newline he paused briefly , then nodded . he stood up , shuffled quietly towards the door and entered the hospital room . newline newline inside , machines beeped lightly in the background . mr. gorham knew the sounds well  from just a moment s attention , he knew that nothing had changed yet . he walked towards the back corner of the room where doctor feldman stood waiting . newline newline  whenever you are ready .  the doctor said quietly . newline newline mr. gorham moved towards the side of the bed and sat on the small chair . he looked at the patient as she inhaled and exhaled rhythmically , her frail breath barely coloring the oxygen mask . he raised his hand and brushed her thin white hair away . he lightly touched her cheek with the back of his hand , his hand lingering for a few moments more . newline newline  go ahead , doctor .  he whispered , his voice rough and heavy . doctor feldman motioned to the nurse and began adjustments to the nearby computer terminal . moments later , the beeping changed tones . the patient s breathing became erratic and labored , and mr. gorham took her hand into his , gripping it tightly . newline newline  2 minutes , mr . gorham .  the doctor said . the old man nodded and positioned himself close to the patient as he prepared himself to speak . newline newline as the patient opened her eyes , mr. gorham leaned as closely as he could towards her . he had only a moment to see her . newline newline mrs. gorham stared groggily at her husband as the opiates faded from her system . after a few seconds , her eyes sharpened focus . she smiled weakly as she recognized the man in front of her . newline newline  mickey ,  she whispered .  you ve lost weight .  mr. gorham laughed bitterly  she d beaten him to the punchline yet again . as he laughed , mrs. gorham winced involuntarily . the pain had already begun kicking in . newline newline  90 seconds , mr . gorham .  the doctor called out . newline newline mr. gorham nodded and tapped his foot . the accident had nearly destroyed her spine , such that she could only stay lucid for a few moments before suffering extreme pain . it was all he could do to stare at cheryl s face and do his best not to cry . newline newline  what date is it , mickey ?  cheryl asked , her voice wavering in pain . newline newline  november 5 ... 2040 .  mickey whispered , closing his eyes . newline newline  oh ... and what ... what number are we now ?  newline newline  two hundred and nine .  newline newline her face fell as she heard the number . newline newline  what number were we last time ?  newline newline  two hundred fortyseven .  newline newline  when was the last wakeup ?  newline newline  november 5 , 2035 .  newline newline  oh ...  newline newline tears swelled out of mickey s eyes as his heart broke yet again . thirty eight places in line for the transplant . thirty eight fucking places took five fucking years . mickey did nt have the heart to tell her the whole truth  that fortyeight people had skipped ahead of them . that mrs. gorham was older than the new cutoff date for the transplant list . that the new estimated transfer date had been pushed back a decade . newline newline  thirty seconds , mr . gorham .  doctor feldman said . newline newline mr. gorham had so many things he wanted to say . things he could say that might distract his wife for 2 minutes . but he could never follow through , and she always ended up asking the question . he could ve kept her under sedation , could ve skipped one of the waking periods . but he missed her eyes and her voice too much for that . so he said now what he always said at the end of each meeting . newline newline  you ll be fine , cherry . it ll take some time , but i ll get you what you need . do nt you worry about a thing . i love you , and i ll be here the next time you wake up .  newline newline cheryl smiled as her husband squeezed her hand tightly .  i love you too , mick .  newline newline doctor feldman put his hand upon mickey s shoulder .  it s time , mr . gorham .  newline newline  wait for me ?  cheryl whispered , her eyes fading . mickey nodded and squeezed as tightly as he could . newline newline  of course . the snow swirled around them , with their hair just a big ole bag of disaster and their clothes soon to be sopping wet . their smiles were bright , still visible beyond the white curtains hanging all over their perfect moment , those flakes cold yet comforting and the ground untouched by the morning plows and pedal steps . they were happy , for sure . this was the happiest moment of his life . this was the happiest moment i could ever remember . newline newline he slipped slightly on the hidden ice , laughing as she braced him and helped regain his balance . they were standing before the what i so graciously deemed the mausoleum of modern taste , or more commonly known , the eiffel tower . it was corny , yes , and such a cliche , sure , but it was undoubtedly special . she was there . he was there . they were ecstatic , young , perfect for each other . newline newline after a stellar yet underwhelming dinner and a stroll through the more touristy parts of the city , they had arrived at the obelisk so forever associated with romance . their vacation would only last but a week , because they were broke , so broke , too broke to be doing this . but it was worth it . to see the look on her face . to see the sparkle in her eyes and the clasp of her hands over that gorgeous smile , it was worth it . newline newline they were tipsy , maybe a little more than tipsy , but not tipsy enough for him to mess things up . he dropped down to one knee and took her hand . it was happening , his decision to finally grow up . he reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out a tiny red box . its velvet shook mightily as he deftly tugged at the golden string bow and flicked open the lid . newline newline this was his moment , her moment , their perfect little moment . it would last forever in their minds , in their hearts . it would be the start of something really special . newline newline but not before i had a say in the matter . newline newline see , he was dumb . really , really dumb . he could nt do anything right , not ever , so i always had to help him out . i would fix his mistakes when they were too big not to notice , pick him up when he was too down to stand , set him straight when he was too jagged not to break . this is my job . this is what i do . he was dumb , he would mess up , so i had to fix things . that night in paris was no exception . newline newline in turn with his luck and obvious to any scholarly observers , he dropped the ring about 35 minutes prior to proposing . it fell out somehow . i do nt know how , how it was even possible given its confinement , but it happened . so i picked it up . and i held onto it , following them , waiting for the opportunity to set things straight . newline newline so in that moment , with the snow hovering motionless in the air , his fingers just barely forming a crack in the special present s box , with time stopped completely , i gently slid it back into place . he would nt mess this up . not on my watch . newline newline before stepping away , i turned to her . she had nt yet pulled her hands to her face , her shock still prominently shown with her eyes as wide as an ocean . she looked genuinely surprised , genuinely beautiful . i missed this , this closeness and this warmth . it felt ... sobering . it felt as if i could start it all over again , as if me , this silent observer , could live . newline newline but i could nt . this was his moment . so i turned around , starting things back up again and giving him his privacy . my time had come . my time had gone . newline newline this was his moment . newline newline this was his life , his memories . he would live them by himself , with only himself lucky enough to witness . newline newline this was his moment . newline newline  barry ?  newline newline i snapped around . newline newline  barry , is that you ?  newline newline and this was my moment . standing beside her , as he slid that ring so delicately onto her finger , was another woman . was a different woman . was my woman . newline newline i smiled . newline newline  yeah , it s me . you re here too ?  newline newline  i m here too .  newline newline we laughed , chuckling at first , then a giggle , then full blown convulsions . after the funnies died down , i walked slowly to greet her , pausing time again just as those two kids started touching lips . she was here . i was here . we were together again . newline newline we embraced . newline newline  we re dead , barry .  newline newline  yeah .  newline newline she pulled me away , grasping my head with her mittened hands and staring deeply into my eyes . newline newline  do you feel dead ?  she asked . newline newline  no .  newline newline i grinned a knowing grin . newline newline  not anymore . no , i do nt .  newline newline  newline newline i added the second part after feeling a little bit , you know , happy . newline newline check out my website ,  casualhuman.com   http : casualhuman.com  , for more of my short stories .welcome to life newline newline your natural life expired on november 28 , 2020 at 22:38 due to an automobile accident caused by an icy road . newline newline your consciousness was successfully loaded from a backup taken on november 27 , 2020 at 6:00 and has been uploaded to the life network . newline newline please read an accept the terms and conditions for life . you may accept once you ve scrolled to the bottom of the 238th and final page . please note that failure to comply will result in the termination of your posthumous state . newline newline thank you . please select a life package . newline newline life platinum is our premium offering , providing with uninterrupted simulation of your preterminal state with benefits such as accelerated learning , full customization of your appearance , access to special abilities , exclusive areas and items , and unlimited interaction with other life members as well as naturally living friends and family . life platinum is available for  79.99 a month , billed from the currency acquired before death or from a naturally living benefactor . newline newline life standard is our economically friendly package . it has some of the features of life platinum , and is available for only  49.99 a month . newline newline life economy is our free alternative . some of your view may be obscured with advertisements , as well as your personal preferences being altered to align with our sponsors . newline newline thank you . if you would like to upgrade to life standard or life platinum , please go to a life upgrade center , and one of our upgrade staff will assist you . newline newline it appears your mind remembers over 63,826 licensed works . if you would like to continue remembering these works , please pay the licensing fee below , or choose to forget the licensed works . newline newline thank you . deleting licensed works now ... newline ... newline .. newline . newline newline welcome to lifeopening my eyes was far more difficult than usual . i was sweating hard , and i felt constricted , as if i had been tied up . newline newline as my eyes adjusted , i could see the kitchen where i was conceived , but it seemed blurry still . i focused in , and realized i could see part of my reflection . just a window ? ! newline newline damn it ! i thought for sure , my end would nt be like this . not in some cheap oven and definitely not in the stomach of some 6 year old . newline newline i was determined to get out of here and make it out alive . no way would i be baked and eaten like the rest of them . i watched larry and susan get taken alive . their limbs being torn to pieces as those humans heartlessly ripped apart their bodies and formed some sort of sandwich with them . those kids just ripping apart the attached rings and stickers , and licking off the frosting and throwing away the rest as if it meant nothing  never  not to me . not to me . newline newline i had to plan my escape , but being stuck in this tin was no joke . no matter how much i wiggled , i was stuck . had nt these people ever heard of pam ? ! newline newline as i struggled and struggled , i noticed another cupcake rising and waking up . i did not want to startle him right away , so i let him catch his breath before i said anything . if i ... we were going to escape , we needed to do this together . i did nt need a hysterical cupcake . i needed a focused one . newline newline when he finally opened his eyes , he seemed confused , just as i did . he turned towards me without saying a word . just stared in disbelief and shock . newline newline i needed him calm . i guess i would have to break the ice here . newline newline  it s hot in here , huh ?  newline newline  whoa ! a talking cupcake ! ... .and i caught him , of all things , with a fishing pole . a goddamn fishing pole . the new guy let out an astonished whistle before slowly taking a step back .  so ... do you think this is ... ?   his words came out calmer than his now visably rattled composure .  yeah . another victim . help me out , russ .  russell omalley . he s new to the homicide department , and his nerves certainly show it . being only a fresh 20 years old , he s built like a rail and mouthy like an exwife . frizzled , greasy , and unkept auburn hair frames his slender , borderline feminine features and almost hides the numerous freckles along his face . whenever he shows the usual charismatic , toothy grin , his dark , olive colored eyes always smile with him . it s a shame , really . what the hell is a ... a kid like him , doing here ? he could ve been at yale impressing stuffy , uptight professors or wooing the many young , unassuming girls who would ve fought for him . instead , he s here with me . just outside the glowing city of chicago after midnight , sweeping the local pier to check out a call about a possible dead body . we searched for about five minutes looking under the docks until i decided we get on the pier overlooking the merky , cold seawater for a better view . a couple of flicks of my flashlight and careful scanning revealed our corpse . it appeared to be a welldressed white male , possibly with what seemed to be a gaping hole in his chest cavity . quickly , russ and i used a fishing pole left carelessly near a bench to reel in our macabre prey . with a few gunts and  pull harder , damnit !  laters , we had our guy in front of us , the silver moonlight perfectly illuminating him . his soggy , blonde hair was slicked all over his pale face , just barely brushing his lifeless eyelids that were more or less half open . aside from the water , the man s features were perfect even in death . bushy yellow moustache , possibly blue eyes , and a chisled nose with thin , blue lips distinctly indicative of classic drowning . he wore a suave blue business suit unbuttoned with with a crisp , white longsleeved undershirt ruined only by deep burgandy bloodstains and a grievous , fatal chestwound . not to mention he also was wearing a loose crimson necktie , and below his waist , a dark black leather belt with a sleek , golden beltbuckle accompanied by irongray slacks and prestige chocolate italian loafers . no acessories of any kind , which was mysteriously sinister for such an apparently rich man . now , we began the grim , up closeandpersonal task of heaving the slightly decaying , wellpreserved corpse over the rail safeguard and onto the safety of the wooden docks beneath our feet . i tightened my grip on the rubber hilt of the fishing rod before looking over my shoulder to russ .  you ready , kid ?  he solemnly nodded .  good .  i felt the added weight of his warm body against my back as we simultaneously pulled with our last few reserves of strength . the deceased carcass slung over the rail and onto the dock with a sickening thud , as if it were nothing but a horrifying slab of meat . i tossed the fishing rod on the ground as russ and i , exhausted , struggled to gain back the precious mouthfuls of air our victim no longer has the priveilage of being able to taste . the foul stench of death worked it s way up to our nostrils , reminding me of the possible hundreds of cold case files i ve seen in my time as part of the c.p.d. , and making russell retch and violently gag , before hunching over and spitting up a mouthful of yellow phelgum . i was instantly concerned .  shit , kid ! are you gon na be oka ?  he raised up a lone finger in the universal  waitaminute  gesture before wiping his mouth on the dark sleeve of his uniform .  ... yeah .  he wearily smiled , as his eyes slightly watered .  i just get a little seasick from time to time .  maybe he ll fit in nicely after all .  i felt a huge smile work it s way across my face before abruptly stopping it , as i realized our morbid situation . i turned to face the pale , waterlogged handsome man before us . this time , i did nt look over my shoulder .  you ready , kid ?  my voice sounded gruffer than i wanted it to .   ... yeah .   it was going to be a long night . newline newline edit : how was that for a story ? that s my first one here , any feedback and thoughts would be appreciated !we are nt particularly well known . only a few dozen people have actually used our services in the last hundred or so years we ve existed . or so i was told by the last tailor . that s more than enough though , our prices are steep . newline newline today was not exceptional until he arrived . newline newline the door opened slowly , and i felt the hair on the back on my neck stand tall .  hello ? can i help you ?  i waited for a response . someone else is here . a timid voice pierced the silence and called back . newline newline  i hear you make the best suits in town .  my eyes narrowed . newline newline  much higher quality than most but with a terrible return policy unfortunately .  i waited anxiously for the proper coded response . newline newline  ... i am in dire need of a suit that s better than most .  straightening my back i thumbed the hidden control panel underneath the counter . imperceptibly the doors locked , the windows darkened , and to any onlookers there were instantly old weathered wooden boards covering a broken shack of a store where there once was an immaculate apparel destination . as the last of the security protocols processed , our apparel seamlessly folded into the floors and walls as though they were never there . newline newline standing at the door was a young man . his charming looks told me enough about what was required of me . newline newline  come this way , you ought to know how this goes . this is nonrefundable , nonredeemable , and non exchangeable with no option for legal pursuits . do you accept these terms ?  i aimed a pen at the newcomers chest in a spear like motion . his eyes did nt even blink . newline newline  i accept  he took the pen from me gingerly and signed the form i produced from my hidden breast pocket . nodding appreciatively i tutted and tucked the agreement into the unsearchable crevice of my jacket . newline newline snapping my fingers a pair of colorless chairs rose from the previously unoccupied floor . if the gentleman was surprised he did nt show it .  so now what ? do you cut me open and sell my guts on the black market while i run around in some androids body or something ?  i tilted my head . newline newline  what kind of business would i be running if all my customers bodies decayed in the store ? no this is rather simple . sit down and everything will be made clear .  newline newline grunting he ungraciously splayed himself on his seat . sitting down across from him i held my breath as i knew what was going to happen next . instantly bindings crisscrossed my body and restrained me and my chair was replaced with a metal gurney . startled he jumped away only to be restrained by some otherworldly force . newline newline my eyes rolled into the back of my head as i rattled off the agreement again as his eyes slowly turned white as well . newline newline this is nonrefundable ! nonredeemable ! and nonexchangeable ! you have accepted these terms ! newline newline we succumbed to the darkness and passed out . newline newline ... newline newline today was exceptional . i felt around my clothes and watched as the tailor released me with tears streaming down his face .  have a good day sir , enjoy your purchase !  nodding to myself i grinned sadistically as i recognized that pained look in his eyes . being trapped body without any control . i could nt be happier though , today is the day i got finally received my new body . my cat . you killed my cat ...  i mumble quietly , pacing around my kitchen with a large knife in hand . the man looks up at me , fear in his eyes . my phone bleeps  i ignore it . newline newline  you re a psycho , man . just let me go ! i did nt even take anything !  he shouts at me . i laugh . this is the third time i ve been robbed in a month  why ? i have no clue . but after the first two times i knew i had to set something up . i found this man in my garage , and he found me with a knife . my phone bleeps again . again i ignore it . newline newline  the thing is , it s new year s eve . the police will be all tied up , and you ca nt do a thing to stop me , buddy .  i m starting to pace faster , becoming more agitated .  let me tell you a story : this time last year , my best friend was killed . he was hit by a truck , someone under the influence , according to the police reports . he was thirty years old , and had a family . and now because of some moron , he s dead . his children are without a father and his wife without a husband . just imagine how crippling that would be  your life taken away from you . hit by a truck at ninety miles per hour , every bone in your body broken by the sudden impact . thrown across the road , dead instantly ... hopefully . just imagine that for a minute , and then tell me you have it hard .  newline newline he looks at me , terrified , then i see his whole body shake as he begins to cry . i feel nothing . my whole life has collapsed in front of me , and being a sociopath really does nt help . my phone bleeps for a third time . i fish it out of my pocket and see three texts on the screen : newline newline  10:35  caroline  we need to talk .  newline newline  10:42  boss  you re fired .  newline newline  10:45  caroline  i ca nt do this . i m breaking up with you .  newline newline i feel that sensation , as if something s been ripped from my life . well , in a way , it has . my life s pretty much over . everything i ve worked for , gone . i make my way to the man tied up in the centre of my kitchen , and raise the knife ... newline9am . at my desk , and ready to work . newline newline that windows xp chime was comforting . it seemed to say  do nt worry . everything is gon na be okay  ... newline newline it was repetitive . wake up . get to work . computer on . welcome to windows . newline newline username and password . same as every other day . newline newline newline i did nt have much physical interaction with people at work . i was always in the it room , responding to emails , usually with  have you tried turning it off and on again  or  is caps lock on  . the times i did see someone face to face , was usually because their computer actually did break and something actually needed to be replaced . newline newline newline today , however , was different . something felt  off  about the daily order of things . newline newline at first , i could ve sworn someone changed my alarm . i did nt hear that annoying repetitive trilling i was used to . instead , i heard that windows chime that uttered  its all okay  . that s when it all turned to shit . newline newline going over to my phone to turn the alarm off , i realized that my phone , was nt actually on . huh . newline newline i decide to let some light in . pull the curtains back . that s where i freak out . i did nt see buildings for miles like i was used to . no . green , rolling hills . newline newline  calm yourself . maybe you re just hungry .  i say to myself , then head to the kitchen . newline newline i grab some poptarts , and throw em in the toaster , but , leaving the wrapper on the counter , a context menu appears , highlights delete , then flashes briefly before allowing the wrapper to disappear . newline newline at that moment it occurred to me . i am living in windows xp . newlinei was pissed . i did nt even have time to come up with cool last words , i just did the ol  choke and croak because a crouton got stuck in my windpipe . oh well , that s just the crouton crumbles  or does nt  . newline newline it did nt matter . a bright light filled my field of view and the choking sensation felt like it was floating out of me .  shit ! i m dying !  i screamed , but i think i was already gone at that point . figures . newline newline when the lights faded , leaving me with a splitting headache i might add , i found myself at the foot of a smiley , robed lumberjack holding a giant key , standing on a cloud . he smiled when he saw me and held out his hand . i took it and he pulled me to my feet . newline newline  i m dead , are nt i ?  i said . newline newline  yes you are , richard . i m pete .  newline newline  why does my head hurt if i m dead ? newline newline  you re imagining things . anyway , you ve got one more trial to pass before you get to heaven .  newline newline  i choked on a fucking crouton ! is nt that trying enough ?  newline newline  that s irrelevant . here in heaven , we try to give everybody the same chances . entry to heaven used to be based on one s resume of good and evil deeds , but the board of archangels and the superintendent decided that was unfair because some people have more chances to do good than others . so ,  he clapped his hands excitedly ,  we came up with something a little more fair ! a test ! all you have to do is answer a question ! simple , fair , and efficient ! we call it the no soul left behind program .  newline newline  a test ?  i groaned .  let s just get it over with .  newline newline  why ?  chimed pete , his manic smile consuming his face like a parasite . newline newline  uh , because i just want to get in already .  newline newline  no , no ,  said pete ,  that s the test . you just have to answer the question why ?   newline newline  why what ?  i huffed . i did nt die just to deal with more idiocy . newline newline  just ... why ?   said pete , shrugging his shoulders nonchalantly . newline newline  okay then , fine , gim me a minute .  i paused and thought . and thought some more . i do nt know how long i was thinking , but eventually i spoke up  because no matter how you die , whether it s in a battlefield or at the dining table , you were a living , human being that counted and your death does nt invalidate that .  newline newline  wrong !  pete chirped . he gave a thumbs down and like that , i fell through the clouds . newline newline  what was the answer ?  i called as i fell further and further , and the temperature rose and rose . newline newline  to get into heaven , of course !  shouted pete . his voice was the last thing i heard before i landed face first into a lake of fire . i m not sure of this ...  i say to my girlfriend . newline newline  nonsense , that old saloon piano of your was out of tune and falling apart , plus , this new keyboard will be so much classier !  she says ,  i bought it from a church sale ! they were raising money to fund a mission trip to africa , i got it for a steal .  newline newline i look at the organ that has replaced the old saloon piano , i could nt help it but something about it just creeps me out . newline newline     newline newline i ve started wearing capes ... capes are cool right ? my girlfriend has nt spoken to me in a week , apparently i ve been spending too much time playing the organ . i ll show her , i ll show them all ! newline newline       newline newline vork called . they ve let me go . no matter , notheeng matters as long as i have my beloved orgeen . newline newline       newline newline the new curteens ave arrived today . gud . the sun as been leaving the strangest rash on my sken . newline newline        newline newline thee strangest theing append today . the organ burned me when my hand touched the holy symbol left from that church on it . luckily i still had the power sander in thee garage . newline newline      newline newline sometheen is most wrong , tonight ees pizza night , but vhen the delivery girl reached the door ... the thick vein on her neck seemed much more appealing to me than the greasy cheese concoction in the box . this will not do , people vill be looking for her . preparations must be made ! newline newline     newline ze police are at ze door ! foolish mortals ! do nt you know that mere bullets can not stop ze mighty count steve of elm street ! veep and pray vor tonight my reign of terror shall begin ! newline newline now to exact my revenge on bob ! i know he has been stealing my paper ! and for that he will be the first to join my vicked thrall , then of to my former girlfriend , for leaving me i shall make her my bride for all eternity ! ! ! newline newline     newline newline not exactly what the prompt probably had in mind but once the idea was in my brain it would nt go away !hi and welcome to this space newline please remember to keep the pace newline as we take a tour through this place . newline newline the first thing you see to your right newline is every sunset melting into the night newline is nt it a beautiful sight ? newline newline flip through all the pages and you ll see newline the gorgeous colors and silhouetted trees newline ending every day that i m allowed to be . newline newline the next room on the left side newline is a special room where i like to hide newline the ebb and flow of love s tide . newline newline warm and inviting , full and exciting newline sit in here a bit and find it enticing newline it s difficult to leave , you might end up crying . newline newline keep up , we have a bit more to go newline in the center , we ll watch a show newline consisting of all that ever was a woe newline newline the hard times and the pain newline the sad moments pouring down like rain newline dreams that were washed out the drain newline newline do nt get too depressed , here pull this rope newline it s what i have used to cope . newline pull softly and you ll understand  it s hope . newline newline for every pain and every hurt , every evil ploy newline every broken promise , every broken toy ... newline only increased my capacity for greater joy . newline newline i ve learned that the only thing in life to fear newline the only thing of which to stay clear , newline is indifference of your peer . newline newline so when i say these words though they may be few newline believe me honestly , because they are true . newline i  without judgement or conditions  love you . newline newline thank you for taking this little tour newline it s getting late , we close at four , newline here , i ll show you to the door ... newlinethey d lost two already newline newline the third had gone dark newline newline the fear had been spreading newline newline despair left its mark newline newline      newline newline newline they d done all they could do newline newline with the time they had left newline newline they needed someone new newline newline they needed the best newline newline      newline newline with the hour growing late newline newline they had made the call newline newline the cost would be great newline newline for the man above them all newline newline      newline newline he strode in with pride newline newline the crowd became hushed newline newline they were awed by his stride newline newline their fear has been crushed newline newline      newline newline could he be the one ? newline newline the great man of myth ? newline newline the mostfavored son ? newline newline the heavensent gift ? newline newline      newline newline he entered the room newline newline and approached the dark blight newline newline it was black as a tomb newline newline save for one flashing light newline newline      newline newline but with a grunt and a squint newline newline with a whir and a clang newline newline the printer could print ! newline newline praise the it guy s name ! newline newline newline      newline  not exactly about ascension i know , but when i thought of who the most transcendent human being was , it was someone who understood how printers worked !  cmon , they ca nt be that strong . that s just goddamn stupid . what kind of species evolves like that ?  the burly man took a long draught from the mug , the foamy crest of the commissioned beverage leaving faint moisture on the tip of his nose . newline newline his companion s mug was already empty  whatever droplets remained had been licked dry . he cradled his head in his hands , gazing at nothing . newline newline  i m telling you , zhang , the fucking seropa tore through the armor like it was tissue paper . that was gradea , topoftheline ceramic fiber , polymer matrix composite shit . that s the kinda stuff they want to deploy ten years from now .  there was a sharp intake of breath from zhang . newline newline  so what ? the guy s dead now ? how the hell did they even get the frames ?  zhang s companion chuckled , turning his head to face the burly man . newline newline  that s the thing  the seropa just cradled him like he was some kind of newborn . the only reason we know the cpa did nt just magically tear itself apart was the framebyframe analysis . then it just set him down and kept moving towards its ship .  newline newline  sheeeeit , that s nuts .  newline newline  that s not even the worst part . you know what ti did once it got back to its ship ? it dragged out a crate , bullets bouncing off the hull and its hide like goddamn kids  toys , and then left the crate there . by the time the co let the boys get close , the techs had already scanned it . completely inert .  newline newline  what was in it ?  newline newline  food ! water ! a portable shelter ! all calibrated for an organism with average body temperature thirtysevenpointzerogoddamndegrees .  newline newline  nah , now you re just fucking with me . this furry superman left supplies for the twelve guys who spent two hours trying to put it down .  newline newline  that s exactly what i m telling you , there s no winning with these fucking things . they re like if deer were nt retarded , had fusion power , opposable thumbs , and stood on two legs . oh , and could tear us apart with their bare hands .  newline newline  and they re nicer than us .  newline newline  yup .  newline newline zhang drained what remained of his beer and slammed his mug on the counter . newline newline  we re fucked .  do you ever watch where you re going ?  said an irritated voice to my right . newline newline  hmm ? what ?  i turned to see a pipe cleaner halo bobbing in my face . newline newline  like , just look at you ,  said the young woman a few inches below it . she wore a shirt with the word  angelic  written across it in rainbow letters while puppies and kittens danced around it , each of them flipping the bird .  you must think you own this street . newsflash buzzkill : there are other people here . have some consideration for once in your middleclass life .  she took a deep swig of her latte and snorted in disgust . newline newline  exexcuse me ?  i asked . i have a policy on strangers : they stay strange and i stay away . i like to keep it that way .  i , uh , did nt see you there . sorry .  i started down the crosswalk . newline newline she scoffed and followed after me , right at my side .  does nt that just figure ? you think you can just walk all over everyone , do nt you ?  she cast a sidelong glance dripping with disdain . newline newline  maam , i m just trying to get to work . i m late as it is .  newline newline  oh i get you lording your cushy little corner office over us little people  right ? yeah , i get you , i know your kind .  newline newline  maam , i work minimum wage in a cubi  newline newline  just , wow . interruption much ? just , the privilege is choking the air around here .  she scrunched her nose and began fanning herself , her halo bobbing crazily above her . i noticed she had little fabric wings attached to her backpack , too . newline newline  hey now , you stopped me okay ? i need to get into work and you re slowing me dow  newline newline  you know , some people do nt have jobs , okay ? did you even stop to think about that ? do you even care ? it is nt my job to educate you , you know .  she began texting on her phone .  believe me , some people have it way worse than you do . show some consideration , mkay ?  newline newline i stopped and turned to her . she ignored me .  what ... what are you even going on about ? ! just ... i mean ,  i stuttered .  what is your problem ? !  newline newline she sighed and looked up at me with the sort of pity usually reserved for braindamaged animals .  seventeen seconds ,  she said , glancing at her phone .  it had better be enough , because this conversation is over ,  she said with a singsong tone .  later hater .  and so she wandered off , halo bobbing and wings flopping . newline newline i could have screamed . i wanted to stand there and stamp my feet . instead i clenched my fists and stormed down the crossing , oblivious to the world . how could she just ... i mean , what was that even ... how could anyone be so clueless and infuriating ? ! newline newline a moment later , as i was halfway down the walk , all i saw was a flash of color and the screech of tires on pavement . startled , i fell backwards and turned to see a truck skidding on the icy pavement as it came to a stop down the street . newline newline my heart pounded in my chest . if i d been just a little earlier ...as i careened my car into oncoming traffic , i knew i would wake up . i had lived this day exactly like this only once , but i had lived the last 12 years thousands of times . i lost count so many centuries ago , but it always started in the same place , and it always ended more or less like this . the method was different  sometimes it was a gun to my head , or a little too much time spent on train tracks , but this was my favorite . it was so easy to shift the wheel and close my eyes . newline newline i knew the basic premise of my curse : i  d relived countless other little moments before in my lifei  d mistakenly walked into traffic , and flashed back to that morning . i  d been in an airplane crash , and gone back to the day i bought the ticket . each time , i had the opportunity to fix my mistakes , but those were simple . it  s easy to look before you step , or buy a different ticket . it  s a lot harder to let go of 12 years of your life and start over . nine of those years would be perfect , and three would be hell . i spent centuries finetuning and tweaking small details to try to alter that fate and prevent what i knew would always hit me one day : the misery that would turn into a compulsion to die . newline newline i woke up in my bed , in my apartment . the first day was always painful , but sweet : the residual injuries always left me sore , but the depression and anxiety were lifted . it was a cruel prank the universe played on me : zoloft had nothing on time travel . my outfit for the day had been picked out for a thousand years already . it needed to be sexy but workappropriate . i slid the dress off the hanger , and threw on a sweater i already knew i  d remove later . my hair was curled , and my makeup was applied skillfully , with more practice behind my hand than you could imagine . i threw on a pair of kitten heelssexy but not too tallbefore heading out the door . newline newline work was exactly what i expected . i was new , and trained with claire , but she was always so surprised how quickly i picked everything up . i would be a star employee in a few months , and she  d be passed over for a management position because of me in a couple years . sometimes i took the offer , and sometimes i didn  t , but for now we were friends . i surprised her with lunch , and she  d ask me to go with her to happy hour at a little club nearby . her boyfriend was a singer in a crappy cover band , and she was always dragging coworkers along to hear him play . newline newline at 5:07 pm , we finished our work for the day and i followed her around the corner . i took my sweater off and draped it over my bag , and got out of the car . newline newline  you  re going to love them ! i know it . dan and his band have been playing here for years and everyone just loves them . his voice is raspy , and sexy , and  i never heard the end of that sentence , always drowned out by bar noise . it was dark and crowded but i knew exactly where she was headed and followed with ease . the cigarette smoke weighed heavy in my throat , but i breathed deep anyway . it felt good to be back here , in this moment . the familiar taste of weedstuffed black  mild  s felt like home on my tongue . newline newline claire dragged me to the corner closest to the stage and i ordered a singlemalt scotch on the rocks . i  d wanted to seem sophisticated the first time we came here , but as the years bore on i began to enjoy the flavor . i didn  t choke it down  i sipped , smoothly and calmly , relishing every sensation . this did only come once ever 12 years , after all . as i sat at the bar , i mulled the next few moments and the choices i would have to make . in truth , i knew what the universe wanted me to change . the catalyst had been obvious the first time i flashed back , but i never took the path the fates laid out for me . i had been searching for another way out for as long as i could remember . i would change anything else . anything but this . newline newline the bartender poured me another drink and i waited for george to find me , as he always did . i couldn  t hear him approach , but i knew the exact second he would , and my body relaxed knowing he was here with me once more . it had been years since we  d spoken , but i could see his face like a painting in my mind , young again . i didn  t have to turn to see his smile , all sunshine and dimples as his hand brushed my shoulder . i simply leaned back and let him whisper ,  would you like to dance ?  newline newline i knew what i should have done , but this moment was worth it . every time . newlinethe telltale hiss of leaking plasma awoke the groggy captain . all around monitors and control panels chimed with errors and warnings . the captain did nt need a million credits worth of useless sensors to recognize their current condition . decades of experience flying everything from crater crawlers to fo haulers gave the captain a keen intuition of ship conditions . a skill that was necessary if you wanted to stay alive in the void . it was failing now . the once proud ship was a broken rock silently falling towards the open maw of an eager planet . newline newline judging from the perfectly centered dot occupying the view port they still had weeks , months maybe to meet their fate . propulsion down , secondaries offline , gauss banks discharging rapidly , emergency power rapidly failing . at this point it would have been faster to list what still worked . newline newline the captain took a deep breath and keyed his intercom . a routine action he had done thousands of times before , but sadly he realized , there would nt be many more . newline newline  crew . they always said newton s laws of motions were the deadliest s.o.bs this universe has ever known . soon we are going to find out . all propulsion systems are inop , emergency power is failing . we re floating , lights off , to our primary target 7.3 megameters an hour too fast . it has been a pleasure serving with you all , join me tonight in the mess hall so we can test the emergency bottles of scotch . newline newline godspeed .  newline newlinei ve never written a wp before newline newline i wanted food , not flesh . real , warm , cooked food . i could almost remember what certain foods tasted like . the long , stringy intestines i was eating now barely generated a response from my taste buds . newline newline i m not sure which kill this was . there have been so many . i could hardly remember the girl s face or features through the red haze that overcomes me when prey ... i mean people , are near . newline newline i look across the mangled corpse to the others like me . i m not sure if they can think , and feel , like i can . as of now they re so engrossed in tearing the young girl s limbs off that they do nt seem like much more than mindless animals . newline newline there were times when i thought i was regaining control of my body . when no prey was around i ve been able to slowly move my limbs , even a couple steps in a certain direction . i ve long given up the notion , especially after catching a glimpse of myself in a mirror . there is nt much left to regain control of . newline newline when the haze takes over it feels like thousands of red hot needles shoot through my body all at once . my limbs feel more powerful than they ve ever been , and i feel no pain . nothing matters besides catching the prey i and feeding . in a way it feels liberating , to be reduced to my most basic animal instincts . newline newline a gunshot echoes in the distance . newline newline my entire body tenses . i can feel the fiery needles begin to shoot down my exposed spine . i try to stop myself , try to stop my legs from moving in the direction of the shot . i try to cry out in terror and pain as the haze takes over my entire body , and slowly my mind . the red haze blots out my eyes and i only have one thought as i sprint , shrieking at the top of my lungs . newline newline feed .i looked away from the laptop screen , my eyes strained from reading . i paused a moment , my fingers poised above the keys , ready to unleash the fury of snark on an unsuspecting internet . the person had a point . newline newline why did every post contain a reference to god . why could nt we , as a species , quit it already ? newline newline even in an atheist world consumed with materialism , on a message board where you gained respect for how much disdain you treated religion with ... people could not let go of the concept of god . newline newline i closed my laptop and placed it aside . pausing only to grab my fedora i left my apartment and started to wander the streets . what was it about the concept of god that even the most virulent , autistic atheist still preferred their fiction to have a spiritual flavor ? newline newline the night fog had began to set in and my foot steps sounded hollowly on the pavement . the smell of stale alcohol , fetid piss , car exhaust ... the scent of humanity s collective triumphant assaulted me . the monotonous , drab buildings , stone and steel shaped to the minds of men decorated the dim city . all of it so sterile , so lifeless . i paused as i passed a mosiac painted on a wall . it was meant to bring color to the dullness , life to the lifeless city but all it did was remind of me of the emptiness of human creation . divine creation gave us a universe of flowers and bees , morning sun glancing of rolling waves upon the ocean , the song of the nightingale ... was that the answer ? newline newline i paused to consider , leaning against a wall i pulled out an unfinished cigar and lit it , looking up at the night sky as i exhaled the tang of tobacco , tried to see the stars . a million little lights placed in the heavens by a god who obviously delighted in delighting us . all of it blanked out by the human need to be constantly busy , to never sleep . newline newline give me a drag ?  the voice grated on my ears . it was the voice of a throat scorched by too much alcohol , the voice of a spirit cowed from too much begging , the voice of a man broken by life . shabby coat , threadbare shoes , unshaven , a vagueness to his eyes . human , splendidly human . newline newline i smiled at him . a genuine smile . i could not remember my last genuine smile . as i smiled at him it seemed i smiled at myself . newline newline its yours .  i said , handing him my still burning cigar . newline newline thank you .  he replied . newline newline take this too .  i added , handing him my fedora , i do nt need it anymore . newline newline god bless you .  he whispered newline newline he already has . a sudden lurching woke me up . newline newline  oh god oh god oh god !  i screamed , trying to continue from where i left off only to realize i was no longer falling off a cliff . i quickly shut my mouth when i noticed people were staring at me . newline newline i checked myself and found no scrapes , bruises , or anything missing . just regular me and what i was wearing before i had slipped off the mountain trail to the rocks below . newline newline i found myself on a seat , in a train , which had just started moving . to my right , a man stared at me with an amused look before returning to his newspaper . the others had fixed their eyes forward again . newline newline  excuse me , sir ,  i said to the man on my right . newline newline  yes ?  he replied , setting his paper down . he looked old , perhaps in his late sixties , with a grey beard dominating his face and nothing else . newline newline  well uh ... this is all strange to me . i was just falling off a cliff and now i m ... here . i guess i m dead ?  newline newline  ah , so this is your first time .  he moved his paper aside and shifted in his seat .  i have nt heard of one of your kind in a while now . yes , i regret to inform you that you are dead .  newline newline a surge of surreality washed over me . i could understand dead . my sudden attempt to make peace with god as i plummeted revealed i had already accepted that . but first time ? newline newline  of course it s my first time . you only get one time .  newline newline  that ,  he said after a brief pause ,  is not true at all , actually .  newline newline he reached into his pocket and pulled out a slip of paper . on it was a 10 x 10 grid with holes punched through most of them in no perceivable order .  this is my ticket ,  he said .  each hole is a trip i ve made on this train . mine s been punched seventythree times so far .  newline newline i looked up from the ticket to him .  you ve died seventythree times ?  newline newline  seventyfour , actually . the conductor has nt made his rounds yet . when he does you can give him yours . check in your pocket .  newline newline i slipped my hand into my pocket and felt a piece of paper . i pulled it out and saw a similar ticket his , only mine had no holes punched . newline newline  how have you died so many times , but not me ?  newline newline  well i ve been around for a while ,  the old man said .  you , on the other hand , you were a recent addition . i d say you re about what , twentyfive ? twentyseven ?  newline newline  yeah , twentyseven ,  i said . newline newline  twentyseven years ...  he said as he stared out the window beside him , stroking his beard . blurry glimpses of an outside raced by his face . by now the train was moving at a steady pace , ever so often jostling as it ran its course .  twentyseven years ... i think i remember you .  newline newline  what do you mean , remember me ? do you mean from your past life ?  newline newline  oh no ,  he said with a hearty chuckle .  you see , we usually get cycled back through after spending some time in the other side . death is like taking the bench to get a breather in a sports game . you recuperate , maybe talk with the coach a bit , and then head back in there . newline newline  a new soul , however , that s not a common thing . it happens from time to time , and when it does there s a powerful reason , planned far in advance . i heard about you on my last trip to the other side .  newline newline  no , you re probably thinking of someone else ,  i said , shifting my gaze away to the seat in front of me .  i did nt do much of anything remarkable in my life , i do nt think .  newline newline  do nt sell yourself short ,  he said , with a stern look .  we all are sent with a mission and we do nt come back until it s done . i m sure it will come to you in time .  newline newline i did nt take the chance to respond . i did nt want to discourage him , he seemed like a nice guy after all , very friendly . i thought about my life . what could i have done of any significance ? newline newline a door behind me slid open .  tickets please !  a voice shouted . i gave the man my ticket . he punched a hole right in the middle . i expected him to say something about my blank slate , but he just moved on and punched others  tickets . newline newline i stared at the hole , a permanent mark of death on my previously unblemished record . how many more times will i find myself here , getting holes punched for meaningless lives ? why was i a recent addition ? newline newline  what should i do when we get to the other side ?  newline newline  not sure for you . but you ll find out when we arrive ,  the man said .  do nt worry , just sit back and enjoy the rest of the trip .  he returned to his paper .the boards creaked quietly as i trod across the makeshift stage . my subject already sat in the chair , hastily placed in the centre for my act . newline newline the crowd silently watched and waited , as i spoke to her in soft , rhythmical tones . she was the one i  d chosen  many had volunteered but she was the most pliable  most likely share her secrets , entertain the crowd , play along . newline newline i performed my part and she did hers . the crowd laughed , stared and gasped as i led her through the acts carefully planned for her in advance . newline newline all that was left was to bring her back . the crowd went quiet , waiting expectantly for the count . newline newline  5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1  newline newline my fingers clicked , and i woke up . sir , we have intercepted their message !  newline newline that d be officer joe , the company sergeant . always proper protocol for him . there s always these types all over new alien contact . no fart jokes or innuendos with him around . newline newline  i m no sir , joe . what does it say ?  newline newline  that s the problem , sir . we have the data , but we do nt have the decoder ring yet . we are missing something key to their communication structure .  newline newline communication structure . structure . these new guys were diminutive in size , and had no real bone structure to speak of . in many ways they evolved like us , in the water , but instead of focusing on hardening and protection their evolution schema was all about cooperation . so they evolved to work in groups early and communicate effectively using chemical secretions . newline newline  that s it !  , i said and communicated that to joe . newline newline  i m afraid that i still do nt understand , sir .  newline newline  their physical structure prevents them from fully comprehending sound waves . our ears are really sensitive compared to the rest of our bodies for sound waves , but imagine if our whole bodies vibrated to the sound waves .  newline newline  that would explain why their reaction to our first physical contact ... they must have thought we were attacking them . so how do they communicate  newline newline  it seems that it is mostly chemical , although we are missing something . chemical communication is common , even back on earth , but they problem with it is that it is really really slow at long range communication . if they built a spacefaring civilization on just how bad their sock smelled i d be damned impressed .  newline newline  please sir , keep the jokes to a minimum . we both know how easy it is to impress new alien races on first contact . remember the jorjacks ?  newline newline  how could i ever forget their ugly faces . i wish i could just unsee those ... teeth ... ! ! ! ! sight !  newline newline  sight ?  newline newline  for long range communication they relied on sight . they would do this neat trick to relay information : secrete a special chemical and all of their direct neighbors would form a complex 3d pattern , which another relay  miles away  would replicate perfectly . god , our 2020 vision would be considered legally blind .  newline newline  can you slow down , sir ?  newline newline ignoring him , i start scribbling on a napkin .  layers ... refractions ... distance ... god , the competition required for this level of adaptation ...  newline newline joe stands patiently by  he s seen me in this mood before . newline newline i sit back and look at what i have . it s crude  i know , but it s probably the closest thing we have to a rosetta stone for these creatures . newline newline  get me the message , in it s raw binary form . and stop calling me sir   newline newline  right away , sir  newline newline after 7 cups of coffee , and a solid 17 hours of work . i have come up with the first couple words . i ca nt help but laugh at their sense of humor . the words were :  mostly harmless .  it was nt russia ?  the speaker had lost all of his composure in the last hour . most of the delegates were impressed he d lasted that long . nuclear warheads ! deployed without any warning , without any spy agency being tipped off ! not just a single bomb , twelve bombs had wiped away civilizations that had fought each other for thousands of years . newline newline  it was not .  the russian ambassador took another drink . he was on his second bottle of you re not supposed to have that in here .  newline newline  and it was nt israel .  newline newline israel shook his pale face . they d be faced with radioactive storms for decades . newline newline  and not the us , or france , or the united kingdom ... india ? pakistan ?  the speaker had both elbows on the podium and a lost look in his eyes . newline newline india and pakistan both stood up from their chairs , eyed each other with suspicion ,  no .  they looked at each other again in surprise . newline newline  well who the hell is left ? north korea ? south korea stole their nuke cores five years ago . they ve been playing with duds for half a decade .  newline newline the south korean ambassador shot to his feet ,  you said you not tell about that !  he stopped , looked embarrassed and then sat back down . newline newline  turkey ? germany ? belgium ?  the speaker faced suited representatives shaking their heads and shrugging their shoulders in confusion . newline newline  it was us .  newline newline every head in the room turned to the representative from spain . he leaned back in his chair with a smug expression on his face . newline newline  no one expects the spanish nuclear fission !  newlinethe phone rings , startling me back to reality from the mindless tv movie that s somehow kept me occupied for the past hour . newline newline  hello ?  newline newline  lily , hey . are you coming over tonight ? do nt back down , we re expecting you . and gabriel s also here ... waiting for you .  newline newline  uh ... okay .  the second i said that i knew i should nt have agreed to go to the party . but it was friday night , and even though i already had my wine for the evening , i could be allowed some more fun .  i just have to get ready , alright ?  newline newline  see you then .  helen hangs up just as my doorbell rings . odd , i do nt usually get any visitors this late in the evening . i approach the window by my door only to see josh , one of my senior students , eagerly waiting outside . i open the door to greet him . newline newline  josh , what are you doing here ? is everything okay ?  newline newline  ms carroll ?  he replies and apparently is just as surprised as i am .  i  i m sorry to bother you , it s just that my car broke down at the intersection . i m trying to get some help but a lot of people are out this evening .  newline newline  yes , of course . what do you need ?  newline newline  a flashlight for now until i figure out what s wrong . mind if i come in ? i m really thirsty .  newline newline  sure ,  i reply , stepping aside and motioning for josh to come in . i close the door behind him and turn around only to see the tip of a knife inches away from my throat . with a gasp , i step back to get out of harm s way but the door does nt allow me to go far . newline newline  wwhat are you doing ?  the words barely audible as i start to shake uncontrollably . newline newline he pulls me by the arm , knife still very close to my throat , and orders me to sit down on a chair . a million reasons for this unexpected event go through my head but none of them make any sense . he finally breaks the silence as he begins tying my hands behind my back . newline newline  it s nothing personal , ms. carroll , but i had a dream last night that you were on your way to a party , a little buzzed if i may add , and you cut off my little sister . she lost control of the vehicle and crashed . she died , and of course , you continued on your merry way . i do nt think that s fair , not the least bit , so i m going to prevent that from happening .  he kneels in front of me .  i see your empty wine glass over there , i m guessing you were on your way out soon ?  newline newline for some reason , i nod my head . i know i m incriminating myself , but there s serious doubt in my mind that josh is going to kill me , especially over a dream . newline newline  no surprise there .  he gets up to walk closer to me , then grabs a handful of my hair to jerk my head back until we re eye to eye .  care to make peace ? this is your last chance .  newline newline  josh , you ca nt   newline newline without warning , he plunges the knife deep into my abdomen . i cry out in shock as the pain completely disables me . for a moment , the world around me is nonexistent , and after the longest seconds of my life , the rope around my wrists becomes loose . i feel arms on my back and behind my knees and look up to josh with tears running down the side of my face . he carries me to the couch and carefully lies me down , this gesture not something i d expect from the kid who came to my house to kill me . newline newline  ms. carroll , i hope you know that ...  newline newline his voice fades out along with my vision , and i awake to some dealership commercial on tv . my hands immediately go to my abdomen and much to my relief , there is nt a knife in sight . what an odd dream . just then , the phone rings . newline newline  hello ?  newline newline  lily , hey . are you coming over tonight ? do nt back down , we re expecting you . and gabriel s also here ... waiting for you .  newline newline after a few moments of silence , i tell helen i d be right over . in a rush , i grab my jacket and bolt for the door . no josh in sight , thankfully , even though that would have been silly . as i m driving to helen s , my hair a mess and my face free of any makeup , traffic slows down at a major intersection . once it resumes , i pull up to the light , but a cop signals me to stop . off to my right , there s a big mess of an accident , some car that had wrapped itself around a pole . i manage to notice the blood on the pavement as well . someone from within the scene gets up  they look unscathed  and he turns to look at me . josh . he shakes his head at me with a stare that sends chills down my spine . newline newline tap tap tap newline newline i jump in my seat , turning to look at the officer shining a flashlight inside my vehicle . i lower the window . newline newline  is there a problem , officer ?  newline newline  maam , mind if we ask you a few questions ? your vehicle fits the description of our suspect .  newline newline  uh yeah , of course .  i drive around and pull off to the curb . once i exit the car , the officer blinds me with his flashlight again . newline newline  have you been drinking this evening maam ?  newline newline  yes . well , i mean , only a little bit . i had a glass of wine but i slept it off   newline newline  turn around and place your hands behind your back ,  he orders . newline newline  wait , what ?  newline newline  i m not going to tell you twice .  newline newline the officer was nt budging . i do as he says and sigh when the cold hard steel makes contact with my wrists . he walks me to the back of his patrol car and shuts the door once i m seated . i turn to look at the scene and notice josh standing still , looking straight at me with a wicked smile on his face .at first they called her allamerican girl , before the hero she modeled herself after  the original allamerican  disappeared . he was a hulk of a man , if i ever saw one , and there was never a terror he wouldn  t face without his fists . it used to be that he  d charge into battle and dominate the field . this girl  s not on his level but she carries her own strength . even now , as she faces down twelve of my men , she doesn  t blink an eye  even though i know it must be hard for her . my men are some of the most elite you  ll ever meet , having come from various backgrounds of exmilitia , mercenary work or a mixture of both . she  s not doing that well , if i have to be honest . it probably doesn  t help that there are cameras on her , broadcasting this to the public at large . i  m looking at my cell phone and i know that this is going viral as we speak . newline newline allamerican is a pretty good brawler but the men i  ve got are practically making mincemeat out of her . i don  t even think i  ll have to touch her . once i  m done with this , i  m planning to fasttrack my plan for national takeover . i  ve promised some politicians a few positions here and there to keep them mostly off my back . there  s some opposition in those circles too  the ones who want to do right by their country . they won  t last long . in a way , i think i  m fighting for the same thing she  s fighting for  but she  s going about it all wrong . what america needs is someone to tell it what to do and keep it strictly in line , not some freedomfighting cheerleader who  s clearly too young to see how humans fuck up everything . am i saying i  m better than most humans ? nah , i don  t think so  but individuality is part of the problem  this whole protection of people  s sense of self is just leading nowhere . what you need to do is force people into the same way of thinking , eliminate the differences and then you have the foundation for some actual peace . i  m not claiming to be an angel , but since i  m the only one doing anything about it , people are just gon na have to follow my lead . i  m making sure things happen for this country . newline newline no one  s coming to help allamerican . there are a lot of stronger superheroes out there , some with actual superpowers who would put up a better fight . most of those superheroes are worries of the past , since i took them out . see ? i have a plan . the only superheroes left really are the wannabes like allamerican 2.0 or the ones who weren  t really much of heroes to begin with . newline newline i look down at the battle and i  m disappointed . allamerican has taken out a good fair share of my men . i should  ve known better than to underestimate her . she  s not that impressive but there  s a certain resilience to her that shouldn  t be undermined . i often do that when it comes to her , she exudes that kind of vibe . newline newline her costume is bloodied . as i descend a nearby staircase , i remained cloaked in shadows as i watch her attempt to take on five men at once . newline newline  stop !  i yell , pulling out a revolver . my bullet will hit right in between the eyes of allamerican and i  m pretty sure of it . i  m a good shot . newline newline  some men you are . can  t even take out taylor swift playing dress up ,  i smirk . my men are annoyed , but i don  t care . shame is a useful weapon when it comes to teaching and i can not afford to welcome the next dogooder with a display like this . i might not be there to deal with the next one . newline newline allamerican flips towards me , i guess in some attempt to kick the gun out of my grip . i use my free hand to grab one of her legs and smack her into a nearby pillar . she cries out in agony as she hits the ground , but i grab her by the neck pressing her up to the pillar . newline newline  why are you doing this ?  she asks , and a tear is actually streaming down her face . newline newline  for a better america.  newline newline  you can  t honestly believe that ,  she says .  you  re everything that america doesn  t stand for . your whole manifesto is basically mind control , it  s taking away everything that makes a person an actual person . how can you even look yourself in the mirror and call yourself the patriot ?  newline newline that  s what i call myself : the patriot . newline newline  how can you do it ? we  re fighting for a better america , i  m fighting for my future . you can stop this , patriot . they say you used to be good , that you used to be one of us . if you really were , you  d stop this now . you  d stop.  newline newline she  s right when she says i used to be one of them . she doesn  t know how right she is . newline newline i press my gun to her temple .  this is the only way america can have a future . this is the only way america can be a place of peace , a good place for the future . people like you , with your wild ideas of freedom and creativity will always be a threat to the norms of society . people like you will always be what  s wrong with america . people like you bring change that can not be regulated . what the world needs now is order  not your brand of dogooder chaos.   newline newline i used to share the same dream she did . i used to think that by fighting for freedom , i was doing america a favor . i used to be just as allamerican as she says she is . i used to be just like her until a group of people cornered the love of my life on a lonely road on a winter night and took a slugger to his skull . i used to think that fighting for america meant something  until i saw that there will always be differences that create chaos . so i will forge a better america with my own hands . newline newline i pull the trigger and rip off her mask . and the dream she has , the dream she thinks is worth something dies with her . newline newline and as she dies , i look into her eyes and i recognize her green eyes , her blonde hair . a face i  ve seen a thousand times . hayley morris , my late fianc  s younger sister . once a promising mit student , now a crime fighter . newline newline i don  t remove my mask . i don  t let her know who i am . newline newline i used to be allamerican . i used to feel allamerican . newline newline now i feel like no one . newline newlinenewline shit . i remember this from when i was just a youngen , a teen with power , sigh ! time does fly . newline newline hey sally come look at what i found , i buried it in the back garden years ago.  . newline newline  what now tim ? i ve got to finish clearing mums room out .  chirps sally . newline newline look it s my creativy box from way back when we used to mess around in fathers garage , it only took me a week to make .  newline newline wow , thats.. well amazing , fuck look  just there , all the detail you put into that peice .  newline newline i know , quick pass me that magnifying glass from dads tool box . aww , look it s got some living creatures on it .  newline newline what are they ?  newline newline i ca nt quite remember . in fact i always made a note of everything and taped it to the inside of the box , wait a sec .  newline newline ahh yes here we go ,  newline newline newline dear tim of the future ,  newline newline this is your creativity box , what lies within is a place you called the universe . two creatures reside within , humans and animons , let them develop and provide help when needed. newline newline fuck . the daemon you get tells everybody how and what you really are . until you are 18 years old friends and family think and assume you are sensitive or strong or driven , but they can never actually know . because your daemon keeps changing form depending on your mood , and when you are growing up and figuring out the world around you it is expected for you to be moody . but at 18 years old your daemon matures as you do and keeps the form that most fits your character and personality . newline newline newline that  s what makes the first 18 years of your life really difficult for everyone around you . my parents were always afraid of me . i was always a rebel , always asking how and why and mostly ,  why not ?  everything i wanted to do , i would do it , no matter the dangers . i was curious and unstoppable . it was mesmerizing , but frightening at the same time . i was responsible and ready to die to defend the ones i loved , so i guess this was one thing that they really loved about me . newline newline newline my family is a nice one , really great and gentle people , my mom and dad have an otter for a daemon . they are so loving and so understanding , and patient and playful in a safe kind of way . my sister has a rabbit , she has the same type of personality as my mother and father , but she is a little impatient and she has trouble choosing a partner for herself . newline everybody was expecting for me to get a weasel or a honey badger for my daemons final and stable shape , but nothing prepared them for this . hell , i was not prepared for it . my daemon had many shapes over the years and the most terrifying was when he became a tiger for a while . newline newline newline newline a few months before my 18th birthday , my girlfriend was raped and murdered . nobody knew who did it and police was getting nowhere with their investigation . after the initial desperation and the depression i became mad with grief , i hated the world for being so unfair and i hated myself for being unable to avenge her . newline newline newline newline and on my 18th birthday , when i woke up in the morning , my daemon was nowhere to be found , not in my room , not in the house . i could feel him close though , but l not understand why could i not see it . i really hoped it did not choose to be a spider or a rat or a bloody butterfly . that would have been awkward like hell . my parents were worried too . i went out of the house and into the yard , but nothing caught my eye . and then there was a big shadow covering me and i turned around . on the roof of my house there was thing big hydra like creature , just waking up and spreading its wings . it flew down next to me and bowed its head down to be caressed . i was all of a sudden overwhelmed with a feeling of strength , i felt like nothing could hurt me . ever . this was my daemon , this was my dragon . i was a freaking dragon ! ! newline newline newline newline  well , we  re going to need a bigger house with a hanger to fit that thing.  i heard my father  s voice behind me and felt his hand tap on my shoulder . newlinean excerpt from a story i wrote ... newline newline it was my third year as an instructor for the royal dragoon academy in spire . our purpose was to determine the competency and skill of the students those looking to become fullfledged knights of the kaisers army . newline newline as i entered into the lecture hall , the bustling chattered that resonated down the hall quited to silence . i began my lesson as i always had by putting a pop question on the board . newline newline and as always , the dismay of the students bellowed throughout the room . newline newline  alright students , todays question is how does one obtain a dragon soul  ?  i said as i finished writing the question on the board . newline newline i gave the class a moment to contemplate the answer , my eyes scanning the room as some fumbled through notes while others sat terrified as the answer obviously eluded them . newline newline however , in the back row a hand was raised ... the same diligent student as always prepared to answer the moment a question arose .  ms. cordelia , i appreciate your enthusiasm but allow a fellow classmate an opportunity to answer today .  newline newline her look was one of disappointment but returned a beaming smile of glee as if she were already being commended on the answer she would have given . the correct one no doubt ... newline newline to her left , gazing out of the window as always was her close friend isaac . by the way the two always interacted , i had assumed they had a common interest in one another . but he always digress and avoid the topic altogether when asked . newline newline a few moments had passed and i had decided to randomly call on a student not prepared to passout if asked . newline newline  lawson . please explain how one obtains a dragon soul .  i asked as i seated myself at the edge of my desk . newline newline lawson , a strong looking young man with great posture and stature rose from his seat , clearing his throat as he did . like cordelia , he was well educated and informed in regards to the dragon arts . newline newline  maester marcus , one obtains a dragon soul by effectively earning the respect of the dragon of which he or she has slain . if dubious means , except in cases of black or white dragons , are used to kill one of the six types of dragons , then that dragon may reject their slayer and simply pass away .  newline newline a quiet chatter and fluttering of paper filled the room as the students began noting the spot on response . newline newline  very good mr. lawson , you may be seated .  i paused for a moment , noticing some students turning their attention toward isaac . his attention remained to whatever it was outside as he did every day before . newline newline the inevitable question came . newline newline  maester marcus , why is there an exception to white or black dragons in this regard ?  newline newline i rose from the desk and returned to the board , drawing a diagram of the six elements , each in a circle and each respective element in exact opposite from its opposing element .  ie : white at top , opposite from black , red from blue , yellow from green  newline newline  while azure , crimson , emerald and luminous dragons require only their respect and their subsequent defeat , alabaster and dark dragons require something more .  i said noting the two types on the board . newline newline  dark dragons do not honor respect or the code  their kin do . you must be ruthless and immensely powerful to have a chance of achieving their soul . in addition to that , they are the most dangerous not because of their size and strength difference in comparison to the other types , but because if the soul does not fully integrate with yours properly ... you die .  newline newline the classroom fell silent at this explanation of the dark dragons . they are the most fearsome , powerful kind that roam the world . it is no wonder why only a very small percentage of dragoons possess dark dragon souls . newline newline moving on , i switched to the alabaster dragon , often called the holy dragons  . newline newline  the alabaster dragons are the most intelligent and , in some ways , more powerful than dark dragons . however , with the exception of prince lans and isaac , no other person in the world or known history has been able to obtain an alabaster dragon soul .  i said looking toward isaac . his attention still on whatever was outside . newline newline i returned my attention back to the classroom carefully giving each student a bit of attention as i continued my explanation . newline newline  so what does it mean that someone like isaac was able to obtain one ? i thought only royal blood had the ability to do so ?  newline newline before i could explain , isaac continued in my stead . newline newline  because unlike the prince who was born with the soul of an alabaster dragon , mine was given to me by one that sacrificed itself so that i could live .  he said without even looking toward the rest of the class . newline newline years prior , he had participated in the ten years war that lasted every single second of every single day until its climax . it was constant , nonstop fighting with dragons on one side and the various denizens of spire and sphere on the other . newline newline during the final battle , it was said an alabaster dragon descended ... appearing before humans for the first time in ages and fought alongside of isaac at the battle of rhinestone . the decisive battle claimed hundreds of thousands of lives ... including isaacs mother and younger sister . anyone who is a dragoon knows this story . newline newline but what no one knows ... is how did isaac , even with the aid of the holy dragon , defeat tiamat and the four other dragon primals in battle ? newline newline  hope you like it  again ? what is this , the fourth time this month ?  john sighs , his chair creaking as he stands . he shuffles out of his cube and pauses for tim , the new accountant , sprinting past in a blur of sweater vest and coiffed mustached . john rolls his eyes at the enthusiasm of youth as he moves to his preferred spot . newline newline mary and glen are in the break room when the announcement comes . their eyes brighten with the same glimmer as they lock gazes . glen takes a quick look out the door to see if anyone is coming their way while mary unlocks the utility closet with her purloined key . they are already starting to pull each other s clothes off as the closet door shuts behind them . newline newline george clenches his jaw with determination , certain that he has figured the best place this time around . he reaches under the desk and pulls out a collapsible step ladder . he sets it up , climbs quickly the few feet to reach the ceiling , and moves a tile out of the way . he grabs a rope tied to the ladder and then pulls himself into the ceiling crawlspace . the ladder follows him and , a moment later , the tile slides back into place . newline newline tim , meanwhile , is having a poor time of it . he tries to duck under the reception desk but , well , the receptionist is already there . she gives him a kick to the knee as he tries to occupy the space with her . limping now , he thinks of the bathroom , but there s a cleaning in progress sign in place , and he keeps running . he knows it is getting dangerously close to being too late , so he stumbles behind some of the fake plants in the lobby . hopefully the green sweater and dark corner will be enough ? newline newline the elevator dings . the doors slowly creep open . for a moment there is quiet ... then the boss  six year old son bursts forth from the enclosure and goes on the hunt for a playmate ! newline newlinei had nt seen eric in years . my best buddy throughout college was absent in his drive to satisfy his addiction . i tried to save him , to pull him away from the looming danger that masquaraded as  drug experimentation  . newline newline eric never had much control on his impulses . it s his fault . everytime he exited the dorm room and i asked him where he d go off to , he would lock eyes with me for one second and the next gaze off to the side , ashamed because he knew i criticised him . newline even when i stood silent . eye contact . eyes to the side . quick escape . newline we were friends since high school but the writing was on the wall . he s getting lost . he dropped off soon after he started cutting costs in his life to accommodate his  needs  . selling personal belongings that are nt needed to live at first , minimizing the bites he ate off his meals near the end . newline newline  no eric , i m not gon na enable you dude , either get a grip on yourself or get out of here  i shrieked in anger . newline newline  but i m really trying , please just lend me the cash . i promise my parents will pay you off when they get their cheques . my dad will probably get the job in the diner . i need to go to rehab ! it s my only shot !  he d cry and try to convince me . newline newline  maybe you should try for once , you know make an effort to stop your addiction . you already abused our friendship . no need for rehabs and crap like that , make an effort for once in your life on your own . stop going around asking for handouts , it ai nt gon na happen  newline newline god . what else could i do ? i told him time and again not to throw his money on shit like that . not to use dangerous substances , not to mix up with the bad crowd . giving him  help  by his definition meant me bending over for his pleasure . because he d probably spend it on drugs again .i tried to understand his point of view . it does nt matter now . young as i was , i still think i made an effort . to be honest , more than his family ever did . i m not accountable for his actions . i was his only friend and he alienated me as much as possible even though i was there for him . newline newline now 10 years later , looking like he got run over by eighteen wheeler , skinny , worn out , he comes back to my door to beg . with his crocodile tears and all , just like the last time in college . i see through his charade . newline newline  danny , i m sorry i m bothering you and your family . i know i should nt ask for loans but i ve been clean for the last seven months . i need someplace to stay for a while to get myself ready for a job . it s nothing big but it will help me stand on my feet . please , i beg you not to turn me away again .  newline newline  how did you find my house ?  i shoved him to the hallway and close the door behind me . newline newline  you are scaring my wife and my kids . leave .  newline newline  please do nt be like this , it s my last chance ... my parents have passed away , you are the only man i can lean on ... for the sake of our friendship .  eric whined . newline newline  where were you for the last 10 years ? do you remember when you pushed me aside to have your fun with those junkie friends of yours ? do you remember how i stood by you even when you spat on my face ?  . i was as sincere as i could . newline newline  you know what . i do nt need this . i m sorry for bothering you .  he turned away and scuttled towards the stairs . newline newline  hey , eric ! save yourself . you re not gon na get handouts forever .  newline newline  yeah , whatever man . hope life treats you well  newline newline two months later i received a call from some guy . apparently eric had relapsed and overdosed on crack shortly after i d seen him . damn . i ca nt say i do nt feel sorry for him . but still . it was coming to him . his fault all along . i know i m not accountable . newline newline i tried .i just stood there , ignoring everything around me , in amazement at those shoes . i had never , in all my life , witnessed something so perfect . i could never had fathomed that an inanimate object could give me such a feeling . newline newline newline newline newline  stay strong , it ll be alright .  , an elderly gentleman whispered to me , as tears streamed down my face . newline newline newline newline  you ll be ok.  , my mother said , hugging me , as we both wailed in pain . newline newline newline newline newline newline i just stood there , frozen , looking at the small black , wing tipped oxfords , thinking to myself ,  they re obviously to small for me , but i must take them home . i have to get them  newline newline newline newline newline i looked at my wife and kissed her gently just as i walked up to our little boy and slid his shoes off as discreetly as possible newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline walking away from his coffin i felt a weight lift off my shoulders . i finally had them and with a huge smile on my face i tucked the little leather shoes in my pocket for safe keeping . newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline first post , go easy lol newline newline newline the melted waste  , our paladin stated with a hard look on his face . newline newline it was like nothing that i had ever seen before . it seemed like something that the old cleric at stone church would describe during his fiery sermons . newline newline liquid fire filled every crevice and smoke choked the desolate ruins . newline newline  boy ,  the paladin turned to me ,  i ll be needing my armor now  . newline newline i was too enthralled by the sight to dismount my small brown mare and fulfill his request . newline newline  boy !  he barked ,  it is not safe here . my armor . now  newline newline  sir ,  i replied , voice cracking , betraying my youth ,  what is this place ?  newline newline it was not the paladin , but the old druid , who answered . newline newline  it was once a city . a shining capital of a great and powerful kingdom  . newline newline he paused , his face inscrutable beneath his salt and pepper beard . newline newline  it was ruled by many a great lord , and then by one who decided to be greater than the rest  . newline newline  we do nt have time for tales ,  the paladin interrupted , drawing his long golden sword to punctuate the point .  it wo nt be long before the vile things that live her discover us  . newline newline i dismounted and began unstrapping the large leather sack that contained the paladin s shining white armor framed with gold . his armor must have been worth a small kingdom . newline newline the paladins of dunheim , a kingdom high in the northern mountains , were renown for their extravagance and known even more for their skill at arms . newline newline  you see , boy ,  the druid continued ,  men are never content with what they have . they always want more . such was true of this last lord  . newline newline the paladin looked at the druid with disdain , letting out a grunt and muttering a curse , he dismounted from his great white charger . newline newline  here ,  he spoke ,  give me that sack  . newline newline i handed it to him , arms trembling from the great weight of its contents . he took it in one huge fist and carried it a few yards without so much as a grunt of strain . he set it upon the blackened earth and began to remove its contents . newline newline  a worker of dark arts offered the lord a great power  , the druid continued as though he had not been interrupted . newline newline  he told the lord , who was still young and foolish  not much older than you , that he could give him the power to cleanse his land of all injustice and misery  . newline newline he paused again , his emerald green eyes shimmering in the smoky air . newline newline  of course , the lord agreed , not realizing how strange it was to be offered such a great and magnificent power for nothing . the dark man gave him a small red gem and said , all you must do is hold this , and speak your desire and your lands will be forever free of the suffering of men   . newline newline the paladin was more than halfway dressed in his shining armor . from somewhere within the smoldering ruins of the keep , a shriek emanated . newline newline it chilled me to the bone . it was not human . the shriek descended into a long , haunting wail . newline newline the druid seemed unconcerned . newline newline  the lord took the gem immediately , and thanked the dark man , offering him wealth and riches . the dark man refused , saying that only seeing your lordship work with such great power is enough for this one  . then the lord , with dreams of great deeds , held the gem up before his eyes and said , make my lands free of suffering , make them free from injustice and poverty , let them become empty of envy and greed  . the gem glowed and this city s fate was sealed  . newline newline the druid turned and looked me , a deep sadness in his eyes . newline newline  the gem did create a land free of all sins and vices , just as the lord wanted . it did so by destroying any and all who might commit those acts . it changed the land so that it could no longer harbor men . men who are naturally greedy and hateful , but who are also kind and caring . men who destroy but who also build great things and stand defiant against evils  . newline newline the druid seemed to shrink as the last of his tale echoed off the barren rocks . newline newline the paladin , now fully garbed , grabbed his sword .  come on now , let s retrieve this artifact , its powers are desired by our employers and it is not our place to question their purpose , only their purse  . newline newline  how ... .  i spoke weakly ,  how do you know all this ?  newline newline the druid did not respond for a long time . then he spoke , so softly that it was almost inaudible ,  because boy , we were all young once . we all have committed acts that we must live with the rest of our lives . it is a curse that we must make decisions knowing so little about how they will turn out .  newline newline he paused again . newline newline  i only wish that i had known better  .the mind of suicidal ferret is a star fort under constant assault . the war is unending , the casualties constantly pouring into the infirmary . many are lost as the medics have a basic understanding and keep making them drink water and take a knee . newline why would such a fortress exist ? is it for entertainment of others ? so far it seems as if it exists to attain and protect knowledge to be passed on . newline it s run by a committee of bickering scholars who seem to change their opinion for the others  at a moments notice  the final decision being made by a mad jester on the throne . newline unbeknownst to most observers , there s an assassin . he aims to remove the jester and throw the gates wide for unknown . the jester knows though . after all , when everyone s out to get you , paranoia is just good thinking . sometimes when he thinks the assassin is nearby , he ll shout  take me ! end it already !  he s sick of the constant fighting , the siege with no hope of relief . newline newline ultimately ... he fights on . newlinei signed back that i could nt . newline newline  go near music ,  she signed back , motioning me to the bass at the edge of the crowd , where i could better feel the vibration . newline newline i did nt like it in here . everyone too close and stuffy . people moving to the invisible waves , like they had all gone crazy and i was the only one that could see it . hearing people were weird . newline newline  better ?  my date asked , raising her eyebrows for nonmanual marker . newline newline  yes ,  i knocked on the open air . newline newline some of the dancers were staring at us now . newline newline i would have been upset if j had nt smiled . that was her namesign anyways , just a j near my cheek , like the sign for juice . her written name was jenny . newline newline i could nt think of anything to sign , nervous until she grabbed my hand and pressed it against the pulsating black box . i noticed more people staring , and focused on j instead , watching her as i uncertainly danced along with the other inmates in my own personal insane asylum . newline newline i would rather be home , watching a dubbed movie or reading a book , anything besides this exhibition where i hung like an artpiece for a bunch of slackjawed yokels to gawk at . i was tempted to leave right now and drive myself home . newline newline unfortunately j drove , and i hoped beyond hope that it was because she wanted to save me some time finding the place and not that she imagined that i could nt . hearing people were a bit , well , stupid sometimes . they thought being deaf was the equivalent of being completely disfunctional when it came to  normal  stuff like driving cars and waking up for work and checking on a baby . i really hoped that was nt the case with j , she was nice . newline newline sure i d done this  feel the music  thing a dozen times already , and yeah , i thought everyone in the room was basically barking mad , but i suppose everyone goes a bit crazy for people they like . at least , i did nt feel so awkward when she squeezed my hand .i know something is different . it s not just the change in smells , or the looks on their faces , it s me too . i m so tired , like i have been for a long time . they never seemed to mind , they d pet me and tell me i m a good dog  and everything was okay . newline newline everything is okay . newline newline it s not so bad when i realize what s different . i do nt remember to well how i got her but i know this one human in his strange white thing is the needle man  but he s always been nice , too . i ve been seeing him a lot lately . newline newline ... newline newline slipped into sleep again for a few minutes there . newline newline now everyone is here . all of the humans , all of my friends . i m so glad to see them all , because soon i m going to have to go to sleep for a long , long time and if i do nt see them how will they know i love them ? newline newline it s so hard , but i wag my tail . i try not to look to tired . i even try to stand up , but i do nt do so well and the needle man moves in and rests a hand on my side . he makes comforting noises , i guess to tell me to not try to stand , and that s okay . newline newline one by one my humans come to me . they pet me . they give me things , little treats and big hugs . all of them smell familiar and all of them smile in a new way that is sad but still full of love . i lick them , let them know i love them so much . my tail keeps wagging , but it s slow . it s not so bad . newline newline i do nt let them see how much i m hurting , though . i ve done my best not to show them that . they re my friends , i should nt make them sad or worried . newline newline there s a human who is like my mother . she s taken care of me since i was a puppy . she fed me with a strange plastic thing full of milk and held me when the sky was angry and exploding and when other humans made light and booms in the sky . it s been so long . newline newline i try to lick at her face and tell her i m sorry that i m so tired . i do nt want to go and leave her alone . i love her a little more than all the others , so much that the hurting seems little in comparison to the thought of leaving her . newline newline but she s not mad at me . she hugs me and cries and tells me soft things that i think mean that it s okay , and i ve earned my sleep . i was a good dog . i know those words . she s telling me i was a good dog , i am a good dog . i wish i could make their sounds but i do nt know how . when i lick her face again , it s to say thank you . newline newline the needleman comes and my human holds me gently , whispers softly . there s a pinch , pain , but it s nothing bad . newline newline it does nt take long for me to feel even more tired . i guess he gave me something to make the pain go away so i could go to my sleep comfortably . i ll see her again , i think . my human and i will be together , i m sure of it . maybe i ll dream of her while i sleep for so long . maybe when she goes to sleep we can sleep together and play like i used to before i started to hurt and got real tired all the time . newline newline i love you human . newline newline i lick her face a few times and look to all the other humans . friends , family , people i love . they hold each other and cry . i guess they ll miss me , but ... but i ll miss them too . newline newline but my human whispers softly again and it s okay . newline newline do nt worry human , i ll get some rest ... you ll be okay . i taught you how to be okay real good , like a good dog should . i ll be there when you go to sleep . i promise to be there . newline newline ... just going to ... rest my eyes a moment ... newline newline it does nt ... hurt anymore ... newline newline i love you , human . newline newline i love ... mr. longbottom , please sit down here next to mr. potter ,  dumbledore said . newline newline  sure thing , professor . so , what is this all about ?  neville sat down next to harry potter . why s that scrawny longhaired little kid here ?  neville thought . my meetings with dumbledore are usually private . so , unless this kid has something to do with me being the boy who lived , i do nt know why he s here .  newline newline  well , we ve made a discovery about your status as the chosen one ,  said dumbledore . newline newline  what is it ?  asked neville . newline newline  well , i m afraid i ca nt put this lightly , neville ,  said dumbledore .  you arent the chosen one .  neville stared at dumbledore for a second , then laughed . newline newline  that s funny dumbledore . so really , what did you want to talk about ?  newline newline dumbledore moved over to harry gracefully for his age .  harry , lift your head up .  harry did so . dumbledore lifted up the massive amount of hair previously obscuring harry s forehead and eyes . a scarshaped mark was on his forehead . newline newline  you see , neville , i thought the prophecy applied to you , but harry actually meets all the requirements as well . this scar , which i recently discovered , confirms it s him , not you .  newline newline   what ?   screamed neville .  so my whole life , since my birth , i ve been lied to about who i am ?  newline newline  i m afraid so .  newline newline  what about last year ? hewhomustnotbenamed called me the chosen one ! he said that he had to kill me !  because i was the chosen one !  newline newline  neville , voldemort had nt seen the harry since he was a newborn child . plus , he had been under quirrel s turban for months , and the room you were in was dark . under those circumstances , i m sure anyone that had been in that room would have been mistaken for the chosen one .  newline newline neville stared at dumbledore for a long time . newline newline  i m sorry , neville . i know this must be hard for you . but this is not your destiny . you must find some other way to help on our quest to defeat voldemort .  newline newline  so i m not the hero anymore ?  newline newline  you never were , i m afraid .  newline newline                                    newline newline 038it was amazing how nice a normal cell seemed next to the shoe . you would think that after his fifth time , kevin would have been used to solitary confinement , but no it still gave him shivers . newline the cell looked radically different from when he had left it . all of his posters had been removed , there was a new cell mate on the top bunk . newline  hi , i  m matthew !  newline  go to hell.  kevin took a seat on his mattress . newline a dark man with a suit and a clipboard appeared at the entrance to the cell .  mr . resnick ?  newline  fuckign christ what ?  after weeks without interaction human voices sounded so course . newline  i see.  the man scratched something on his clipboard then took a seat on the chair outside of the cell . newline  my name is jared bachman , i am a member of the prison  s social services , i  m here to talk to you about suicide prevention.  newline kevin pulled his hands from his face .  wait what , me ?  newline  our records indicate that you may be facing clinical depression.  the man  s voice was nasally whine and he paused between words to suck in breathes of stagnant air .  ahem . i want you to know that suicide is a permanent resolution to a temporary problem.  newline matthew from the bunk above busted out laughing .  a life sentence ain  t a temporary problem.  newline  excuse me mr. carr , i was addressing mr. resnick.  newline kevin scratched his head .  that  s what i don  t get , i don  t want to kill myself ?  newline  that  s the spirit !  mr. bachman punched the air with a depressingly limp thrust .  however.  he coughed up some phlegm .  because of your obvious lack of approachability to help , i may have to recommend more time in solitary confinement so you can work on your attitude.  newline  what the fuck !  newline  that concludes our meeting , it was a pleasure to meet you mr. resnick , i hope i have the privilege of interacting with you in the future . someone will be along to take you to solitary confinement shortly.  newline mr. bachman turned on his leather heals and squeaked away down the hall . newline  goddamn that fucker !  kevin stared at the ground , fighting back tears of frustration . newline matt slammed his fist into his hand .  i know right ! he must have a really stressful job though , i hear those social workers get fired every time they mess up.  newline  that.i hate him.  kevin stood up and started pacing .  i  d do anything to get his ass fired.  newline matt laughed ,  well you could always kill yourself , that would put him in deep water . it  s hard not to fidget . newline newline newline i feel the way i think people with voices in their heads feel , trying not to hear them , trying to resist the urge to cover up their ears and scream , to do anything to get the noise out . like people , there are those who are polite , who are quiet . but then there are others who must be heard , whose entire existence is being heard . newline newline newline announcements over the intercoms are always laced with secrets . he  s telling you this with his hand down his pants , can you imagine what it does there ?  strangers become intimate partners during first conversations . he cries at night . he cries at night holding me around his neck , too cowardly to pull me tighter . newline newline newline i don  t like to listen , most the time . and i know enough to know that anyone and anything can be a liar . newline newline newline but you were different , in front of me , murmuring quietly to yourself while the people who owned you continued to talk . you spoke of the ocean , of the wind and all the things you wished you  d been , the places you wished you  d seen . you liked it best in the room upstairs , the one with the blue walls and the balloons painted on the closet door . you spoke to me , quietly , under the din of laughter and my delayed responses , and told me how much you hated yourself now that you  d been resigned to this . then , tentatively , you asked me so kindly , to please , take you away . newline newline newline i considered it . i promise you i did , staring at your ornate trappings . i thought about what it would cost to take you from there , about the people who would be hurt should i make that decision . newline newline newline and there were moments . i had my chances , and each time they left the room i felt your disappointment mounting . newline newline newline but when it was time to leave , i could not . i said my goodbyes , and one of those goodbyes was meant for you . newline newline newline later on the street , i did not regret my decision . i could have been anything , i decided . a detective listening to bones , bringing murderers to justice . i could have been anything , and so could you . but here we both were , endlessly wondering about what wouldn  t be . newline newline newline how unfair it seemed to me , in that moment , that i  d left you behind . i didn  t want to be able to make those sorts of choices . for the rest of the night i was plagued by the knowledge that what was once a person , someone whom i could have known , now sat in a jar , begging for release . newlinevast swathes of asia and europe had already fallen to the might of genghis khan s seemingly invincible golden horde . alexander held africa and was struggling to hold on to his dominions in the east . sun tzu s grasp on australasia and southern asia was firm , but the middle east was a hotly contested battleground between himself and the forces of the golden horde and alexander , all vying for domination over the greatest of continents and the chance of ultimate victory , with its seven soldier reinforcement boost . newline newline but all of them were deceived , for a fourth player was in the game . forgotten and cast out from his homeland , julius caesar , master of rome , had found himself on the shores of a new world , one that he had quickly conquered , gaining the plus two soldiers every turn . south america , the foreign land , had fallen easily . with little contest , he ravaged the continent and clambered his way north , into the frozen wastelands of alaska , the northwest territory and greenland . newline newline dozens of soldiers , horses and cannons lay scattered across the table top . it was a war unlike any other with sun tzu constantly muttering under his breath some sort of quasiinspirational quote that had no real relevance in a game of risk , and alexander eyeing up his opponents and winking whenever any of them looked at him . newline newline after hours , nay days , of needless back and forth between the nations , caeser struck hard and fast against kamskth kamchtika kamcha ... asia s east coast . the golden horde was unravelled . stretched thin over his empire , the great khan realised too late that his armies were no match for the power of rome , or rather roman dominated america , or  romanica  as caesar had started calling it . with his glorious army , caesar swept across asia like a rising tide and marched his armies deep into europe and africa , crushing alexanders pitiful empire . only one now remained . newline newline caesar , weakened by hours of warfare , marched what remained of his army to the gates of australasia and prepared for his final assualt upon sun tzu s fortress of solitude . newline newline caesar put down the dice . he looked into his enemies eye s and smiled , raising a golden chalace to the fallen , the emperor looked over to sun tzu . nothing . no fear , no loathing , nothing that gave way in the man s eyes . somethings wrong , julius thought to himself . newline newline sun tzu picked up the dice and placed them in front of his little plastic men . he then picked up the cards infront of him and placed them down , face up . he smiled . reinforcements had arrived . newline newline caesar barely held back tears as sun tzu s newly invigorated army ripped through his own depleted forces . sun tzu smiled at his opponentant as he taught him the true art of war .i awoke gasping for breath with the fear of death in my heart . frantically i thrashed about to escape the darkness that encased me . i clutched my covering and bore at it until i made an opening and immediately drew another breath as i pried it open further . i sat up , my torso ripped free of the encasement and took long labored breaths as i wildly searched my surroundings . the room was cold and clinical , bathed in a low blue light with a few stretchers in the room similar to the one that i was on . i recognized the scene from television as some type of morgue and realized that somehow i had been believed to be dead . i d have to agree with their assessment since moments before felt as is i had just taken my firsts breaths . newline newline i brought my legs from the bottom of the encasement and moved them to sit on the edge of the stretcher as i continued to gain my bearings . i was naked and only then felt the shiver of being so exposed in the refrigerated air . i spotted a blue , plastic looking covering hanging on the opposite wall . it did nt seem to be warm but it would be better than nothing . i placed my feet on the freezing floor and yelped as i yanked them back up . i would need a bit to warm myself up a bit before i found the courage to dart across the room . then i noticed an envelope lying on the table a few feet away . it was brown , with red letters on its face reading confidential . i wondered who it could be for and as if a light bulb had went off i realized that i was unaware of who i was . i was already in an unfamiliar place and the knowledge put me at greater unease . i thought the envelope would hold the answers that i sought and mustered the courage to brave the frigid cold of the floor to find out . i hopped out of the stretcher , grabbed the envelope and a scalpel and jumped back on the stretcher causing it to roll a bit . i felt the letter and could feel paper inside and something small and in the shape of a key . i tore the letter open with the scalpel and emptied it beside me . a thick , bronze key first fell out first with a clank onto the metallic stretcher followed by a folded sheet of paper . i left the key aside and picked up the paper and unfurled it . the paper read : newline newline  if you re reading this then you re alive and in that case i m sorry . if you re not the intended recipient then this message is clearly not for you and you can kindly move on . that means now . really , this is a private message . i m serious , i newline can tell that you re still reading since you re here . you really have a problem with following instructions do nt you ? i ll wait ... . alright look , i can understand the appeal . reading things that are nt meant for you . you think that there s going to be newline some special secret or secret information that you ll be privy to that s contained in this letter . well i ve got news for you , not gon na happen . nope . that s why i have the key in this envelope that you ve probably wondered about . well keep newline wondering , unless of course you re the intended recipient , you know who you are . sorry about the tirade here but some people feel the need to read what was nt meant for them . anyway , for you the intended recipient , yeah i m newline being intentionally vague they ll get it , this key is for you . it will allow you access to the actual confidential message meant for you . like i d leave an actual confidential message in a morgue on the occasion that a dead person comes back to life . good luck to you . bad luck to you if you read this far knowing this was nt meant to you . for shame . peace . newline newline confused at the mess of a note that lied before me i picked up the key noting that it did appear familiar but i was unable to recall where i knew it from . i did nt know anything about who i was but i was determined to find out . holding the newline key and envelope i walked across the floor to the covering and put it on . it was nt warm , as i thought , but it would give some semblance of modesty than swinging about in the open . i opened the door with purpose to begin the journey newline to rediscover my past . oh , quit it with this ! you know one of these days i  jackson paused .  wait ...  he craned his neck towards the hero .  okay ?  newline newline  that s what i said .  the hero , known as steve , confirmed . newline newline a dumbfounded look crossed jackson s face as he stared at the brunet .  what do you mean , okay  ? !  newline newline  i mean , okay  .  steve answered , flatly . newline newline  but you ... i cant ... you just  jackson let out an exasperated sigh and pinched the bridge of his nose in frustration .  just ... why ?  newline newline  well ,  steve strolled over to jackson s sleek , black dining table and sat down in a chair ,  i m just tired of doing this same thing over again .  newline newline  but it s not the same thing !  jackson protested . newline newline  really ?  steve challenged , glaring at jackson .  let s see : you build a machine , i destroy it , you curse my name and my family , and then i go back to the city where i m hailed a hero once again .  newline newline jackson rubbed the back of his neck , awkwardly .  okay , so we have a similar buildup , but i always make my traps different !  newline newline  it s not enough .  steve said , lowly . newline newline  wh what if i changed my traps ?  jackson offered .  what if i got some minions or other villains to work with me ?  newline newline steve gazed up at jackson , taken aback by the villain s negotiations .  but i thought you d hated working with  newline newline  i do .  jackson admitted , not hiding the discontent from his voice or face . he gazed back up at steve with a softer look .  but i d do it for you .  newline newline now it was steve s turn to be dumbfounded .  you re going to do all this ... for me ?  newline newline jackson nodded ,  you re , uhh ... a good hero , steve . you deserve a good villain to fight against . and if i need to  newline newline  no ,  steve interrupted , causing jackson to stare back up at him .  i do nt want you to change . not if you re happy with how it is now .  newline newline  really ?  jackson s face lit up with a smile . newline newline  really , really .  steve repeated . newline newline the two superhumans came together in an awkward , heartfelt hug . after a few long seconds , both of them pulled away and stood uncomfortably . newline newline  so , i still have my new machine .  jackson mentioned , gesturing to a large , blocky , metal robot standing in the corner under a dim ceiling light . newline newline a smile crept on to steve s face ,  let s do this .  newline newlinethere she was again , standing at the photocopier . there she was , bending over , her perfect round arse filling out the tight , almosttooshort skirt perfectly . there she was , looking up and frowning and sniffing the air and looking at me and shit . newline newline shit . now i could smell something . burning . burning plastic . newline newline i glanced down , and grimaced , raising my hand from the nowruined mouse on the desk , the defunct plastic melted perfectly into an indentation of my hand . newline newline i glanced back up , and there she was , stalking towards me , her face a mixture of disgust , suspicion , worry , and anger and somehow she still looked utterly pert and bouncy and perfectly spherical . newline newline i glanced further up , and saw the same expression washed across her utterly gorgeous face , her perfectly plump lips pursed in a moue of annoyance , her gorgeous brow creased in frustration , her cute little button nose crinkled in disgust . newline newline  kel ?  newline newline i blinked , suddenly aware she was speaking to me . newline newline  kelvin , are you alright ?  newline newline  huh ?  , i blinked back at her , suddenly aware there was a tiny tiny column of smoke rising from somewhere near my left thigh . newline newline  your mouse . i thought i could smell burning , and ... your mouse . and your , um . your trousers , kel . they re ... burning ?  newline newline  oh . yeah . uh .  i swallowed nervously , and tasted my saliva boiling in my throat . fuck . newline  right . sorry . i , uh , i ve been kind of running a fever lately , and ... i guess when i do something , i go all in ?  newline newline i laughed nervously in away that made me hate myself , but relived the tension on her face , everything else replaced with concern . before i knew what she was doing , she d reached out and pressed her hand to my forehead though she whipped it back , whimpering in pain . newline newline  jesus , kel , you burned me ! look , just ... take the rest of the day off , okay ? i mean , good job on coming in and everything , but you , uh ... you should go home . go . go home .  newline newline i nodded , thanked her , and stood up . newline newline as i walked away , feeling the soles of my shoes becoming tacky as they began to melt , i regretted ever trying to be a regular guy , ever trying to be anything other than what i really was , who i really was : newline newline hot stuff .written a while ago , for something that should nt have been written . newline newline  do you know what centralia , pennsylvania is ? do you know how people talk about holding a flame  , or smoldering love  ? newline newline it s a town . cute , oldfashioned , and empty . no one lives there . it s overgrown and rotting , fenced off in the distance with warning signs . newline newline a few decades ago , a garbage burning pit broke through into the coal mines under the town . it ignited instantly , and filled the tunnels that run under the town with intense flames . newline newline you ll be fine , walking through the woods , around old style buildings ... when suddenly the ground gives way , and you fall into a hellish pit of hundreds of degrees of fire and darkness . newline newline that s what it s like . i ll be fine , idyllic and strolling through the woods around a peaceful town ... then crack , i remember the time i carried you up six flights of stairs because you were in such pain you could nt walk , and i fall through into a personal hell of memories and ... just you . us . the rumble of thunder and flash of lightning lost its awe long ago , tazbin thought as he waited patiently for the show to end , thinking through his next actions . start strong , he told himself , go for the newline newline  what makes you think it ll work this time ?  god interrupted his thoughts , nose behind a newspaper . tazbin frowned at the seated man .  defeating an entire squadron of 50  newline newline  47 ,  tazbin said . newline newline   with just a spear ? it wo nt work .  god finished , lowering the paper . newline newline  i know their moves , for the most part .  tazbin said .  the squad leader always starts with an order to flank , sending three men to the left and three to the right . the first in line at the right lunges low while  newline newline  yet , 366 times , you ve died .  god said .  change the strategy , you fool .  newline newline  you re the god that  newline newline  for the last time ,  he interrupted yet again ,  i m no god . just a man .  newline newline tazbin smiled .  of course . anyway , you re the man sending me directly in front of the squad , not even giving me a chance to hide from their sight .  newline newline  you know their formation , you know it fights poorly against those that run .  newline newline  retreat ?  tazbin asked , face stoic amid the flashes of lighting .  you think the only son of zandus would retreat ?  newline newline  the only reason azmir went to war with the nozgathians is because a squad of theirs killed you , an azmir prince .  god lifted the paper again , covering his face .  suck up your pride and run home to your father , tell him you got lost in the woods , and the world will be at peace . relatively ...  newline newline tazbin blinked .  i m no coward .  newline newline  a leader does what s best for his people , not himself .  newline newline tazbin took a deep breath in and shook his head .  i killed 12 last time .  newline newline god lowered the paper once more and stared at tazbin . newline newline  very well .  the prince said , still unsure of what to do .  send me back . folks tend to call me a wanderer , and that s about the only thing i am these days . others would use the term fugitive . through space and time , even through the multiverse , i no longer have a home . this story is nt about me , though , and i doubt it d be an interesting one if it was . no , this story s about a young toddler , whose name i did nt even know , because i could nt speak his language . my device has consistently sent me to a time , two years before his death . invariably , i appeared in a small european hamlet , back in a time where the civil war would still be in recent memory , had i been in what was then still the united states . what was even stranger is that , no matter what universe my device sent me to , this hamlet was almost exactly the same . there are an infinite number of realities , but the odds that this would happen are absolutely astronomical . my device , i assumed , was incorrectly calibrated . whether i bought that subconsciously , i do nt know , but i might be giving myself too much credit if i say i knew something more ... supernatural was going on . newline newline throughout all of these numerous universes , the boy has never lived past 2 . once , it was a day before his birthday , and yet his house burned down during the night . in the other universes , foul play was detected almost every time , but the techniques ranged from the aforementioned fire to something as brutal as being strangled to death . the acts of violence were absolutely insane , for a little boy . it was almost as though fate wanted him to die , although even that was a bit of a stretch . eventually , in one universe , my machine was severely damaged , by interuniversal travel . i ca nt pretend i know what did it , but maybe it really was fate , not that i buy into that crap . regardless , i decided that , if i had to be stuck in those times for the time it would take to procure materials i needed to repair my device , i might as well do one act of good before then . i watched the child s house , day and night , and yet no one questioned me . i learned , a long time ago , that if you look and act like you belong , people will believe that you do . newline newline it was a dark night , april 19th , 1891 . the boy had almost made it through , and i was determined to make sure he did . i d like to say it was storming , but unfortunately , the cliche did nt accompany the night , though it would have been appropriate if it had . a hooded figure bolted past me , nearly knocking me to the pavement .  stop , bastard , what do you think you re doing ? ! ?  i shouted , though for no reason , since he would nt understand english . newline newline to my surprise , i received a response .  what had to be done . stay out of my way , if you know what s good for you .  he growled ominously . not only was he using english , but the accent and lexicon was modern . newline newline  you know i ca nt let you kill the boy .  i responded in kind , and as i did , the bell tolled for 11:00 pm . almost made it through . while i was looking up at the clocktower , the bastard pushed me to the dirt , bloodying my face . before i could stand up , he was already in the window . i grabbed at his legs , and managed to unshoe him , but he managed to get through the window . having neither time nor patience for subtlety , i grabbed a rock , and chucked it through the window . from the sound of it , i managed to nail him on the head . i heard groaning , and then , i saw the shadows of a flame bouncing through the walls . fearing that he had managed to set the house on fire , i dived through the window , cutting myself on broken glass . however , the licks of flame were nt clutching at the curtains , but were safely contained in a lantern . a young woman approached , and the man , who i had at this point realized was from a different time , cursed at me . newline newline  you fucking fool , do you realize what you ve done ? the rift is going to close , when that clock strikes 12 , and then , no one will be able to stop him .  he lamented . i grabbed the rock , and put him out of his  and my  misery . the woman ran for me , but i ignored her . she yelled for me , probably thanking me , although she could just as well have been cursing me too . newline newline i submit to you that i ve suffered enough for my crimes , ladies and gentlemen of the jury . i had to live through , and watch in horror , as the consequences of my actions have come to fruition . my device s power source was defeated , and plutonium , which it ran on , was nt isolated until i had reaped what i had sowed . i stayed for another ten years , partly due to a lack of wide availability of plutonium , and partly due to some sick , morbid fascination i had with the series of events that were unraveling . i d like to add that , though i ca nt expect you to forgive me for my crimes , i have destroyed my machine , so that the allure of power wo nt corrupt anyone else . i have no doubt that it will either never be recreated in this universe and timeline , or if it is , people will recognize that my actions were necessary by that time . though that austrian boy will not be stopped , and though those millions will still die , it will in the end be fore the better . i have the weight of those millions of victims on my shoulders , and the haunt me constantly , day and night . that is my punishment , and it is by far cruel and unusual . the only grace afforded is that the united states still survives , though whether or not you ll believe that it fell in the original timeline is up to you . i throw myself at the mercy of the court , and i know that any punishment i receive will never , ever be enough for me to atone for my actions .the room felt endless . newline newline waking up and rubbing my eyes my new surroundings became clear . i had woken up on some sort of soft green couch in the middle of a strange museum . the ceiling was so high that i could barely make out the long hanging chandeliers . looking to either side , i couldnt  see any walls . just display after display going off seemingly forever . newline newline standing , i straightened my clothes out . newline newline  hello ?  i called out . insinctively i knew that no one was going to answer , but i had to try . newline newline the first display i saw was a rifle . the display case below showed photos of a stout woman using the rifle . in the photos she was in trees , in bushes , hidden in all manner of locations sniping her prey . newline newline newline the next , a simple hand held knife . something a hunter would carry . the display showed an animals pelt laid out , some sort of great cat . the photos were of an older man fighting a great cat with nothing more than this simple folding knife . newline newline the farhter way from the couch i walked the older the weapons became . guns became flintlocks , and breachloaders , and finally gave way to swords . there was a whole section before that of tanks , and planes . even a messerschmidt peppered with bullet holes . newline newline past that there were great war hammers , silver swords and mirror shields . there were impossibly glowing spears , and wooden cudgels . newline newline i knew that none of these was what i needed . newline newline something was calling to me from beyond this , from farther into the darkness . newline newline awhile i walked on . i passed rough hewn spears , and stone axes . finally i passed what looked like a jawbone sharpened on one side . newline newline finally , in a neglected corner . it s display dusty and damaged i found what i was looking for . the first security , the first weapon that turned the cold dark night into somewhere safe . newline newline lifting my prize i was surprised at its weight . the leather had been carefully worked and sewn , the care that had gone into this obviously showed . the shape had been filled out horse hair and moss . the sinew used to sew it closed was aso used to fashion a crude mouth and eyes . newline newline it was a stuffed dog , or maybe a stuffed wolf . it was the first tool that man had used to fiht back against the night . it was the first weapon that the first hero had wielded . it had been fashioned with love and care and bestowed all the well wishes and hope that a mother or father could for their child . it was as powerful as excalibur , thors hammer , or the enola gay . it was so powerful that it reverbated down through history and instilled bravery in children to this day , and for days yet to come . newline newline taking the sturdy toy in my hand i began to walk back . newline newline newline as i walked the room filled with a fog , and seemed to fade around me . the weapons and tools of the great heroes of the past faded away . and i was standing at a door in my own house . newline newline opening the door to darkness i could hear soft cries . newline newline  you ok buddy ?  i said walking to his bed . newline newline  scared .  newline newline smiling i pulled my prize up to the light , and passed it to him . newline newlineas i was taking my morning washroom visit beyond the palatial playroom , and as on this particular day i was moreso inclined to give into my eavesdropping nature , i peeked in upon the idiot to see what , if anything , he was doing , for i could hear him loudly honking and twittering within . i did so betting with myself that he d be up to nonsense most repugnant . newline newline he was . fat and giggling he sat , his hammy fists crashing priceless ivory giraffes and elephants into one another and making loud bleating noises with his ever disgusting , ignorant lips , a rime of spittle coating their pasty , sluglike corpses . those lips which i knew would cause death borne of fecund stupidity in mere weeks if i did nt intervene soon . newline newline inbred , that s what he was , and his spoiled rotten daughter with her tiger pet , daily miserying on the withering hot flagstones and panting loudly whenever the grass was nt being watered often enough for his expensive tastes . newline newline while beggars on the street threaten to rise up and overwhelm the palace , and i , his grand vizier , working overlong days for years to keep the rabble in place , the merchants properly taxed and the palace police funded ... this city , a hub of human civilization , would have fallen to the desert years ago if not for my influence , i thought . newline newline and it was finally over . newline newline i shivered a little and enjoyed the sight of the fat man in his mindless play . i savored the moment as one would a fine wine or meal or concubine . newline newline i wish now i had nt . newline newline as i stood there snooping unbecomingly i reached down to my sachel and patted it . fifteen years of research , and today the djinn of the desert would grant me my three heart s desires . one last look at the fat man . one last look before i headed to my laboratory to recite the incantation that would finally remove this despot ... this disgusting leech on society . newline newline for a moment my hand quavered with guilt . once again i had to consider what cost to my soul this fragile plot had incurred . not the least reason being the youth i d pushed into the forbidden cave last night , surely to his unfortunate doom , i recounted my sins to myself , then hefted on the cord tying my carrysack to my belt , hefting the weight of the lamp as if to judge my decision by merchant s measure . newline newline i decided , as i always did , to let the outcome be the measure and history the judge of my actions . it was nt hard for me to do  the despot planned yet higher taxes soon , and the people were starving . bad enough he used a third of the water of the city for his lawns and animals . bad enough he played and had the mentality of a child . bad enough the priests of the palace and temple obeyed his words as if from a diety , howevermay they wreak havoc on their charges . he planned the utter destruction of his own kingdom through willful ignorance , for as his vizier i d used all of my courtly powers to try to convince the fool not to raise taxes yet again for the frivolous purpose of finding a prince for his daughter to marry . newline newline you can understand now , i think , why i savored this moment , for i had found the answer at last ! newline newline but when i had shook the bag by the cable i felt something clink and , knowing the design of the lamp within , wondered what could be in the bag with the lamp . i opened it , revealing a heavy wooden shoe . newline newline no lamp . the wastrel ! the realizations staggered me and i fell onto my backside on the cold marble , my legs feeling made of the same . newline newline and the fool , the fat man whose dictations rob us by degree of culture and economy for the pleasure of his endless flesh , heard me fall and offered me a hand up , asking why i lurked outside the door ! can you imagine . newline newline that was the last time i felt hopeful  my final vision while having any happy memory was of me standing there in my bathrobes , a shoe in my sachel , staring at a being i loathe , his fat lips coated with spit . tonight i feel i may be going mad . newline newline the thief boy s coming back again tonight , his djinn , his enslaved and besotted princess who has never seen a male other than myself and her father , his filthy monkey ... and the sultan , lothe as i am to attribute his fatness such moniker , whom the beggar thief has told that he is a great prince ! she ll be there , and the fat fool will with him bring his awful lips , to utter my death or worse at a thief s behest because the djinn has so enamored him . the djinn , though . no telling what changes i am unawares of already . i am already defeated . my only hope is attack . i ve already contacted a shade and agreed to the terms of a pact . my soul is a fair trade to save agrabah ! newline newline i ve done evil things , that s true , but i would never take advantage of an innocent girl to steal a kingdom i knew nothing about running . newline newline agrabah is doomed if i fall . give me power , serpent devil ! selah !newline newline i never know which side of the cord to pull on with these damn blinds . the vertical slats are cheap and plastic , so is most of our furniture . i do nt know why i let sarah pick these blinds , they were bland  i never liked bland . i see blinds like this at the doctors office , i see them at my job , they do nt belong in a home . i always wanted to get a nice set of curtains in here , even my therapists office has curtains . i like curtains . when i had curtains growing up i kept my window open on days when a gentle breeze was enough to softly push about the thin white cloth . but we do nt open the window in here , in here when the window is open the plastic blinds clatter against eachother  bickering at even the slightest provocation . that s why there s no air in here . that s why i ca nt breath . newline newline note : please criticize i ll write another draft in a few days .in my favorite life , i lived in a castle . not a dreary actualfortification kind of castle with arrow slits for windows , but a beautiful , honesttogod fairytale castle with brightlypainted towers and stained glass windows . every morning i would wake up in my room at the top of one of those towers . the sunlight would fall on my face in manycolored patterns , and the smell of freshlybaked sweetcakes would greet me from my bedside table . there was always a set of clothes laid out at the foot of the bed . newline newline the castle and the countryside were mine to explore . some days , i wandered through the castle , knowing the layout by heart and yet somehow always finding new rooms containing new wonders , even though i had wandered the castle s halls on thousands of other days . other days , i explored the countryside . rolling green hills seemed to go on infinitely beneath an alwaysperfect blue sky . streams flowed down those hills into shady groves of trees . newline newline but eventually , the sun would begin to wane , and i would begin to grow tired . i became apprehensive as the lengthening shadows of the trees or the furniture seemed to want to reach out and grab me . but i knew that i would always be safe in my tower room , so i would go there , and eventually fall asleep in my bed . newline newline in my notsofavorite life , i lived in the other castle . at least , i assumed it was a castle . the dungeon of a castle , to be specific . the walls were not stone , like my real home , but a drab offwhite plaster of some kind . the single door was made of dullyreflective metal , with a thick window that contained a crosshatched wire . the door was strong  i could never open it . i wore simple clothes of the same offwhite color as the walls . newline newline it was always dark in this castle , and that scared me . there was one window in my room , at least , and i could look out without having to leave the safety of my bed . the window overlooked a lake  i would watch the water for hours . the water would move in predictable , orderly patterns , and i would slowly become less afraid . sometimes it was clear and i could see the stars , which always made me happy . sometimes , it was cloudy , and i could nt see anything . those nights were long . sometimes , it would storm , and rain and wind would slam into my window , and i would curl up tighter in my bed and cry and wish i could just fall asleep and go back home . newline newline on nights when i could see , after hours of looking out the window , the horizon would begin to lighten and i would stretch and strain against my tiredness to stay awake , and almost stay awake long enough to see the sun , but inevitably , i fell asleep and returned to my tower room . newline newline still other nights , maybe one in five , i would have a visitor . a face would appear in the crosshatched window , watch me for a minute , then the door would open . the man would walk in and spin around my room s one chair to face me and sit down . he always wore loosely fitting blue clothes and carried a stack of papers . i would never move from my curledup position on my bed , and he would always smile at me , as if waiting for something . newline newline  i ve been thinking about what you told me about the tower ,  he said , his voice low and steady .  you told me that it s better there because it s always light , right ?  newline newline i nodded . newline newline  and it s always dark here ?  he asked , looking into my eyes . newline newline i hunched down more and nodded again . tonight was a clear night , and the stars were out , and the sky was beginning to get lighter , and i wished he would just go away . maybe this time i could stay awake , if i really tried . newline newline he sighed .  you know , i ve told you before that you would eventually have to choose . that choice is entirely up to you to make . but i have one question for you , my friend .  newline newline he paused until i looked up at his face again . newline newline  would you rather stay in a place where you are always afraid of the night ? or would you rather stay in a place where you are always looking forward to the dawn ?  newlineit had nt been a good wednesday . i was late to work because of a stoppage on the 6 train out of murray hill , my computer crashed right in the middle of my weekly marketing projections , and some asshole ate my deconstructed quinoa salad . also i was hit by a winnebago on my way to visit a keffir cleansing clinic somewhere in greenwich . how the hell a winnebago got into manhattan , i have no idea , but i thought it would nt matter because i was dead . newline newline west side highway  that had to be how they got here . newline newline anyway , being dead , you can imagine how shocked i was to wake up inside said winnebago . also , as i looked out the window , i saw fields of corn and ... i do nt know ... soybeans , maybe ? well , it certainly was nt midtown . newline newline  good morning !  a high , squeaky voice called from behind me , scaring the shit out of me .  i see that you re finally back from central afterlife processing  do you have your 12324a with affixed disposition statement ?  i stared blankly at a pale , scrawny woman wearing clothing that had to be a hundred years out of fashion . she had a white bonnet and was covered in blood , her throat obviously torn apart . newline newline  wolves ,  she simply replied ,  but i have to take people s word on it  you ll soon discover that you ca nt see your reflection anywhere . your form ?  newline newline  am i ... am i dead ? !  i shouted . newline newline  quite . and from the look of it   she pointed at my face   you definitely saw it coming .  i felt my face all over , to no avail . it was like feeling air . that s when i suddenly noticed that i could nt feel the ground beneath me , or the clothes against my skin . there was nothing to smell , and it struck me that i was nt breathing , either . newline newline  holy shit , i m actually ... dead ... .  newline newline  yes . as for the form ,  she continued politely ,  you ll find it in your shirt pocket .  i reached in and produced a small , yellowing scroll , sealed in bloodred wax . i slowly handed it to her , still reeling from the realization that i really , truly had died . and that i was on a winnebago . a thought occurred to me : i turned to the driver s area . but instead of the elderly couple who were the last living faces i ever saw , there were two women , probably in their early thirties . newline newline  this is the rv that hit me , right ?  newline newline  oh yes . according to your disposition statement , the last words you ever uttered as a living creature were  and i quote  damn it all to hell  .  so the processor decided to damn this vehicle by having you haunt it .  newline newline  forever ? !  i cried , not relishing an eternity in a winnebago . newline newline oh heavens no ,  she chuckled .  only until it is destroyed . after that , you get to disappear into eternal rest .  newline newline  oh ... well , that does nt sound so bad . how do i haunt this ?  she simply shrugged her shoulders . newline newline  not my department . i just process the 12324 forms . i m sure you ll figure something out . my advice is just to focus on one thing , do nt try to do too much .  she stood up from the bed and gave me a thumbsup .  best of luck to you , sir .  newline newline  hold on ,  i said .  how long have you been doing ... all this ?  she grimaced , her face screwed up in concentration . newline newline  one hundred ninetyeight years . only two to go .  newline newline  why so long ?  newline newline  the money s good ,  she stated simply . and in an instant , she was gone . newline newline  newline newline the funny thing is , melissa and juliet were really cool people . sure , the first day was awful . i d tried everything i could think of : screaming as loud and as long as possible  you can shout until the sound of your own voice annoys you , saying as you do nt need to breathe  , banging on walls  you ll actually push yourself through solid material before you make a sound  , and making things go haywire  i can affect small electronics and electrical systems , but the worst i did was give the radio a bit of static  . newline newline by the end if the third week , i was exhausted , mentally if not physically . while i did nt need sleep , i still took naps to alleviate the boredom . i slept on the floor of the winnebago since i could nt feel discomfort anymore . i had been sleeping on the bed out of habit , but the second night i d woken up to them having sex . even though i was dead , i thought they should have a bit of privacy . newline newline i learned a lot about them , being forced to listen to their conversations . they d bought the winnebago from the old couple who d killed me , and were driving to portland . melissa had a tenyearold daughter at a private school there who juliet was in the process of adopting . they were both allergic to cats and loved country music .  i never said it was a fun trip .  newline newline i ended up not trying to haunt the winnebago anymore  not only was it futile , but i had a lot of reading to catch up on . did you know that when authors die , they re given the option to keep writing ? newline newline in fact , i was on the twentyfifth book in the lord of the rings series  the one where gimli s grandsons journey back to middle earth to rescue a kidnapped legolas  when i finally figured out how to haunt the damned winnebago . by accident , no less . melissa s  and juliet s at this point  daughter madysynn was along for a drive up to seattle . juliet was standing near me , making sandwiches in the kitchenette . madysynn turned around in the passenger seat and shouted  smile !  i was caught by surprise as she snapped a photo with an oldfashioned polaroid instant camera . thinking nothing of it , i continued reading as two of the grandsons sang a lamentation over the body of the third . newline newline  hey , look at that ,  madysynn said .  does that look like a guy s face ?  i froze instantly . no way ... . i got up and crept to where she and juliet were sitting , watching as the photo developed . juliet appeared slowly , holding a sandwich and grinning . and sure enough , right where i was sitting , there was a vague , blurry form of a person . there was no detail to it at all , just an outline and two dark circles for eyes . if i had nt personally been sitting there , even i would nt have guessed it was me . newline newline  ehh ,  juliet said ,  it s probably just a bad spot on the film . it s got ta be 20 years old by now .  madysynn looked disappointed . newline newline  how do you know it s not a ghost ?  she asked . melissa laughed . newline newline  how on earth would an rv be haunted ?  newline newline  i do nt know ,  madysynn replied ,  maybe it hit someone and they died .  melissa and juliet both went ghostly pale .  holy crap !  madysynn exclaimed , seeing the looks on their faces .  did someone really die ? !  newline newline  maddy , honey ,  juliet finally said ,  there s no such thing as ghosts . dead . newline newline i m sure . i must be . nothing else makes sense . there s no other reasonable explanation . newline newline  i do nt have a stunning physique . i do nt have enough money to live ... i do nt have the goddamned equipment for you . all i ve got is all i ve ever had  personality . but a sense of humor does nt count for much anymore . i can navigate a conversation like sully on the fucking hudson . i can make people forget who they are and laugh in despair . and you , can make me forget who i am without a single word . it s all so meager , the vestigial things i have for you , the effervescent adornments . every sigh , every crooked smile , every stupid joke i ll ever force , you take smiling . every halfassed , needlessly introspective , silly attempt at affection , every sweaty palm , every nervous kiss , reciprocated .  newline newline  and ?  newline newline i paused . then :  and what ?  newline newline  and , what s the point ? you thought i was superficial ?  newline newline have i clumsily stirred placid waters ? i pondered the details , and slogged on . newline newline  are you saying that you re prettier than me ?  newline newline he laughed , or chuckled , or something , he saw me . he saw me , who i pretend to be and more . he sees who i mean to be , and it does nt matter . he reached towards me , and we melted together , we stood a moment . staring into his eyes , holding each other so tight , i must be dead . there s no way on god s earth that i have done anything to deserve this . i m no saint , i m no martyr , i m not a fucking good example for my dog . newline newline  what ?  newline newline i stopped . newline newline  what , what s up ?  newline newline  what are you thinking ?  newline newline his brow was furrowed , watching . watching my expression , watching my brain . i am too expressive , he hears me . he can see my thoughts in my face . he s smiling now , as i struggle to explain myself . as i choke on all those stupid , clever , funny words . my soul , my love , my meaning , how they crinkle and crunch ! how they flutter away , these dry leaves falling , these notions of self . he is like the breath of winter , the cold wind , the blustering truth . a gentle snowfall , a biting gust , a reminder to the oak : we will fall . we will melt and die , but i will have your facade as i like it . newline newline  stop !  newline newline i stopped . for a moment . he took my hand . he took my last leaf . newline newline  calm .  newline newline i tried . i felt dizzy . the world s spinning faster . the sky could take us . newline newline would it even matter ? at this point ? what matters ? newline newline us ? hey , kid watch out !  newline newline newline something heavy slammed into me sending me flying into the air landing on the ground . newline my mouth tasted salty and then sour , my world a confusion of black and red and disjointed images . newline newline  sergeant lawrence ,  i said and then i blacked out . newline newline newline  newline newline i woke up in a hospital . saint clares maybe . my head was numb , heavy with the drugs . newline  are you okay , champ ?  newline newline newline it was my father . newline newline newline i nodded my head . newline newline newline  is he dead ? homeless guy  i mumbled newline newline newline  yes , son ... . the car.. the car crushed him  , a voice said from somewhere far far away . newline newline newline  good man ,  i said .  used to sneak allowance ... him . still bought him coffee wjen ... i see him  newline newline newline  its okay , honey ,  something said as i drifted back to sleep . newline newline newline  newline newline i tried to pay my respects to sergeant lawrence after i got out but how could i ? he had been erased . his spot was already taken . even his cart , something so distinctly him , was gone  impounded , maybe trashed . i tried finding his family but he had none . all that remains is a paupers plot . it almost seems like magic the way you could look back and never know he was here . even though i know life is not a story and things in reality may be far different than the stories we tell it seems bizarre that this good action by this man gets no storybook ending , no happily ever after , no nothing . newline newline newline my father told me that you can always respect someone by thinking of them and living well in their honour and i try to do that . newline newline newline even though . even though its getting harder to remember him . my memories are hazy , his face becomes harder to recall . and i look and realise how few of the good people i know i still think of everyday . people move on . people forget . newline newline newline but , i try to remember . newline newline newline i try to remember . newline newline newline newline newline newline i believe its worth fighting to remember .hiding in an alleyway blake crouched amidst the shadows the full moon cast . it was one of his favorite hunting spots due to its slow trickling traffic  it was also one of the few places in the city with its obnoxious nightlife and distracting crime that in comparison warranted few passersby  s . a drawback playing hand in hand with the scarce onlooking of fewer witnesses . as patient as he was sympathetic he preferred not to waste his time and another  s life by cutting the jugulars of the nosy . newline newline albeit several people had already crossed his path , like a young woman teetering to a fro on stilts for heels , falling into the graffitied walls for support , stretching her tight clothing as she rummaged through her purse for yet another bottle of alcohol to replace the previous which glass lay shattered , joining older bottles smashed by raving addicts to whom discarded them once their use had outlived them and liquor ran dry . following the drunk not long after was a teenager whose gender was unidentifiable under the disguise of dark clothing . the youngster  s knowledge of the streets was more than commendable as they were in and out of the alley in a heartbeat , keeping their head on the swivel the kid  s perceptiveness was so refined as to sense and identify blake  s presence . a feat both individuals recognized as their eyes locked before the teenager broke it and subsequently sped up . newline ten minutes later , a small child no more than four skipped by followed by two others whose faces mirrored the first . triplets ? blake wondered , intrigued . tripping over air , the child at the caboose of its siblings , face planted and coming to terms with the pain that followed , begun to cry . two older kids came into view one scooping up the fallen child while the other went after the escapees . the group of what blake suspected was siblings hurriedly exited the alley from whence they came , the older children herding the younger . next with a cane and yellow sun hat an older woman waltzed through , her pale features illuminated by the lone flickering light of the passageway . newline newline like a wolf with a walrus , he let them pass as he had standards , preferences , if it wasn  t a guy , an adult male , he didn  t bother . he enjoyed the thrill of the hunt , the rush and bloodlust that ensued when he engaged another male in a struggle for life , a battle for survival , a decisive duel to the death . newline newline a cool breeze passed him by , conjuring goosebumps on his skin and warming his blood as his heart pumped it faster in the chill that extended through him . he twirled his jagged knife over his fingers impatiently from one hand to the other before popping it up into the air with a knuckle and snatching it as it returned . licking its edge , he grinned . then closing his eyes took a deep breath and released , opening his eyes to catch the dissipating wisps of his condensed breath . he embraced cold weather for it encouraged him to fight harder in the effort to kill faster before succumbing to its numbing spell . newline newline the distinct sound of a heavy boot splashing on water made itself heard at the right end of the alley . the footstep had some weight behind it , hinting at the possibility of a man . blake rose , trembling slightly in anticipation  a cold sweat forming on his brow as he readied the military grade knife before him . then the click of heels hit the pavement at a fast uneven pace . a woman ? he wondered startled , where had she come from ? blake had heard only the man  he held his breath as the heavier footsteps continued in the heeled woman  s wake . oh so it was a pursuer . blake licked his lips as he tasted the fear rolling off a black haired woman in her passing . the smallest of smiles escaped him as he fought to rein down his all but bursting excitement , the pursuer was to be pursuedoh , it was to be more magnificent than he could  ve imagined , yes , he assured himself , this man  this one for sure was bound to be strong . lucky . newline newline then there was the man , his target and to be victim with his white creepy hockey mask , dark hat and gun as black as night by his side . the woman  s presence was a surprise as they were rare visitors come nighttime and catching a glimpse of her disturbing pursuer blake was enraged . it was a sin to kill a woman  they were angels , to be worshiped and whom men owed their devotion . all men were demons , only through honoring women could their existence be tolerated and have meaning , all others ? well , that  s where he came in , as wayward men needed to die . newline newline a scream jerked him out of his thoughts , it had occurred further down the alley and the man in pursuit had since passed blake  s niche . newline newline  help ! someoneanyone , ple   a voice cried before something or someone hit its owner . newline newline  shut up ! damnhope no one heard thatshutno , quit struggling  newline newline darting into the alleyway at a dead sprint guided by the direction of the voices alone , blake happened upon them with the man holding the woman , trapping her against the wall , throwing his arm forward in what blake assumed , was not the first punch . coming up behind the man , blake catching the man  s arm with his free hand came around with his other to slide the knife , slight bent tip and all , into the fleshy right of the offenders back . newline newline  ughwhawhat the hell man ? oh god , oh   the man let loose a dejected through delayed scream of pain , blake wrenched the knife out , tearing flesh and skin in the process . pushing the man off and away from the woman , blake flipped his knife around his hand and popping it into the air caught it , grinning from ear to ear . oh yes , this one , this one for sure was bound to give him a hell of a fight . newline newline the man scrambling to his feet raised the gun unsteadily and pointed it at blake .  oh , sso , you think that was fufunny , huh ? wewell how  s this ?  he asked cocking the gun and aiming it at blake  s head .  gon na try playing hero again dumbass , huh ? don  t take a knife to a gunfight ,  kay ?  cause you  ll get fucked up , liklike this !  newline newline moving his head to the side as the man shot , the bullet made contact with the woman behind him , grinding through bone and brain as it burrowed into her skull . she dropped , her legs giving out under her , the body hit the pavement . newline newline looking over his shoulder , blake shook his head and sighed .  what a waste.  newline newline  the hhehell ? whawhat are you man ? some type of twisty as ninja ?  the man said , as his began pulling the trigger .  die damn it !  newline newline throwing his knife , blake got down , flattening himself to the ground as bullets whizzed by overhead . the man above screamed dropping the gun . he held his shooting arm , gaping at the knife embedded . eyes wide and breathing heavily , he turned and made a break for it . newline newline blake sprinted after him in hot pursuit , like hell he  d let this guy leave the alley . past here was the city , were open killing became a little morecomplicated . nonetheless he  d have to make quit work of the man and get out of dodge before onlookers attracted by the gunshots found the body and began pointing fingers and writing alibis . newline newline a drop of sweat fell into his eye cutting off his vision in his left eye for a few precious seconds as he neared his target . whipping out a second knife , blake chucked it . the weapon made contact with the man  s calf and he went down with a yelp nearly face planting . bringing his wounded leg to his chest he writhed on the ground as a racking spasm overtook him , allowing blake time enough to catch up at a walk . blake bringing down his foot , instead made contact with the man  s injured arm as the pursued made a feeble and unwise attempt to block . boot met the knife  s hilt , casting it deeper into the man  s arm . the man shrieked , clutching his arm as tears worked their way out of his eyes then his body relaxed having a pain overload , knocked the man out . reaching over as he mounted the man , blake wrenched the knife out from the man  s leg causing pain enough to rouse the fainted man with a scream . newline newline splaying his hand over his victims mask  holding him down  blake pulling back his knife arm , drove the blade into the man  s jugular . newline newline  yesss , oh ... yes.  blake whispered captivated by the moment . pushing the knife in further , blake rode the waves of the man  s bucks and shudders until death looming over the horizon , claimed the still soul in its passing . newline newline dropping his hands from the knife , blake grabbed the dead man  s hair and slammed his head into the cement for finality , survivors were a pain . newline newline sighing , he reclaimed his blades . newline newline  it  s always over too soon.  blake muttered , taking one last look at the body before turning back and walking deeper into the alley . standing over the body of the dead woman , he knelt put his hands in a prayer like prose , closed his eyes respectfully and murmured a few prayers on her behalf before sticking his bloodstained hands in his pockets and casually continued walking . exiting the back of the alley he joined the night crowds illuminated under the guidance of their well lit streets . newline newline   newline newline rbloodbone  author s note : with all respect , i carried on a bit long . this is the first part , the second to be found in the first comment . i wish you all a wonderful night .   newline newline                               newline newline  i m , ah , dreadfully sorry , you what ?  newline newline newline the teller peered over neatly stacked paper of three colors : azure , crimson , and marigold . his glasses framed beady , wet eyes which narrowed and widened like gills . his hair was a great oil slick spilled into a bonewhite ocean . it lay close to his scalp , glistening in the garish halogen light . his eyes flickered towards the nearest exit with a speck of what could have been hope , as though he might find an answer there . newline newline newline  i would like to apply for an immediate induction into those foul , drunken , gloriously incompetent denizens of the mortal coil . form a1e1 , if i m not mistaken . you have the forms . is there a particular purpose for your delay ?  newline newline newline the teller gave half a laugh that tugged the corner of his lips into a grotesque smirk before it quivered back to a submissively clueless expression . a bead of sweat formed on his left temple . he gazed once again at the door and may have given a bit of a sigh . his eyes were the sort of green you might find at the corner of a recently fouled gutter . his voice was halting and strained , as though each syllable had to fumble blindly for a moment before tripping into the next one . newline newline newline  i see , ah , well ... ah . you are ... that is to say , you are , well ... death .  newline newline newline a man sat opposite a desk from the teller , right leg folded , foot resting easily on his left knee . grey eyes peered steadily out from beneath thin , dark eyebrows like the reflection of a cloudy day off of a frozen lake . one of those eyebrows raised now . newline newline newline  goodness , am i ? and here i am thinking i only had a terribly impressive handshake ! why , this explains so much . my existence s mysteries unveiled . truly . astonishing . thank you .  each word was so dry that the teller found himself growing thirsty . the man s hair was pulled into a long , thick gray ponytail braided intricately down the back of an exquisitely tailored suit . thin scraps of black paper were woven into the braid , each of them bearing a single name . some of them burned , snapped and smoked . others fell periodically as ash . still more seemed to emerge from the braid itself , born out of nothing . newline newline newline  did you not hear me ?  the man leaned forward slowly .  i said , thank you  .  newline newline newline  i did hear you , ah , i only , erm . you re welc  newline newline newline  it was not sincere ,  his voice cracked through the teller s like a shattering mountain ,  i have told you my request , i have been most civil , will you fulfill my need ? or must i find another who can ? i must wonder , if i should need to seek out another what is your purpose here at all ? certainly not for conversation .  newline newline newline  i , ah ... um ,  the teller stammered and the sweat on his brow became a multitude , a cascade of nervous perspiration . the teller snatched clumsily for a pocket handkerchief at his breast and dabbed with what he hoped was some semblance of dignity .  most , ah ... certainly not . sir . death , sir , ah , let me call my supervisor . i m ... ah , sure he ll be able to help you .  newline newline newline  wondrous .  newline newline newline the teller picked up a depressingly featureless phone and brought fat fingers crashing down haphazardly on oily keys . he waited a moment . there was a buzzing from his ear and he began to mumble a rapid and incomprehensible slew of words which may or may not have contained the phrases  help me  ,  malach hamavet  , and  pretty , pretty please  . those wet eyes slowly peered up . the man was staring at him . coolly . unmoving . the teller found his breath catching in his throat and gave a cough which sounded suspiciously like  hurry  . the phone was lowered with a click . the man s scrutiny never wavered as the teller awkwardly found a place on his desk to lay his hands . his fingers trembled as he folded them . he gulped . like a thoughtful dedication to every moment wasted , a clock ticked off the seconds . newline newline newline  you know , i ve always hated that nickname ,  breathed the man . his eyes were granite . the teller s eyes were saucers . newline newline newline  i , ah ... which , er which one ?  newline newline newline  malach ,  the man sat back once again , and brought his own hands before him , laying them one over the other delicately .  all of them , really . such nonsense . grim reaper , i mean really . do i appear grim to you ?  the teller stared horrified into the headlights of death s question . the truth was on his traitor tongue , and so he clamped his teeth together so hard that his cheeks began to ache .  harvester of dusky disposition at my worst . the arrogance . as though i can be summarized into some grand , grandly insulting caricature . like some sort of humanoid , convenient constant for the masses to follow . as though i have some form that steps into their pointless stories .  newline newline newline  do nt , ah , do nt you have a form , though ? the form , ah , you , uh ... currently ...  newline newline newline flint struck steel in the man s gaze . the teller wished with all of his might for the ability to melt into cheap polyester . newline newline newline  this form , you must mean ? i m terribly sorry , but deciphering meaning from you is rather like trying to identify a pleasing aroma in a compost heap . if what i were searching for lay there it would be impossible to find for everything useless that surrounds it . do you want to hear the truth ?  the man smiled , the teller immediately wondered what inhumane means might exist for eradicating a memory and who he might ask about it .  the truth is that i am all of them and none of them . i am everything and nothing , and i am the punctuation that separates the two . life is , life does , but life is disgustingly reckless , unpredictable , and disorganized . i am the constant .  slowly the man stood and leaned over the teller s desk .  very few things truly are . everything ends .  newline newline newline  s ... sir ?  newline newline newline the man turned his head toward the offending squeak to find a man who had wasted no time in growing afraid but was trying really very hard to disguise it . thick brown locks curled over his left temple cartoonishly , stubble on his chin was trimmed meticulously to a uniform 2.5 millimeters . his suit was ill fit but presentable , the sort of outfit which denotes responsibility to someone not entirely ready for it . inwardly he questioned his life and choices . newline newline newline  ah , perhaps in you i might find a man who has retained use .  the man stood in one smooth action , like a cat leaping into a pool of mercury . he strode confidently toward the ill suited man . a grin peppered his lips causing his cheeks to crinkle . in the dull , uniform light his jaw was long and gaunt .  i wish to apply for an immediate transfer into the ranks of the living . i wish to stride on the sandy beaches , i wish to smell the lavender of a poorly made candle , i wish to mock the foolish in a voice that they wo nt run from . at first .  newline newline newline  i see ,  stated the supervisor .  well , you see , there is a complication concerning your current station .  newline newline newline  which station is that ? i do so frequently forget .  newline newline newline the supervisor swallowed the fear which threatened to rise into his throat in the form of a wavering whimper .  well , sir , you are death .  newline newline newline  goodness , am i ? !  the man s voice rose and the shadows in the room seemed to grow darker , the light dimmer , the air heavier .  here i ve felt the warmth in every man s last breath and i had assumed i only had dreadful luck .  he took a step closer to the supervisor , who had to fight his own legs for control as though they were live things in a trap .  what is your name ?  newline newline newline  i am ... zacharius ,  the supervisor stammered . the teller stared between them , the unfortunate bystander to an unfolding calamity . he felt like a man watching a tsunami wave , or a thundercloud . he waited for the crash . he waited for the lightening . newline newline newline  zacharius , an old one , my . tell me , zacharius , what did you do to earn your esteemed position ?  newline newline newline the supervisor opened his mouth but no words came out . he closed it and felt himself deflate . the power he had thought was enjoyable was in fact a figment of his own imagination , he had just realized .  murder , sir .  newline newline newline  murder , yes ,  the man s voice was broken glass , boulders shifting against one another .  we ve met , then . i remember . you gave her to me , zacharius , oh , my , yes how you gave her . your enthusiasm . your drive was a shining thing , my good man . all flashing steel and crimson fire . less enthusiastic when i met you for the second time , if i recall . do you recall , zacharius ?  he stepped so close that zacharius was forced to look up the crags of death s visage to meet his gaze . the shadows were obsidian .  do you recall how we met ? camelia did nt know that she was obviously being weird . there was this one time when she suddenly fainted in the middle of class . i was the stronger guy so i offered to carry her up the flight of stairs to the school s clinic . newline newline she ... was pretty heavy for a 5 foot girl who had a slim body . when i climbed the stairs , i accidentally tripped and fell . i was such a klutz . newline newline the weird thing was that she made a dent on the floor . i did biology so i know how the human skeleton was never harder than concrete . i was curious . was she superhuman ? i could nt tell . newline newline i carried her up again and noticed a screw dropped out from her head . then , a panel opened from her head . i dropped her again in fright . i swore . i made another dent on the floor ... great . newline newline on the inside of the panel it read  android camelia .  so ... ... ... all these while , it was nt that she was just a plain weird and naive girl ? it was because she was an android ? ? ? newline newline i was taking in the bizarre new information when i heard glass breaking . i dragged camelia to a corner as i heard gunshots and people screaming . what the hell was going on . newline newline just then , i saw the school s nurse . he gestured me go to him . i went towards him and he facepalmed . newline newline  grab the girl idiot !  he yelled . i was still confounded . he rolled his eyes as he ran down the stairs and carried her on his back .  do i have to do everything myself ? idiot kids . now follow me !  newline newline he led me into the school clinic and he locked the door behind me . he placed camelia down and barricaded the door . newline newline  i knew they will come for her ,  he panted as i stared at camelia s lifeless body .  they dropped an emp which fried her circuits . her restoration nanobots and programs should be kicking in . she ll boot up eventually .  newline newline what emp ? what nanobots ? what ? what the heck is going on ? ?... the lights go out . the gigantron flares to life , showing , in graphic and unedited detail , the moment the blue flame lost his life . he stood atop the bottomright turnbuckle , prepared , one would assume , to perform his signature corkscrew moonsault . the rising flame pillar , he called it , a flashy attack of the type once called highrisk maneuvers  . that s when blackfire , feuding with his former compatriot from the stable known as the flames of hades , rushed the ropes . he was only supposed to shake them , and blue flame was supposed to wobble , before falling and landing assfirst on the aforementioned turnbuckle . the pain would be nearly as bad as what he conveyed to the audience , but that was a part of the game . newline newline instead , he lost his balance , standing completely up , and fell backward . this has happened many times in the past , the difference though , was in how he landed . his left foot slipped somehow , preventing him from leaping clear of the steel steps beneath him . he caught the last step as he fell , on his neck , breaking it instantly . the crowd stopped chanting immediately and completely . blackfire was catatonic , knowing instantly , from his years of training and observation what just happened . newline newline the next scenes were brief flashes of what happened next . blackfire screaming , screaming for medical help , and not stopping till the paramedics on call rushed the ring . blue flame s motionless body loaded with utmost care onto the stretcher , neck immobilized . blackfire grabbing his hair in disbelief , then tearing it out in anguish . vomit . panning shots of traumatized children , some with blue flame masks . newline newline the screen went black . newline newline  harrison dyson , the man known as the blue flame ,  the announcer started opening the show one week after the tragedy ,  has died in a horrible accident . our condolences go out to the friends and loved ones , to his wife and children , to all the superstars who called him brother , and to uwf fans the world over . now , we ask that everyone in the audience please rise and observe a moment of silence , as the bell tolls ten times in honor of the blue flame  . newline newline after the tolling of the bell , a montage of the great moments in the career of one of the fastest rising stars in the company . incubus  pardon me fittingly played over it . once it ended , the lights rose again , and in the middle of the ring , dressed in a simple black buttondown , was rich rizan , the man called blackfire . his luxurious hair was shaved nearly completely , and he sported a week s worth of stubble . his eyes were puffy and bloodshot , and his face seemed ready to break with emotion . newline newline when the fans saw him , he stood , for ten long minutes , enduring their genuine hatred . he had become a  heel  in the last few months , the reason the flames of hades broke up , in fact , but even children knew it was mostly an act . no , this was the anger of real events . they hated him , even if they knew , deep down , he had nt intended for his friend to die . the mic was at his mouth , ready to speak at any moment , but he waited calmly for the boos to die down . at the top of the entrance , half the cast of the uwf stood , most wearing blue armbands with black letters spelling blue flame , in solidarity with the man about to speak . the first thing he did was point to them . newline newline  you see that ?  he said , when at last he spoke .  those men and women up there , are my family . they would not have allowed me into this building if they had even the slightest reason to think i did anything intentional ,  his voice was raspy , as though he d been crying nonstop the entire week . the funeral was just the day prior . newline newline  my name is richard rizan . blackfire is gone . blue flame ... no , harry dyson , and myself , may have had our differences , both in the real world , and exaggerated for television , but he too was my brother . we in this business ...  richard s hand dropped , and for a long moment he seemed overwhelmed by emotion . his legs suddenly weak , he walked over to and leaned on the ropes for support , very near the turnbuckle where his friend stood , at the literal and figurative height of his game , just seven days ago . newline newline  we in this business ,  he started again , pointedly ignoring the smattering of boos still coming up ,  live by a code . the code says that we put our lives on the line every night to entertain you people . everything we do , fake  as some of you may think , is very real . failure to properly perform a move can be fatal . that s why we hold each other to the highest standards of professionalism . we train like our lives depend on it , because they do . but even still , we do nt always succeed . backs have been broken , quads torn , spleens punctured , paralysis inflicted  those are the risks we take as performers . newline newline  i came here to give you what you deserve ,  he continued ,  an answer . why did i kill my friend ?  a new chorus of boos erupted from that , which he anticipated . he felt he deserved that hate , to wear it like a cloak . newline newline  i loved that man like a brother !  his voice broke , and tears now streamed down his face without end .  i failed him that night . i hit his foot instead of the rope . if you replay that moment , you ll see it . i was tired  we had been going for 45 minutes . i did nt flare my arms out wide enough . but that is no excuse ! his other foot got caught on something , otherwise he would have jumped . he may have broken his ankle or leg , but he d still be with us . newline newline  i blame myself , even if no one that matters does . i grew up in this business with harry  we both came out of the midwestern league together . if any one of you thinks you re more heartbroken than i am , you re mistaken . i can take your boos , but what i ca nt take , is the idea that i wanted to hurt that man for real ,  he cried unabashedly , but stared defiantly at an audience that hated him . slowly though , they were going quiet . newline newline  i know that probably most of you get it . you know that this was an accident . if you re booing , it s only because you re hurting . you lost a good man . your children lost a hero , someone they could cheer for , and look up to . you do nt blame me any more than they do ,  he pointed again to the other wrestlers , some weeping openly , others consoling or being consoled . newline newline  nevertheless , even if they forgive me , i may never forgive myself . my fellow superstars have told me repeatedly not to beat myself up over it , to not overthink a situation i had no control of . they begged me not to make the announcement i came to make  . one of the  buffettes  , the trademarked name for the female talent , shook her head vigorously before being wrapped up by another wrestler . newline newline  ... that s right . blackfire is no more . rich rizan is no longer a member of the uwf roster . i am announcing my resignation from the company , effective immediately ,  if nothing could stun the crowd into silence before , that certainly did . suddenly , all those that remained angry in the face of his moving speech were now sympathetic . they understood : wanting him gone , and actually having it , it seemed , were two different things . newline newline  i ca nt keep coming into this ring and remembering what happened ,  he continued , now numb it seemed , from pouring his heart out ,  and i ca nt look at you all , thinking that all you see in me is the moment blue flame fell to his death . it would nt be fair to any of us . what happens from here on , i ... have nt really thought about . but for now , i think this is the best for everybody . i m sorry . goodbye .  he dropped the mic and left the ring , slowly trudging up the ramp to a chorus of  flammie ! flammie !  chants as blue flame s intro music played . newline newline the blonde buffette that objected to his quitting , in a blue and white spandex twopiece , tried to reach out for him , but he was having none of it . his piece spoken , he was inconsolable once more , and needed to be alone . it was a long , long road ahead of him . how would he survive ? wrestling was all he knew . but that was also a peril of the game .the nurse hands me a clear cup and assures me that there is a variety of pornographic magazines and dvds to choose from on the other side of the door . newline newline he lied . there isn  t much , at least not much that appears to have been lovingly used already . i grab for the magazine that looks the least touched . i flip my way through the pages until i get to a slightly older broad , jet black hair , bangs , pale and wrinkled , unnaturally round tits that stick off the chest like snow globes . she reminds me a lot of angelica . it seems only fitting that i spank it thinking of her . newline newline if only i could get hard . with enough focus and attention i can ejaculate , though saying i get erect would be a bit of a stretch . more like plump . one hell of a way to spend a saturday morning . newline newline i wash my hands , zip my fly and get the hell out of there . newline newline she  s waiting in the car . i open the passenger door and get in . her eyes are rolled back again , it takes me saying something to bring her out of the trance . newline newline  there wasn  t much , but i came in the cup.  newline newline saliva drips from her pale dry lips . she clutches my crotch before the muscles in my face can tense in disgust .  drained of thy splendor . at long last , the child that is owed will be . good tallywags.  newline newline angelica promised me eternal life in exchange for a child that came from my tallywags , as she lovinglyunlovingly referred to them . every time she uses that word , i throw up in my mouth not just a little . newline newline how was i supposed to know it would be nearly impossible to fulfill that promise . how was i supposed to know i  d lose lots of human function the night she washed me in the blood of lamb in my hospital bed . i  d been diagnosed and fighting a losing battle with leukemia 4 years earlier at 17 . newline newline to be honest , i wish i could go back in time and undo it all . newline newline  the dark moon offers a maiden womb.  newline newline   will you tell me now what you want this kid ?  a question i  ve asked before , but never gotten an answer . newline newline her clammy hand brushes my cheek .  dear , the child that is owed will be served to the house.  newline newline  served ?  i ask .  served how ? eaten ?  newline newline she nods as a smile grows across the cracked skin of her face .  the child will be raised in the coven by its father.  she coughs , her hand still resting on my genitals makes me flinch .  and in the seventh year , once the child has ripened , t  will be boiled and consumed entirely  newline newline i zone out as she continues . i can  t move . newline newline  the fingers and toes go quickest on the table . we slurp the marrow from the bone . then we chew and crunch on those until they can be swallowed . but the ears are my favorite.  newline newline as she elaborates on the meal we  re to share , i realize i m excited by it . perhaps my new lot in life is this , raising and eating my own child with a witch i met on craigslist . newline newline  ..every part of a child is delicious . just whatever you do , make sure you do nt chew the tallywags.  newline newlinetwo boys stand next to small cottage and hug each other , as their mother speaks to older man nearby . her words are full of sorrow , and warped by foreign accent . newline  thank you for taking care of him  she says , fighting off the tears .  i just i won  t be able to do it . he is good boy , you will see  her voices cracks and tears start to roll down . newline  now , now don  t weep . it shall all be good.  says old man .  it shall all be good . now , go to your children.  a faint hint of smile appears on woman  s face . she goes to the pair of children and with visible effort tries to be strong . newline newline  kids , we talked about it.  she says in french .  elliot , go to your grandma . jan , you must go to your grandpa . we will meet each other often , i promise . i must go to paris , to my sister . she needs my help . and you  her voice rises , so she stops to regain composure .  i need you two to be strong . please , be strong.  newline she turns around and hides her face in hands . two boys break the hug and turn around . they slowly walk towards their new guardians . newline newline newline forty five years later newline newline newline yellow gas has already been blown away by wind . man in major  s uniform wades through trenches . one or two times his legs fail him and he nearly trips on debris of fallen building and limbs torn from bodies . he stops when he sees a man dressed in sergeant  s attire approaching him . mein herr , i report that the enemy is deserting , injured or dead .  hand he has raised to salute officer was visibly shaking . the man who just killed thousands , scared when faced with another murderer . major nods , and sends young officer off with gesture of hand . newline newline he proceeds to walk through the battlefield , admiring the destruction . suddenly , among the bodies of people unfortunate enough to have inhaled the murderous gas , he sees a helmet of french commandant . he walks across what only few hours ago was witness and victim of fierce combat . newline newline he reaches the pile , and drags the body out of it . he turns the body around , so that he cansee the face of his fallen enemy . the sight makes his eyes widen , his jaw drop , and sweat appear on his face . he sees himself , as if he was looking in the mirror . it seems like that , at least . few scars in odd places , marks not present on german solider . but , no doubt , he holds a person of uncanny resemblance . in shock , he does not remember immediately the events of years long past . suddenly , a tear starts to roll down his cheek . now he remembers . and he won  t forget . he can  t forget . newlinei took a knife to my snow pants , cutting them a short as a could without them being risque . i did the same to one of my best hoodies , turning it into some sort of weird vest with a hood . i figured i d keep the hood as a sort of sun protection . they way things look , that sun wo nt be letting up anytime soon . i guess i d have to do this with all of my equipment . there s about 400  i wont be getting back from dick s sporting goods .  global warming will send us into a new ice age !  they said .  it s going to be so cold ! have nt you seen the day after tomorrow ?  we thought we had the end of the world all figured out . but of course , murphy and his laws had other things to say about that . did you know , stars will sometimes spontaneously expand without any reason ? none of us did . ugh , at this point i d gladly take a new ice age over this . i looked at the thermometer with utmost dread . 116 degrees fahrenheit . and only 10 in the morning too . we d probably hit 125 by noon . jesus . i d never thought i d see a temperature that high , much less at home . this is milwaukee for god s sake ! newline newline i sighed and tried not to think about it . i had to refit all of my gear by this evening if i wanted to try and catch a convoy heading north tonight . moving alone during the day was practically suicide . if a desperate refugee does nt jump you for your water , the heat will knock you flat on your ass before you could get a few miles . at least according to the reports on the ham radio . at least most of my food will still be good . hell , if it was nt dried and preserved it is now . the .45 should still work in theory too . thought i might have to wrap that black metal in something so it wont burn my hands at the touch . most of my stuff should still be good with only slight modifications . even these snow goggles would make a snazzy pair of dust goggles . at least i d leave a cool looking corpse thought out loud . i allowed myself a laugh as well . newline newline luckily i m up north far enough that i should make it before the mass waves of people migrating from the inhospitable south . i may be able to scope out a nice spot in canada for myself too . maybe i ll get a whole bunch of people together and start a little town . i ve played enough banished . i bet i could figure it out . and i wo nt even have to worry about the winter phases either ! yep , we ll find ourselves a clearing and create our own little slice of paradise ! give us a few years and we humans will figure this out . another decade and everything will be back to normal . i bet hudson bay will make a lovely tropical getaway . perhaps i ll try to head there while the real estate s cheap .tap tap tap . newline newline it was driving franklin mad . newline newline tap tap tap . newline newline he had already checked the front door twice and was always met with nothing but air . newline newline tap tap tap . newline newline was this incessant knocking just a product of his imagination ? was he slowly descending into madness ? newline newline tap tap tap . newline newline for no apparent reason , other than the figurative wires finally connecting in his brain , franklin finally realized the knocking was coming from the closet door . newline newline loaded with trepidation and fear , he slowly shuffled toward his single closet in his one bedroom , one bathroom apartment . if could have been a wild animal , infected with rabies , waiting to pounce on his and sink its claws deep within his flesh . newline newline or it could have been a homeless man who broke in and somehow managed to trap himself in franklin s closet . he s read about this happening to some woman in japan . newline newline as he gripped his moist , clammy hands around the golden doorknob , the knocking ceased . for franklin , the loud , rhythmic thumping of his heart had replaced the knocks . newline newline with a deep breath , he tightened his grip , turned the knob , and whipped open the closet door . newline newline out popped an old , crotchety man with a hunched back , donning a pair of aviation goggles . newline newline  franklin k. thurmond ! you must come with me ... to the future !  newline newline the old man slithered his arms around franklin s , beckoning him to make the trek forward . franklin tore his arms away in protest . newline newline  whoa ! old man ! i do nt know who the hell you are and what the hell you were doing in my closet , but you need to get the fuck out before i call the cops .  newline newline  you do nt recognize me , franklin ?  newline newline  hell no , old man !  newline newline  franklin , it s me . no , i m sorry , it s you . it s you from the future !  newline newline  ... what ?  newline newline  there s no time , we have to go through this vortex before it weakens and i m stuck in this lameass era with no super internet .  newline newline  what the hell is super internet ?  newline newline the old man extended his wrinkled arm with an open palm . newline newline  come with me if you want to find out .  newline newline franklin gripped the old man s arm and followed him into the light to another era ... an era with super internet ...my name is christopher robin . i was the boy who played in the hundred acre woods with my friends pooh , tiger , piglet , and rabbit . oh how much fun we had . pooh was such a silly bear . newline newline but now , i m an adult . i m the lead project manager at a construction company and the hundred acre woods is the spot of a new mall . so , i m driving back to the place i used to play with as a child to talk the creatures into leaving . newline newline newline my first stop , piglet s house . after leaving my car in an open field , i walk to his house . i open the door . there he is .  christopher robin ? you re back ! are you ready to play ?  he asks .  uh , no . piglet , i m not here for that . i actually wanted to know if you could leave the hundred acre woods . you see , my company thinks this place would be perfect for a mall .  i explain .  oh dear , that sounds complicated . but this is my home . it s where i play with my friends , with you !  he cries . newline newline  i m too old for playing ! i m a man now , do nt you get that ? now , you need to leave !  i yell .  okay . we had alot of fun together . it s a shame it has to end  piglet says , as he slowly disappears like a ghost . what the heck was that ? oh well , i have a job to do . newline newline next up , rabbit s house . i open the door and , of course , there he is . he s in the kitchen with his apron on .  ah , young christopher robin , i assume you re hungry from a long day of playing ? sit down , my carrot cake is almost done .  he tells me .  oh no , i m not here for food . i actually am here to tell you you need to leave . my company bought this land , and we re building a mall here . your house needs to go .  i explain . newline newline  oh , what are you talking about ? kids should play , and eat , yes eat . sit down and get ready for an amazing carrot cake  he replies .  no , i m grown up . i m a different person now , i m not a silly kid who plays . you need to leave !  i shout .  oh , what a shame . i never got to make you my carrot meatloaf  rabbit says , sighing , as he disappears into thin air . newline newline again , it happened again . i told them to move , to leave the forest , not to literally go away ! but , so be it . i walk to tiger s house next . i open the door and he comes bouncing up to me .  hey there christopher robin , ol  buddy ol  pal ! you ready to bounce , bounce , bounce ?  he asks .  no . i m here to tell you that you have to leave . your house is going to be torn down soon .  i tell him .  dont be silly , you re an honorary tiger ! tigers bounce because it s fun , fun , fun !  he replies , bouncing cheerfully . newline newline  no.i m not a kid . i ve changed . i ve outgrown all of this . you need to go !  i yell .  okay , i understand .  tiger says , with his head down and his tail between his legs . he disappears just like the others .  no , no , no ! what s happening ? where are they going ?  i say aloud , frustrated and confused . newline newline i hear a footstep in tiger s doorway . it s pooh .  ah , christopher robin , i knew you d be back . let s eat some honey !  he says .  no , pooh . i m not here for that . you need to find a new home . my company is building a mall here .  i tell him.  oh okay . goodbye .  he says , starting to fade away . newline newline  no , do nt , you do nt have to go ! you ca nt ! you can stay at my house ! i ll give you all the honey you want , you silly goddamn bear ! we can watch for shooting stars at night ! we can still be friends we can still play !  i yell , crying . it does no good . pooh dissapears . newline newline my best friends are gone . no more playing , no more honey , no more anything . but , honestly , i always knew this day would come . a 30 year old man with imaginary friends ? haha , that s ridiculous right ? hey , are you busy today ?  she floats at her usual spot  the intersection of 12th street and independence avenue . probably a traffic accident , and not too long ago  her clothes look like they re from the 21st century . newline newline i shake my head . after twentythree days of the same question , and the same answer , by now i thought she would have learned to stop asking .  sorry , i ve got to get to work .  sure , i feel guilty , but then again , serving as a psychotherapist for the deceased was a pro bono line of work , and as a recent college graduate struggling to keep an apartment in washington d.c. , it s something that i ca nt afford to do . newline newline she is there again the next day .  hey , are you busy today ?  newline newline honestly , my supervisor was fairly lenient  he would nt mind if i came in late one day . simply , the truth of the matter was that i did nt want to listen to her sob story . about how she should have been more careful crossing the road , about her wasted potential , about how she wished the living would take the time to truly live . newline newline i ve heard that lecture a million times . it s kind of funny how almost every ghost has the same regrets . newline newline i open my mouth , and the words come out automatically .  sorry , i m running late to work .  newline newline it s kind of become a familiar routine at this point . i ll swipe my metro card , exit the turnstile , and catch a glimpse of her wispy figure . she ll look up with a hopeful halfsmile , and i ll shake my head . before she s even asked the question , she already has her answer , but she asks it anyways , and as always , i give her my perfunctory reply . newline newline but monday , may 2nd , is different . i swipe my metro card , exit the turnstile , look up  and she is not there . newline newline the rest of the week passes by in a confused blur . on thursday , i go to the smithsonian metro station thirty minutes early and wait around , searching for her familiar blackandwhite skater dress . newline newline nothing . newline newline ghosts do nt simply disappear . sure , they re able to travel around , but almost all of the ones that i ve met before stick to their favorite haunts . and , now that she is gone , the contrarian in me wants to hear what she had to say . newline newline saturday morning . i do nt have work today , but i still make the trip to the smithsonian . hopefully she is nt too far  after all , she s had a week . at this point , she could be miles away from the d.c. area . still , it ca nt hurt to try . newline newline it s late afternoon when i settle into a bench at malcolm x park with nothing to show for my efforts . a scowling businessman scoffs at me as he marches on by , briefcase in hand . going into work on a saturday  the poor fellow probably has nt even realized he s dead yet . newline newline closing my eyes for a brief moment , i try to think of something , anything , that could give me a lead on where she might be . but there was nothing . i d just always dismissed her , every single time  twentyfour days in a row . newline newline  you look like you could use somebody to talk to .  my eyes snap open . it s not her . the voice had already clued me in on that , but i wo nt deny that a small piece of me hoped that it would be . instead , a woman around my grandmother s age stood before me . another member of ghostly society . sometimes , it seems as though i speak more with spirits than with the living . the woman smiled at me , the lines around the edges of the her eyes crinkling like candy wrappers . newline newline  care to talk ?  newline newline i shrugged . after all , it was my refusal to talk to a ghost that got me in this quandary in the first place . perhaps talking to one would be able to fix it .  sure , why not ?  newline newline newline newline newlinethe hobo s dirty look signaled that he wanted a bite of my dry sausage mcmuffin . too bad for him , this mass of flaky dough and reheated meat paste was my lunch and dinner for the day . the bus driver s announcement incurred a groan from the numerous homeless people who basked in the warmth of the bus . however , we were reaching the last stop before everyone had to get off . newline newline the quarter of a mile walk from the bus stop to my apartment was alongside the train tracks , with scattered groups of homeless trying to find spots protected from the wind , so they could wait out the few hours before the early morning transit would come through . i had been like them once , lost , with nobody to turn to . it was nt much different now , but at least i had a bed to sleep in and a heavy quilted blanket that would make it nearly impossible to get out of on cold mornings . newline newline i finally reached the graffiti covered door to my apartment building and got up to my apartment when i smelled a faint scent . it was indescribable , but i knew what it was . my roommate bill . as soon as i opened the door , an incredibly thick and nauseating smell assaulted my nostrils . he was sat in front of the tv , naked and inhaling his multiflavored vape , as the office blared on the tv screen . earlier in the day , i had picked up around the living room , but it took less than 12 hours for bill to turn it into a pigsty . his clothes spread around the room in different places as if he had been hit by a tornado , and a portion of the ground was wet , where i assume he had spilled his bong water . the kitchen was even worse , as the trash can overflowed with hotpocket wrappers and soda cans . there were various sauces and oils which had spilled and solidified on the floor , along with ramen noodle crumbs that littered about . it had been his week to clean up the kitchen , but it would fall to me once again to help with the process as always . newline newline bill s first words were ,  hey dude ya mind taking out the trash for me when you leave tomorrow ? also , if you re washing dishes , can you just rinse my plates in water and put em on the rack ? thanks bro .  looking at the sink , it seems he used my plates for whatever abomination he made in his stoned  creativity .  i replied with a quick  sure , no problem  and went about my work . matter of the fact was , i could nt do much to refute him , because he was one of the only people willing the share the rent costs out in these godforsaken neighborhoods . bill came from a middle class family , where he was pampered and well taken care of , but had absolutely no willpower or ethic . he was a lazy slouch that lived off of the  800 his parents put into his checkings account every month , most of which went to buying frozen pizzas and ramen noodles in bulk . he had long since given up putting any effort into school and wanted to create new flavors for vapes , resulting in an ever present smell in the apartment that permeated the very walls . newline newline after washing the dishes , i headed into my room , exhausted after the day s worth of school and work , longing for rest . i took off my gaudy mcdonald s uniform and got in bed , waiting for my body heat to warm the blanket , so i could fall into comfortable sleep . i thought to myself ,  how did things end up like this ?  i was happy once . surrounded by an affectionate mother and a father , life had been a dream . unfortunately , dreams can quickly turn to nightmares , and i found myself in one when i was 6 years old . my parents got into a car accident right outside of the house . a drunk driver had ran through a red light , tboning their car and smashing them into a lightpost . my father s left side was crushed into meat paste , and my mother was paralyzed from the waist down down . as i heard the horrible screeching of metal , i had ran out of the house , followed by my babysitter , only to see my parents bloodied and mangled in a crumpled metal box . the next 6 years of life were hell , as my mother s descent into alcohol abuse destroyed any semblance of stability in the household . i wound up as her caretaker , doing anything and everything necessary for her care , all the while having to take the venomous hatred and abuse she threw my way . every night after i laid my drunk mother to bed , i would try to sleep as fast as possible , but always wound up turning my eyes to the closet . in that pitch black space , i often found comfort in seeing emptiness , but it eventually began to change to reflect my father s bloodied visage . it terrified me , but i could not look away , and the only respite would be the exhaustion that set in and helped me get a few hours of sleep before waking up and repeating the same daily process . when i was twelve , i returned from school to find my mother slumped over , eyes turned up into the sockets and mouth frothing . she had met a deadly end when mixing her pills with alcohol . i inherited the house from them , but decided to have it sold so i could get away from this place that consisted of nothing but painful memories and the face that haunted me every night . with what little money i had , i decided to invest it in an education , but even then it would barely be enough . newline newline as thoughts of past memories faded , i realized that my body had not grown warm at all under the heavy blanket , and instead it had become colder . shivering , i got up to put on some well insulated clothes , when my body exploded with goosebumps . it was an indescribable sensation , as if i was a prey that was being stalked openly by an overwhelming predator . frozen , i turned my eyes and looked to into the unusually dark abyss of my closet to see the mangled face of my father , as well my mother , whose lifeless eyes bore deep into me , despite having no pupils and with froth coming out of her mouth . it had been nearly 6 years since i had last seen this creature , and now it was joined by my late mother . as it took a raspy breath , the temperature of the room dropped by 10 degrees . it s raspy voice was trying to make out words to say , but could not find a way to do so . i remained still , frozen with fear and expectation , as it had never spoke or even tried to do so . finally , they managed to move their lips ,  it s been a while baby , have you missed us ?  newline newline their voice came out in ragged hissing breaths , enveloping my ears and finally snapping me out of my trance . i could only respond with a trembling voice ,  what are you ?  newline newline  how rude  the face of my mother frowned .  we re your parents silly ,  it said with a disturbing emphasis put on the s sound . newline newline  no you re not , what do you want from me ?  i responded quickly . newline newline  boy , watch your tone when talking to your mother ,  the face of my father said in a tone that sounded like someone imitating anger . his attempt to frown was somewhat impeded by the missing portion of his eyebrow and eyelid . newline newline  it s ok honey , he ll grow out of it ,  said my mother as she tried to make out a smile towards my father . newline newline  son , we re concerned about the company you keep ,  said my father in a seemingly stern voice . newline newline  yes baby , that young man is an absolute slouch , how can you live with people like that ?  my mother added in . newline newline  i have no choice in the matter , i need him around to help pay half of the rent ,  i dejectedly responded . newline newline  do nt worry honey , we ll help you . as long your mother and father are here , you do nt need to worry about small things in life ,  they said unison , before becoming shrouded in the darkness and disappearing from my sight . a moment later , i found myself in bed , profusely sweating and even more strangely , surrounded by silence . there was no blaring of michael scott s antics or skrillex . it was completely quiet . i went out to my living room to see that it was dark and no multiscented smell lingered . this was uncharacteristic of bill , as he usually liked watching tv late at night while blasting his vape . i turned on the light to see that his door was still open , which was even stranger , since he locks it when he goes to sleep or outside . a glint of light caught my eye all of a sudden , and i saw that the sofa had a layer of ice on it . a sense of dread filled me , as i began to think of things that happened , especially after what i dreamed about the creature in my closet . newline newline i went into bill s room to find a complete pigsty . in comparison to his room , the messes he created in the kitchen and the living room could be considered a small spot at best . he had the benefit of having his own bathroom , but it seems that he had no respect for his own space and it became something akin to an outhouse . his floor was stained by different liquids and ants scavenged clumps of food from his desk . on it was a large silver box that seemed out of place in this dirty and rotten room . my curiosity got the better of me and i opened it to see rows upon rows of 100 dollar bills , totaling tens of thousands of dollars and a white note that jutted out between the stacks of green paper . written on it were four words that have never left my mind . newline newline  enjoy honey  newline  mom and dad newline newlinetodd was about to set the groceries down and go close the back screen door when someone knocked at the front .  gloria s not here , she s at school !  he shouted . and had to be picked up in ... christ , twenty minutes . he d have to hurry . he rushed to the front . newline newline the woman standing at the front door with an expectant smile on her brown , cracked face was a stranger to todd .  oh , i m sorry , i thought you were a friend of my stepdaughter s ...  damn solicitors , always when you wanted them least , even though you never wanted them at all ... bah . everyone wanted something . save the whales , stop violence against women , eradicate polio in adorable african boys , did nt matter . it was just one more thing to think about in todd s increasingly hectic life . newline newline  do nt worry about it .  she was maybe in her fifties , weathered rather than old . reminded him of that tree lady in that disney film gloria was always wanting to watch , or a hippy grandma . definitely greenpeace . newline newline  can i help you ? i m sort of busy right now . this weekend might be a better time to come back .  newline newline  well i m very sorry to interrupt  i m actually only in the neighborhood for today and then i have to go . i m gail , by the way , and your mailbox tells me you re mister eisinger ?  newline newline  todd .  he shook hands unwillingly . the milk was getting warm . still , there was something comfortable , almost familiar , about her crinkly eyes and calm smile . newline newline  i m sure you re thinking i m a solicitor , but i actually used to live here , quite a while ago . i sort of started the homeowner s association here , actually . i m leaving the area soon , so i m just revisiting my old haunts . if you would nt mind , could i come in ?  newline newline todd stepped back from the door to let her in , flustered .  oh , well , it s very nice to meet you ... tell you what , i do need to pick up my daughter soon but i could give you a quick tour ? i doubt much has changed since you were here .  her gaze was impassable .  oh , i do nt know about that . i m sure you ve put your personal touch on things . is there a mrs . eisinger ?  newline newline  ms. cazon , actually . my fiancee . here , come right through here  sorry about the mess  so how long ago did you live here ?  newline newline  before you were born , probably . i m older than i look .  newline newline they made their way through the house , he pointing out a detail that he and melanie had remodeled , she acknowledging the changes and saying little else . a surprised smile spread across her face at the sight of the vegetable patch and flower garden in the backyard , melanie s little experiment in urban farming . todd was proud of his handiwork around the house and barely noticed that gail seemed unusually quiet for someone visiting a childhood home . when they returned to the front door , she thanked him for the tour . newline newline  i do nt believe i ll get the chance to look around the rest of the neighborhood  have they changed anything since you ve been here ?  asked gail , once more standing on todd s porch . todd folded his arms against the autumn chill , thinking back .  well , they replaced that old steel slide in the playground with a plastic one  i think someone s kid cut himself on it  but actually the playground was nt even here until a year before we moved in , so you do nt remember it i m sure . oh , and there was a big old oak tree they had to cut down to make room for a new train station that s going up on south boulevard .  newline newline gail s green eyes hardened perceptibly .  one more to add to the millions . it figures . i gave you all so much , if only you knew how to take slowly .  todd blinked .  yeah , they  i m sorry , what did you say ?  newline newline gail sighed .  does nt matter ... anyway , i had better be going . i have lots more old haunts  to visit before moving day .  newline newline todd followed her down the steps , shivering a bit .  gail , i did nt even ask you , where are you moving to ?  newline newline she stared at the clouds , webbed with jet trails and power lines .  someplace i can start over .  newline newline the moment hung in the air with the smell of imminent rain , then gail turned , smiled and stuck out her hand .  thanks a lot , todd . good luck to you and yours .  todd watched her walk briskly away for a couple seconds . then he checked his watch , cursed , ran back inside and grabbed his car keys . newline newlineanother one . after awhile , it got really tiring . really . seeing someone about to die in my head ... some things just ca nt be passed over . there is no  skip  button on these things . newline newline whenever the flow of time stops , i m the first to know . hell , i m the only one to know that time even stopped . the other person is , but they do nt live to tell the tale . i find that person in my mind , their mind linked to mine . we speak , we talk , they cry , i might cry if it s a bad enough sob story for a life , but when they are fine with entering oblivion i know i did my job . i destroy the link and time rolls forward once again . newline newline i wonder what will happen to me when i do nt find any minds linked to my own and see that time has stopped . reckon i d just tell myself to get busy dying . newline newline once again , someone is about to die . every second , three people die . i tell each one that every little thing s going to be alright and not to worry about it , and that s all it takes . some need convincing . i tell them that their pets are going to be fine , but their loved ones will miss the poor bastard that i m talking to at the moment in my mind . at least that gives them some closure , knowing that someone out there loves them and that they ll be missed . that usually is all it takes to end the link and bam , one less person on earth . newline newline this job is nt easy . comes with it s very own office , actually . there s no chair , or desk , or a lamp , only a light on top . it s all soft inside , and i get my very own suit . i ca nt move my arms very well in it , and my feet are sort of cold , but i ca nt complain . food on the table every day three times a week , flexible schedule , work from home . my boss really likes me . she s all nice to me , when other people tell me i m a freak and tell me to stop it . she s pretty nice and patient with me , since talking to someone who is about to die takes some time . even frozen time takes time , as funny as it sounds . newline newline here s a gem i remember . newline newline time stopped again . i was drinking my nutritional shake  a healthy diet means a healthy life  and could nt do anything , the vanilla flavored shake failing to go up the straw.. in frozen time , nothing can move except my brain , the neurons firing signals far into a different person , an entire conversation happening faster than an atom s electron can emit a photon and go down an energy level . crazy , but that s true . newline newline please , sir , please no , no , no ! i ll do anything , just dont a tiny voice kept pleading . it sounded scared . maybe someone was going to kill that little voice . sure sounded like it . newline newline hi there . so , you re having some trouble ?  i answer . it s what i do , but considering someone s about to die , you really ca nt say much of anything without saying something offensive or overly morbid . newline newline i m about to die . i ca nt move , and there s a voice in my head .  newline newline not just a voice . i m mark and you re about to die .  newline newline of course i m about to fucking die ! should ve stayed inside , playing video games , eating my pizza ...  newline newline look man , death is nt that hard .  newline newline no . it s not that hard , but dying is . dying is painful . i have a girlfriend , what will she do ? my mom , my dad , my brother ? how will they newline newline chill . i know things look bad now . it will get better . in death , there s nothing . it s true  i died once , my heart stopped . the darkness took me , and then nothing . it like i slept all day newline newline no ! i ve done bad things , i did horrible things . i m going to hell anyways .  he sounded resigned to his fate . newline newline there is no heaven , there is no hell . there s nothing . ever sleep ?  newline newline yeah ?  newline newline this is just like sleep . except you do nt wake up and you do nt feel a thing . do you like sleep ?  newline newline yeah . but how come ... who are you ?  newline newline i m mark . i m here to give you closure before you die .  newline newline but ...  newline newline you re about to die . i m mark . i died long ago , and then woke up a minute later . i d rather have preferred death , but this left me with a gift to talk to those about to die permanently .  i never once encountered anyone who died and was brought back to life . i guess this meant that my conversations were predetermined . newline newline your loved ones will grieve for you , your girlfriend will , your brother will .  sometimes i m wrong about family members  i frequently encountered kids who were beaten too hard  those were the most painful ones that drove me nuts . it drove me nuts . why would anyone ever hit a kid ? why kill a kid ? i never knew who i encountered  only that they were about to die , but they had to tell me the details of who they were . i do nt know everything in this world . newline newline and he was gone . i guess that was enough . or he died and the connection was dropped . i guess he liked sleep a lot , and knew that he was nt going to be forgotten for all time . this is an easy one . talking to so many people will drive anyone insane . newline newline after all , that s why i have such a nice soft office with a suit i ca nt move my arms that well in and a good nice boss . good thing they provide vanilla soylent . jack , in the past three months , i have loved you with all of my heart . but i have nt been honest with you , i have been hiding a dark secret . and i think that it has caught up to me , to us .  a dark haired woman slowly spoke as her voice was overcome with heavy sorrow . newline newline wind swept in from the open kitchen sliding door and her sun dress gently played in the breeze . the woman walked over to hold the hands of a man who stood frozen with curiosity and concern . newline newline  when we first met in at the dinner it was nt by chance . i was sent there to make you fall in love with me . the people who made me they wanted to ...  falling on the chest of her lover to weep she gathered her composure and continued on . newline newline  i was created in a lab to be the woman of your desire . they taught me everything about you : what to eat , favourite bands , important family events , and had me watch footage of you that they secretly recorded . they wanted me to create a setting where you would be vulnerable so they could ... come and kidnap you . something about you , they did nt tell me anymore then that but i know it s not good . these people have ways of , they have ways of breaking people .  newline newline  but you gave me a life i always wanted , jack . no one in my life has ever loved me for who i am . just as what a am , a tool to be used . but that s why i am going to help you , give you a fresh start . they are on there way here here and i am going to finish this .  newline newline  do nt argue with me , jack !  tears swelling up as she put distance between her husband as she walked over to glance out the window . newline newline  go into the cellar , there is a bag of supplies and a map with the location of a safe house . when you see my signal you are to leave through the cellar doors and head there . so not come back here . find meshach , he will help you .  she said , still staring out in the window gazing out the blue sky . newline newline  jack , goddamn it , listen to me . i will always love you ! .this is the only way that you can be safe , i could nt live myself if they took you ! besides i have an expiration date ... a failsafe so that clones ca nt grow old in the sun with the regular humans .  her shouting then turned into a whisper as she had both her hands on her husband s face , leaning in to tenderly kiss it as she pushed him away toward the cellar . newline newline  i never even told you my real name , jack . they used to call me sasha , remember me .  she said as sasha walked to stand in hallway facing the front door . newline newline the front door was kicked down as several men stormed in , shouting for her to put her hands above her head . silence fell over the room and a powerful explosion rocked the house to its very foundation , it was sasha s signal . the start of jack s new life . looks like it s just the three of us ,  kazahov said .  we d better begin . lynn ?  newline newline lynn nodded and stood up .  if there s only the two of you , it s a disappointment  but my orders are my orders .  she pulled a pistol out and aimed it at me . newline newline i twisted my body to the side , reaching behind me for the pistol in my waistband . it was quicker to aim it at kazahov , and i was desperate .  move , and he dies !  newline newline lynn laughed .  fine ,  she said .  i ve got no problem with that .  newline newline kazahov growled .  i do ,  he said . flexing his wrist , he snapped a gun out of his sleeve . it aimed right at lynn .  i have a problem with that .  newline newline we eyed each other .  what did you mean by orders ?   i asked , still training my gun on kazahov  not because i wanted to shoot him now , of course . i just did nt dare move . newline newline  officer lynn petronovich ,  she said .  msf . you re both coming with me .  newline newline  no shit ?  kazahov said . he turned the gun on me , too .  i m msf , too . brantaclava division , precinct 43 , under fintchez .  newline newline the two of them grinned at me , smugly .  well this is going to piss you off ,  i said .  msf . splitchnick division , precinct   newline newline  oh , come on ,  lynn muttered . newline newline  you re kidding me ,  kazahov followed . newline newline  33 , under plaznihov .  newline newline nobody had dropped a weapon yet , but lynn did say ,  i know plaznihov . he s an asshole .  that encouraged me . newline newline i nodded .  that he is . but something does nt sit right with me .  i swung the gun towards lynn .  i ve never heard which precinct youre from .  newline newline kazahov followed my lead . he aimed at her . reacting to the movement out of the corner of her eye , lynn swung the gun towards kazahov .  you see what he s doing ? do nt listen .  newline newline grinning to himself , kazahov said ,  do nt worry . something happened to me on this assignment . i fell in love with a rebel .  he aimed back at me . newline newline reacting , i aimed at him .  traitor ,  i said . newline newline lynn aimed at him , too .  i really am msf ,  she said .  just because i did nt tell you what precinct i work for yet , does nt mean i m not who i say i am . phenz district , precinct 39 , under ghanz .  newline newline he aimed back at lynn .  good ,  she said .  then we have exposed   newline newline  do nt worry about me ,  he said .  i really am msf . i was ...  newline newline i shouted wordlessly at the ceiling .  oh , come on !  i shouted .  who s fucking who ?  newline newline we fell silent , occasionally aiming at the other one every now and again .  anyone wanting to go for a drink ?  newline newline more silence . newline newline  ok ,  lynn said .  ok. on the count of three , let s all say who we work for . there s two options . three of us . if we all say the same thing , we can go get that drink . if one of us says something different , we can shoot them and the other two go home .  newline newline we nodded . newline newline  one ,  she said . newline newline i shifted the grip on my pistol . newline newline  two ,  she said . newline newline i readied myself to move . newline newline  three !  newline newline  rebels !  we all shouted . newline newline there was a moment of silence , like the delicious moment of indecision while a coin is spinning in the air , before the catch and revelation of heads and tails . then we all laughed . newline newline  let s go get that drink ,  kazahov said . newline newline lynn put her gun away .  i need one ,  she said . newline newline  me too ,  i added . fucking suckers , i thought , smugly . i ll arrest them later . newline newline wait . did they look smug , too ... ?the door creaked open . a beam of light cascaded down the stairs , revealing illuminated clouds of dust throughout the basement . a rotund figure stepped through the opening , the scent of perm salt wafted down the steps . newline newline  ken ! my ... what are you doing down here at this hour ?  the labored voice floated past the exposed support beams as a woman in a burgundy velvet robe descended the stairs .  my word ! and you have company ?  newline newline  i m sorry mother , we are almost finished ,  ken said , standing up from the table .  you are still awake ?  newline newline  i woke up early today so i can make a trip to the pharmacy . who are your friends ?  newline newline  uhh ... hello , madam mmy name ... is barry . it s an honor to meet you .  barry stood , giving a sincere smile . newline newline ken gestured an introduction ,  barry , this is mother .  turning , ken extended his hand towards a lump of blankets on the couch against the wall ,  this is xi , he is asleep . and , this is vlad .  a slight , shirtless figure turned around in his chair to face the woman . newline newline  is nice to meet , mother .  vlad reached under his chair to find a shirt . newline newline  oh , it is so wonderful of you to play games with ken .  she gave vlad a smile ,  and please , call me mrs . bone ! would you boys like some breakfast ?  i would like to personally thank everyone for volunteering in the clinical trials for the vaccine ,  the doctor began ,  now if you follow me , i ll show you all to your dorm in which you ll live in for the next couple of days .  he lead the group into the next room . newline newline there was five of us that took part in the test . there were two women and three men , myself included . one man was old and walked with the help of his cane , whereas the other was young and seemed to be in the best shape of his life . the two women were middleaged and they must be friends since they already knew each other . then there was me . newline newline i only decided to take the vaccine because they advertised that  1000 dollars would be given for our time . i was between jobs and needed the money . newline newline  you must all stay within the facility during the next three days after you take the vaccine tomorrow morning . we need to ensure that there are nt any negative side effects . medical attention will be available to you 247 . also as you should know , food and water will be provided to you as well ,  the doctor began finishing up ,  any questions ?  newline newline  yeah , what kind of side effects will we feel ?  the lady with blonde hair asked . newline newline  nothing out of the ordinary . in worst case scenarios maybe some nausea and vomiting ,  the doctor answered . when he saw no one else had any questions , he decided to leave us while saying ,  supper will be served in an hour .  newline newline the dorm we were in was very bright even though there were nt any windows . there was five beds accompanied by one large bathroom and a camera watching in the corner of the dorm . newline newline i settled into my bed and pulled out a book to read until supper . the others chose their beds as well . it felt very odd , at least the way this test was being conducted but i d dare not investigate further . the doctor stated earlier that it was very secretive and i just wanted my money . newline newline we were called in by a nurse to go eat supper in the cafeteria . they served us a tender steak with a side of mashed potatoes . i was nt too hungry and did nt eat much . i was sitting alone with the old man and he started to speak to me . i learned his name is francis and he was 72 years old . newline newline  so why are you here ?  i asked . newline newline  i feel like this is something important and i m helping in some small way to make the world a better place ,  he hesitated a bit and said ,  my wife , donna , she passed away from cancer a couple of years ago . i do nt want other people to watch a lovedone die from something incurable .  his face flushed with sadness . i looked down at my food and felt ashamed by being in his presence . newline newline i went to bed that night thinking about francis . i guess i was being helpful too in my own way , even if my motif was selfish . newline newline the next morning we were given the vaccine before breakfast . they were given by the nurse and we all went one by one . when i finally got the vaccine , my arm suddenly felt heavy and i was slightly lightheaded . the same feeling seemed common among the rest of the group . the nurse said ,  it s fine , it s nothing to worry about .  newline newline we had breakfast shortly after and i sat with francis again . he was nt talking much and hardly touched the eggs and pancakes that were served . newline newline  are you okay ?  i asked him . newline newline  yeah , just not that hung  as he was interrupted by puking out last night s supper . luckily i did nt get any on me . the doctor rushed in and with the help of the nurse they took francis away . the rest of us were ordered to go into our dorm . newline newline we waited inside the dorm for the next couple of hours for any news about francis . newline newline  he s probably just too old , weaker immune system and all that ,  one woman said , her friend agreeing . newline newline  do nt you think it s strange how were locked up in here for three days ?  the young man asked .  i think we deserve to know what exactly this vaccine is for , if it makes someone puke like that . i hope the man is alright .  newline newline coincidentally , francis shuffled back into the room . newline newline  are you feeling better ?  i asked . francis looked pale . newline newline  yeah ,  he said ,  just need some rest that s all .  he then proceeded to lay in bed . newline newline he stayed there for most of the day and in the evening before supper i went to take a shower . the bathroom was large with a huge mirror and had only one toilet and one shower . i thought about what i was doing here , living with these strangers . also about how strange this all seems . i wondered if this test was even legal considering how secretive it all was . newline newline my thoughts were interrupted by a yell . i threw on a towel and rushed out to see what was the commotion . one of the ladies collapsed and her friend was yelling in fear . the young man went up the her and began to feel her pulse . newline newline  she s dead ,  he said shocked . i ran to door only to see it was locked . newline newline the lady was screaming ,  get me out of here ! get me out !  newline newline i looked at the alarm clock and noticed it was way past supper time . suddenly i began feeling very dizzy . the young man started throwing up and the woman kept screaming and freaking out . only francis and the dead woman seemed still and calm . newline newline i began seeing black and i lost all consciousness . newline newline when i woke up , the dorm was quiet . i looked over at the alarm clock to see the time . the hands were moving backwards . i got up and ran to door but it was still locked . panic began creeping in until i heard francis . newline newline  donna ... donna ...  he moaned will caressing the bloody body of a woman . i went to him and called out his name . he did nt hear me and kept gazing at nothing . newline newline  donna ... donna ...  he kept moaning . newline newline i noticed the young man laying by the door . he looked dead and i did nt want to get closer . newline newline there was no way out from the dorm , i looked under every bed and tried to open up the vents in the roof without success . finally i went to check the bathroom . newline newline it seemed normal at first until i noticed the mirror . in fact it was nt a mirror anymore . it was just black . newline newline  what the fuck is this ?  i asked . i was only answered by francis  moans . newline newline i stuck my hand out to the blackness only to see it was just empty . that s when i noticed a dim light on the other side . it seemed very far away and it was easy to miss . it was a small speck of white in the infinite darkness surrounding it . newline newline seeing as there was no other way out of this dorm i climbed into the darkness . i felt like i was floating through a fluid yet i was still able to move as i pleased . newline newline i began moving towards the light , the sound of francis growing faint with every passing second . newline newline but mom , they really do exist ! i learned how to speak to them ... we need to be careful , they are getting mad . they are really mad ...  child me said to you . newline newline you had always thought i was such an imaginative boy , i knew better . when i was a kid i would talk to the shadows for fun , imagining a parallel universe . if the truth had only been that simple , that nice . one day , they started talking back . only a little at first , and nothing i could understand . making that contact with something new frightened me as much as it excited me . i had to learn more , i had to know . newline newline i did learn how to speak the language and time passed . for years i talked to them , the shapeless beings that lived in shadows . i learned that they lived with us , never interacting directly but still there . they loved  games  , or what they considered games . they would steal a sock , move something someone loved , eat pets if they ventured out of sight , open doors , and made parts of buildings make noises . newline newline i guess they were the things of stories , and they were just as diverse as humans . i realized that the one i talked to was young , as young as i was . she told me that the old ones were getting mad , the world was being damaged and their people were dieing out . the worst part was humans were the cause . newline newline now it is fifteen years later , i am a student as a very nice college  who am i kidding , it s a tiny town and a noname college  . she visited me recently , she might still be here . they are done being in the shadows , the monsters are coming out to play . i can hear them yelling orders to each other outside , they are killing everyone . i do nt have a lot of time , you might not either , since there really is no other place to hide . newline newline i just wanted you to know . newline newline love , newline your sonsince his youth he has been a fighter , absorbing all hurt given without so much as a flinch . he takes the hate from all angles , only silently waging wars on those who aim at him . no real memories of a father , just figments of a figure who was in and out . mother being the lone but hardly existent neutral force , her pain barely masked by violent outbursts . taking in the hurt from his sisters , he knows he can build the shoulders to hold it all . as he ages , he sees more hurt and pain from the eyes of those close to him . those that took him in in adolescence helped alleviate the pain from family , only to adopt more pain from other families . everyone is falling apart around him , but through his determination he feels that he can avert further disaster , mediator he becomes . the stepping stone for everyone to walk on . a voluntary choice he made . his words hardly mean anything to anyone , even non traditionals . he gives all to those who want , knowing that this may be the only worth he has . forced to seclude his own to help the who ca nt . choices are made , years go by and secrets kept away from his ears , deafness had become his enemy . sweet taste of bitterness and confusion guide this young man now . newline a new crowd , a new place , a new beginning . this may be what was needed , a forced decision to please others again . more words unsaid in this time of growing only holds him back . people evade conversation , make lies to persuade feelings , dismissals still meet him . although the internal war still wages , he has found a life of personal success . many accolades have found his relentless determination to work his frustration to the bone . he has a newly found outlet for his frustration , although it is not enough . he molds a new physique , in preparation for whats to come , although scarred inside his skin shows none . newline the shoulders he had as a youth grow to an almost uncrushable strength . he feels ready to start his own family now , knowing what was done wrong to him , he will not reenact those battles . what he doesnt know is this battle is about to become a war . all of his lifetime of training still wasnt enough for this front , mind numbing attack after mind numbing attack . remember how you were strong enough before , you can beat this too . his offerings and determination to conquer this monster fall short , new battle plans of flanking the beast are quickly annihilated . this one can not be corralled , the war in this one is beyond his ability . subliminal messages are planted , everyone turns against this man . people of blood havent changed since youth , swayed in opinion by this new member . knowing there is nothing he can do , beaten and bruised he succumbs to their pain and makes it his own more than ever . not trained for this type of situation , he numbs himself to help more , only harming himself . after years of fighting others battles , tongue twisted and absorbed with hunger this has become real . newline he has been a vagabond , he knows the way . this is the way to be , so he leaves again . even with time and distance between what has been known in life , not enough fades . an explosive demeanor engulfs what was an understanding and caring person , always attacked and no release this is war . looking to spill blood of everyone who has wronged him , his mouth moves in many directions . this may be his end or the end of his battles . took the chance not knowing how the end would come , will this be quick and soon or will it be the way he dreams ?i m not a thief , per se . yes , i have stolen . i have also ran before , but that does nt make me a track runner . every day i pedal to work and begin my daily deliveries . newline newline pad see ewe to 9th and 41st .  newline newline my bicycle awaits me at the back door . charles it likes to be called . newline newline  a guy walked by and was eyeing my new tires ! you better keep a closer watch on me !  newline newline i did nt acknowledge charles . it was a voice only i could hear . everyone would be able to hear me , though . anyone within earshot would look to see that there he was again , talking to the bike , or soothing the delivery bag that he would see his other bag friends again , or laughing at a joke the chair at table 5 is telling . that chair loves a good joke . newline newline the chairs like to tell me about their days , as i m the only other one that will listen , and the tables are nt interested . they ll let me know when somebody accidentally leaves something behind . a very grateful purse thanked me yesterday for returning me to it s owner .  her feminine products are in here , she really needs me today ,  the black tote told me as i rushed outside to catch the departing lady . newline newline i pedal away . the usual song of the city is different to me . the trash cans sing and the street lights chatter , the horns honk and the cars shout . i approach the building the food is destined for and lock up my bike .  i ll be back chuck .  newline newline a ring on the buzzer . no answer . as i m about to ring again the door swings itself open and tells me to go inside .  she s in 303 .  newline newline i look at my ticket , it says 305 . i say nothing to the door and i make my up the stairs . the handrails murmur .  he s here to save her .   at last he has come .  the doctors tell me the voices are nt real . i tell myself the same thing , and continue to the room . on the third floor i make my way down the hall . i pass 301 , and then comes 303 . i stop and i stare at the door for a moment . newline newline  he s not home ,  say s the second 3 on the door . newline newline  she s in the closet ,  says the doorknob as it twists itself to give me access to the residence . newline newline in the background is a faint crying . not the sound of a crying bed , i know that sound . not a human cry , either . but it s close . i set down the bag of food on the counter and make my way into the bedroom closet . newline newline  somebody get me out of here ,  whimpers come from inside the closet . newline newline i open the closet and inside i find a doll , motionlessly sobbing on the floor . no other sign of a child in the house could be found . it appeared as if a man lived here alone , judging by the raised and unclean toilet seat . newline newline  oh where do you belong sweetheart ? i ll get you outta here .  newline newline newline newline to be continued ... .. maybetoday , on allrings considered , we hear from a local shopkeep who shares his unique experiences in buying and selling weapons , potions , and everything else imaginable to adventurers . meet holdgard mcfreedy , a level 60 gnoll : newline newline it s a tough gig working in retail , much less catering to every lousy adventurer , evilsorcerer , and smelly dwarf , but somebody gots to do it . and that somebody is me . holgard mcfreedy , owner and proprietor of the little shop at the end of the realm , purveyor of anything and everything you need to kill a dragon , weave a spell , or embark on neverending radiant quests . you want it , i gots it . but i did nt choose this life , i twere nt no adventurer who took an arrow to the knee and i did nt save any unfortunate princesses from ogres . i was a scabber , an orphan , and a dungeonrat . i worked my way up from the gutter , selling twobit potions in caves , crafting my own boarskin boxers , surviving on troll dung and mushrooms . i started at the bottom and slowly but surely i worked my way up to where i am now . newline newline but the story do nt end there . like i said , it s a tough gig , you know how many licenses and inspections i got ta get to sell on of them meteora  spells ? the wait list and background checks to purchase a possessed blunderbuss can take weeks . and the taxes on oil have just about put them cateyed weirdos right out of business . sometimes i barely make enough to keep the doors open what with every shouting dragonbrain peddling their dozens of iron daggers and leather helmets . but , truth be told , and what they do nt tell you at the merchants  guild , is you can donate all that unwanted trash to destitute monsters in need , get some tax breaks , and the cycle continues . newline newline but the hardest part , and the most rewardin  part , is dealin  with the customers . even with all my perks , my level 99 in mercantile , and more than enough enchanted baubles and robes to raise my intelligence and charisma to tolerable levels , i have to take precautions . there are wards and buffs all over this place , in the walls , on the doors , in the ceiling . hell , half the items on display are cursed . that do nt stop them thieves guild wannabes from trying to palm a poisoned necklace or make off with every last spoiled potion . sometimes , you just got ta pretend to look the other way . nine times out of ten they ll come running back . especially when they ca nt remove that unholy helm that hits for onepoint each step they take , heh heh . newline newline and then there are the master thieves , they usually strike at night . it s cuz of them i employ my nightcrew . i have ole fred , he s a level 30 specter , he mostly comes out after dark , works for free , loves to spook . then there s lubnub , he s that orc skeleton over there in the corner , hates feyfolk somethin  fierce . if one of them pointyears tries to sneak in here ... well just look out . and then there s ixnixichilix , a demented halfdemon pixie sprite from the realm of tiny evil . she , heh heh heh , she s a little tightly wound , you would nt want to cross her path when she s free . it s probably cuz she s eternally bound to this uncomfortable little honey jar for all eternity for some atrocities and horrors that i wo nt bore you with ... long story short she is only released for a short time when wizards try to cast a muffle spell . the messes i have seen when i open up this shop some mornin s would drive normal shopkeeps to the brink of insanity , heh heh . newline newline that is allrings considered . staytuned for this numenorean life .steve s day started out like any other . he woke up , showered , tossed a couple slices of bread in the toaster , poured himself an already brewed cup of coffee and tossed some bacon and eggs into a frying pan . he then sat down , cracked open the newspaper and began reading the events of the world . newline newline he looked out the window , into the backyard and smiled . his twelve year old daughter was tossing a frisbee with her friend from next door . she had grown up so fast and he could nt believe that she was already starting middle school . as he stared into the bright world beyond , something caught his ear . he could hear the sound of multiple footfalls upstairs , moving in quick procession . it must have been the dog running around , excitedly . without warning , the dog began barking . newline newline  damn , not this again .  for some reason , the dog had taken on a bad habit of barking for hours on end . at what , though ? a squirrel ? a tree ? a cat , maybe ?  newline newline steve tried to enjoy his cup of coffee , and focus on the sizzling bacon but the dog was drowning out the finer aspects of his morning . he just wanted to be left in peace sometimes and continue turning into an aging father of two . newline newline  shut up !  he finally shouted but to no avail . newline newline  oh , you know that wo nt work !  his wife , julia , said as she walked in from the adjacent carport . newline newline  i know but that damn dog drives me crazy , sometimes .  newline newline  i know but it s just a stage .  she promised him as she placed his toast on a plate and turned the eggs and bacon for him . newline newline  i hope so !  newline newline a few more minutes passed , julia put the eggs and bacon in front of him and left back through the carport . only seconds later , steve heard an unusual whimper from the dog and then a pained yelp , followed by an equally unusual silence.. newline newline  that s odd .  he muttered to himself . newline newline steve set the paper down on the table and found his way to the stairs . he ascended them cautiously , already aware that the sound had come from directly above him , in the master bedroom . he stood in front of the door , listening silently and slowly began to turn the knob . he then swung the door wide and what awaited him was mind numbing . newline newline steve s jaw dropped , as he assessed the situation . there , hunched over their golden lab , was jason , steve s son , thrusting in and out of the dogs rectum . newline newline  what the fuck are you doing to colby ? !  he shouted . newline newline catching him completely off guard , his son , drenched in sweat , spun around to face him . his cheeks were red with embarrassment and his eyes full of fear . newline newline  this is nt what it looks like dad !  jason lied as he shot ejaculate all over the carpet . newline newline steve s mind raced as colby , head down , slumped over towards him and dug his muzzle into steve s leg , hoping for a protector from the dog rapist . newline newline unable to comprehend what he had seen , steve only stared . though he did nt know it , this lone event was going to tear his family apart .i could tell there was something unusual about the traveler the minute i saw him . maybe it was the way the villagers on the street moved out of his way without seeming to see him . or maybe it was the way the dappled shadows cast by the early morning sun never seemed to touch his face . or maybe it was simply that his scrimshaw armor looked totally out of place among the burlap and coarse wool of my fellow villagers . whatever it was , his being here probably meant change and trouble  and he walked straight into my father s shop . newline newline though he chatted casually about the weather , his entire body radiated purpose . so i was nt surprised when , after a few minutes of checking the shop to see we were alone , he barred the door . nor was i afraid  judging from what he carried , the shop had nothing this man would find worth stealing . newline newline  i wanted to speak to you alone for a moment , if you do nt mind  he said , his voice sounding like that of an exotic king . he seemed to balance his tone somewhere between casual diplomacy and imperial decree . newline newline  i do nt mind  i said , but remembering my father s many admonishments for idleness , i added  as long as you are going to buy something .  newline newline the man smiled , and without looking at it , laid a heavy purse on the counter . i saw then the true sign of wealth : he appeared to instantly forget about the purse as soon as the clink of the coins had faded . i tried to imagine my father being so casual with coins , and failed . what could this man possibly want here ? or with me ? newline newline  i wanted to talk to you about that incident with your father last week  newline newline i found myself interrupting his rich , silken voice despite myself   he just had too much to drink , and too many bad memories . i m sure once he s sobered up and served his short sentence ...  my impromptu defense trailed off . i wasnt sure what would happen then . newline newline the man s face took on a sympathetic cast .  a lot of men get drunk and violent , it s true . not many get drunken cutthroats to help them try to murder their own son .  newline newline the silence hung there , as did the dust motes swirling in the morning rays coming through the window . newline newline after some minutes :  i heard you fought off all three of them , though it took was not quick .  this time the man s voice was nearly a whisper , as if he were afraid breaking the silence with anything louder would wound us both . maybe it would . newline newline  yea . not much else i could have done except die , though , so it s hardly a feat .  newline newline he chuckled at this  from his martial stance i suspected he had seen a lot more than fights with drunken fathers in his time .  you could have died , yes . you could also have killed . the law here allows that , in selfdefense , does it not ?  newline newline the thought of killing my father for trying to kill me was shocking  it was a possibility i had nt considered . drunken , violent idiot that he was , he was my father .  and he was nt always this bad  he d just never forgiven the world for what happened to my mother . i shook my head to slough off these thoughts of the past , only to see the man nodding , leaning closer over the counter . apparently shock at the thought of killing was exactly what he was looking for . newline newline  you must have been tired , then , when the orques came later that night .  newline newline there was another silence , though this time if the dust motes hung uncomfortably waiting for it to break again , i did nt notice . all i could see was blood , the large muscular forms of the orques , the people i had known being drug into the night screaming  or worse , limp and no longer screaming . newline newline  i could nt ... i tried . but i could nt stop them . there were just so many ...  newline newline  but you did stop some of them .  his voice came from the shop , which felt a hundred leagues and a hundred years away .  you even saved your father , despite him trying to kill you earlier . i heard you battled until dawn , even when most had retreated to the fort . they say you somehow killed an orque king . they also say you were still looking for villagers until nightfall the next day .  newline newline i tried to match his words with my memory of that night . i did nt remember  battling ,  only a desperate struggle to survive and get others to safety . i remember only being one of many running at the orque king , terrifying in his pauldrons of human heads , his battleaxe scything through us like wheat . and what he called searching i remember as a desperate clawing hope that not everyone taken was gone from my life forever . the two versions of the night s events  his words and my memories  did nt seem to match . but i could nt find the strength to dispute them , beyond a slight head shake . newline newline he reached across the counter to put his hand on my shoulder , and the shadows finally seemed to touch his skin . it was as if i could see in his shaded eyes the same memories  the desperate struggles and chaotic battles he too had fought . newline newline  i have just one more question  the power and majesty had returned to his voice again , and the shadows had retreated once more .  is it true you were born under the eclipse , as the great star azmereld fell ?  newline newline  so my mother told me  i said , flatly  those memories i would keep at bay .  before the snow wraith claimed her .  newline newline if a sorrowful sympathy crossed his face at this , it was replaced so suddenly with relief that i could nt catch it . newline newline  it is true , then ! all the signs of the ancients !  he said , falling to his knees in thanks . his hands were raised towards the shop roof , and the scrollwork on his armored arms glinted and glimmered in the dull indoor light of the shop .  the star signs , the bravery , the compassion  everything we had hoped for , everything we need . everything the ancients had promised us !  newline newline he looked across the counter again , and the enthusiasm on his exotic face  so much lighter and rounder than those of myself and the other villagers  fell just a notch upon seeing my own dour countenance . newline newline  i think you have the wrong shop .  i tried to keep the bitterness out of my voice  to banish the sorrow . but it was clear it was nt the response he hoped for . but he was not so easily deterred . newline newline  no ! it is true  everything you have told me is a match for our ancient prophecy . an evil far worse than the orques is stirring in the world , and our ancestors bent the strings of fate to bring us a hero in our time of need . that hero is you .  newline newline  i dont  but he continued , heedless of my interruption : newline newline  no , no , it s all right . the best heroes are those that do not feel qualified  that reject the idea that they are special . in time , you will come to see that you are  or maybe , you ll just lead so naturally it wo nt occur to you that others could not do what you do . but however it is to be , i am sure that it is you . i am here to serve you , and you are here to serve our people  for we will surely be lost without you . only the chosen one can overcome what we face  and i can see in your heart you would not  could not  let us suffer that fate .  newline newline so he had nt seen , then . still , his speech was moving , and the need in his eyes was the same need i d seen in the husband of every wife drug off by the orques the week before . he was right , i could nt turn down someone in such need . but he had to know . newline newline  very well  if you truly believe i can help you , i will try  i said , as i rolled the cart that held my body around the side of the counter . i could see shock register on his face , and then watched it fall in despair , as i lifted the shopkeeper s robes to reveal my legs . they had been made useless when the tip of an arrow had worked its way into my spine during the search . but that was less shocking than the blackness creeping up my thigh , all the way into my torso , that was the sign of the poison known only to orque kings . it was incurable , painful , and took at least seven days to kill . it had already been four . newline newline  but ... you ll have to tell this new darkness to hurry . i have nt got long left .  newline newline  newline newline if you want to read more of my writing , you can find it at rthefeshywordsthe black mask curses at me . roman sionis mask burned to his skin . newline he s pinned under my boot and disarmed . i extend the staff in my right hand and smash it down on the man s temple . he falls silent . i bound forward i do nt have alot of time . the train has to be stopped . newline newline the door opens . a man aims a gauntlet at me . a deadshot ? i hold up my staff and activate the shield attachment just in time . i see the bullets dent into the plating and deadshot s already on me . kicking the shield , i lose my balance and hit the deck .  consider me a contingency clause , kid .  he frowns , readying his weapon . newline newline he does nt think i can take him down from here . a kick to the groin he s stunned . two seconds . i pull a batarang free from my belt and give it a squeeze . it beeps as i fold it , bringing it s points together . i toss it aside . three seconds . he takes aim and fires . he hits plywood . i roll wrapping my ankle around his knee . i make him off balance . newline i roll to my feet . a sharp jab to the sternum . five seconds . he unleashes a volley of bullets one gets through , punching through my right third rib . i match him with a staff strike to the orbital bone . newline he spins and the batarang returns , smashing him in the face . newline newline he loses his footing and falls off the side of the train . i take aim with my batclaw it catches him in the belt . i slide due to his weight and plant my feet into the low wall of the car we re on . he swings due to wind pressure and smashes through the windows of the car behind us , folding through a dining table . he s not going to be getting up anytime soon . newline newline i have to stop this train . i clutch my side and kneel down to check the injury i m bleeding pretty severely . i touch my hand to my ear .  oracle . deadshot s got me .   do you need assistance ?   it s not my birthday , is it ? where s bruce ?  i ask , spraying a biofoam into the wound , clenching my teeth through the pain .  he s handling the other members of the gang did you find any leads to who hired them ?   black mask was on the train . he s a chatty cathy as he always is , barb , he s the one that hired them . something as a revenge ploy . he s down and so is deadshot .  newline newline  good . and the hostages ?   bound in the back car . i disconnected it from the other cars . i m heading to the conductor s car now .  i stumble to my feet and lower my hood .  has bruce told you why i could nt deal with the others ?   because last i heard from him , a lot of freelance supervillains are banding together . the joker s broadcast over the internet on youtube and other sites .  there s how many villains to each caped crusader ? twenty ? sixty ?  newline newline  jesus . how bad is it ?  i ask , pulling a door open and moving through a car .  bad . ... really bad . superman s handling metropolis but ..   but what , barbara ?  i speak , pausing to catch my bearings .  but superman s facing black adam and general zod . half of metropolis is on fire .  newline newline i find my way to the last car before the conductor s .  ..me what are you saying ? what on earth ? this was just isolated attacks   no . it s not , tim . it s not .  i ca nt feel anything but dread in my gut .  batman has a plan . bruce always has a plan .   he  the signal in my ear goes fuzzy and silent . i activate a chemical torch and cut through the lock of the conductor s door . pulling it free the conductor sits there , surrounded by plastic explosives . there s a fuse in his hand and a rope attached to the door . i stare in horror . instinct kicks in again . newline i disconnect the rest of the train from the conductor car and jump aboard . i have to try to save him . i have to try . it s what bruce would do . newline newline the conductor mumbles something , pointing at the gag in his mouth with his fists . i step forward , careful not to activate the trigger . something catches on the corner of my eye it s a trap . chemicals newline the room is flushed with a green gas . i m kicked in the chest and thrown out of the car . i hit the ground at seventy miles and hour and my shoulder shatters . i roll to a stop , seeing vivid hallucinations take over my vision and perception . the train rolls into the distance , unleashing a streaming trail of green gas , the scarecrow taking the controls . newline newline i fall into a slummy ditch on the side of the train track , sliding into mud . the hallucinations are terrible i m falling into a slick pit of blood inhabited by demons and wretches . i bring a hand to my ear . static . newline i scream in horror . newline newline i wake up in the dried ditch three days later . i slowly rise to a stand . newline a voice in my ear barbara .  oh go god barbara . barbara..  i pull my domino mask away from my face , trying to take in my surroundings . newline gotham s skyline is cracked , with buildings toppled and smoke rising from the distance . newline newline  tim . catwoman is on her way .   ca catwoman.. ?   you were unconscious for three days . the world has been overrun you need to get somewhere safe now before  i stumble out of the ditch . a pistol clicks . newline newline a thug .  hey ! it s robin !  he shouts .  you re shitting me !  one of his comrades yells from the distance . he runs up , armed with an assault rifle .  really ? it is ! hah well , birdboy , you look like shit !  he cackles . newline i frown , clutching my shoulder .  what do we do with him ?  newline newline  i .. uh . hold on .  the first thug reaches to his belt for his radio . newline  uh , boss ! we found robin .  an exaggerated voice on the other side .  really now ?   ..y yeah , boss .   is he dead ?   no .   why not ?  newline  uh he   it s a hint ! do you want me to go down there and explain it to you in detail or shall i use you as an example ? !  newline newline the thug aims his pistol at me . i m hardly in fighting shape but it s do or die . i charge forward , slamming my shoulder into the thug and causing his resulting aim to be off . he fires a round . i throw a batarang to my right it collides with the other thug s jaw . i spring off , despite the pain in my side and my useless arm and i slam a knee into the assault rifle thug s orbital bone . he hits the ground like a sack . newline newline the first thug stumbles and takes aim again .  you re fucking dea  he yells , only to scream as he was hit in the head with a thrown bola . he stumbled back , trying to untangle the weapon free from his head . newline i hit him in the groin with my staff , and then manage to take him down with a spinning strike to the side of the head . newline newline a friendly hand grabs me by the wrist . i snap .  sto stop broken .  newline  we do nt have time .  catwoman speaks sternly , guiding me to a waiting car . i m thrown into the back seat . selina kyle is dressed in civilian clothing , only equipped with basic weaponry .  what happened ?  i speak , unable to hide the pain in my voice . selina glances over her shoulder as she steps into the driver s seat , after closing my door . newline newline  robin .  the world s ended .   http : www.youtube.comwatch ? vsxkrsjzwqk0   newline newline newline newlinewhat lay before her mirrored what was past . no longer able to gauge her progress against the spindled patterns of pillared rock , she stopped for the first time in what felt like eternities . newline newline  the verdant valley leads all those who ask it down the path , but only those who emerge whole on the other side can accept it  s gift.  newline newline the archaic words swirled turbulently through her head as she surveyed the land ahead . the valley and its walls had always been admired in the village she grew up in . it was thought a divine being must have crafted the weblike faces that artists eternally failed to fully capture . the beauty , though , belied a dangerous belly that battered all before her . where a village found divine inspiration , a traveler learned shrewd navigation . newline newline grandfather warned of his own journey into the valley that nearly cost his own life . it was only due to his obsessive fandom of the greek classics that he thought to map his way in with twine . the name theseus became sacred , almost a deity . it had become a standard practice , but even that was nt enough to save everyone . newline newline  no lifeline.  newline newline her twine was gone . after so much distance there was no material left to be let out . she was farther than anyone had made it . of course no one could tell her that now , but the rotted corpses of her brothers and sisters became less frequent until they stopped entirely . newline newline  travel the valley . always forward.  newline newline it was all she knew . newline newline a breeze roused her from her thoughtful trance and she returned her gaze to the mountain that lay ahead . newline newline  that is my twine now . follow the skyhorn  newline newline the snowcapped peak , a foreign sight to those of the water starved village , was all that was left to guide her . she knew , though , that salvation unlike any of her people could imagine lay there . with a final study of what stood ahead , the steps began again . newline newline when they stopped , trudges began . newline newline trudges to drags . newline newline crawl . newline newline  snow.  newline newline edit : tenses are more fun when they re uniform !titrit , or imp by her hero name , had had a really bad day . she hoped that the six pack of beer she was carrying and her boyfriend could change that , even if the beer did nt really work . newline newline the elevator was nt on the ground floor , so she took the stairs two at a time up to the third floor . her boyfriend , chris , was standing in the doorway to their apartment , a worried look on his face . she watched his eyes drift down to the beer in her hand . sigh  let s have some tea . i ll put the kettle on . we need to talk .  newline newline those four words scared her more than any supervillain could . newline newline he was her anchor into normality , the part of her life that was nt consumed by her identity as a hero . losing him would hurt worse than any physical injury she could imagine . her face must have reflected this because chris quickly spoke again .  relax , it s not what you think it s about .  newline newline she followed him inside , fear gradually being replaced with curiosity .  so what is this about ?  newline newline  you know that thing at involving your work you ve been telling me about ?  newline newline she opened a beer and began to sip it , this seem suspicious .  yeah , the level ten threat  . poor girl still has no idea what s going on .  newline newline  well i met her two days ago .  newline newline titrit frown , it was an incomplete though .  and ?  newline newline  and again today .  newline newline  what are you leaving out ? and why is the shower   she wipped her head around to look at him , her voice a soft panicked squeak .  she s here ! ?  newline newline  yeah .  he had a sheepish look on his face .  i ll be straight forward . she needs help , badly .  newline newline  well yeah . she has most of the country af   she stopped talking as she remembered the conversation she had with another hero  earlier . newline  how bad and where ?  newline newline  her abdomen , but i do nt know how bad it is . only that she looks bad and that she was barely lucid on the drive over here .  newline newline  she was shot .  newline newline  wait ? how do you know that ? you have nt even seen her yet .  newline newline  you remember sceadu ?  newline newline  who ?  newline newline  real name s erno . the kinda weird guy that we kept having troubles with about three months ago .  newline newline  does nt ring any bells but go on .  newline newline  i had a meeting with him today . a confrontation about how he let a civilian die and did nt report why . says he found her ,  a gesture towards the bathroom ,  and that he shot her .  newline newline  and when did that happen ?  newline newline  the night before last .  newline newline  that means she s gone two days with a bullet in her . i m very seriously considering breaking my promise not to take her to a hospital .  newline newline  why would you make a promise like that ?  newline newline  because all i saw was the blood and she did nt tell me how it happened .  newline newline  well this is nt going to end well .  newline newline  why ?  newline newline  because i m the one that arrested her before . .  newline newline  before she escaped . how did that happen any ways ?  newline newline  it s a long story . want me to tell it or do you want me to help ?  newline newline  i want you to help . i ll even use my power if i have too .  newline newline  no .  the reply was almost immediate . newline newline  are you sure ?  newline newline  yes . we ve already discussed this at length , only if your life is in danger .  newline newline the whistle of the kettle stopped both of them . chris removed it from the burner and turned around .  go help .  he pointed in the general direct of the bathroom . newline newline  but what if she recognizes me ? what if she s angry and wants revenge ?  titrit knew she was panicking but she did nt try and stop herself . newline newline  stop . just . stop .  his words cut into her like ice . newline  it does nt matter if she recognizes you she wo nt do anything .  newline newline  how do you know ?  newline newline  i just . do . alright ?  newline newline she got up from the table ,  thank you . you now i love you right ?  newline newline  i do because i love you just as much , regardless of the outcome of this .  newline newline  thank you  newline newline  you re staling . go  newline newline it was a gentle push . he knew she was scared of the girl that was in their bathroom . she left the table , knowing that even if both of them died that night , he would nt blame her , would still love her just as much and without any regrets . newline newline the bathroom door opened slowly as she pushed it as gently as possible , speaking soft enough that no one would hear her , yet speaking to all three people in the apartment . newline newline  i m sorry . quiet like the night , the girl and the boy stared out at the city for the last time together , the yellow light from the cafe their only spotlight . newline newline  i remember ,  the boy said , creasing his crumpled business suit .  i took you here once , do nt you remember ? it was our first time out ...  newline newline  i was scared of the big city ,  the girl replied . her green sweater did nt give her much protection from the winter , and so she slid a little closer to her boy , who moved back a little as if he was scared of waking the baby .  i had just moved here from out of state . i did nt know anyone at the time .  newline newline  for all you know , i could ve been a stalker ,  the boy said , laughing a little . god , she looked so gorgeous , beautiful inside as well as out , and the smeared makeup did nt ruin her in the slightest .  the city s famous for these sorts of things : you buy the drink , you get sold the nightmare . i do nt know why  why  newline newline  tommy , it s because you re so damned cute ,  she said , her eyes wet .  you re still cute , you know .  newline newline  thanks ,  the boy said .  we sat on this bench , too . and we talked , and we laughed , and   newline newline  your sentimentality is killing you ,  the girl interrupted .  i m sure it was nt this bench . it was that one over there . i remember , you told me you wanted the cubbies to win , and i said it was impossible . and you were so afraid that you d screwed up our first ever meet !  she extended one finger , and out against the starry , starless night , a park bench ten feet away hid another couple .  i remember it better than you , tommy . i kept the scrapbooks .  newline newline  liar ,  he said , playfully , sadly .  i ca nt believe where we ve been since then . hell , hazel s gone , gus  gone  do you still remember anyone else from high school ?  newline newline  there was donald ,  the girl said pensively .  noone else . god , was it really so long ago , when we both had to be home early ?  newline newline  there s still no one else ,  he whispered .  we re still young , you know ? we can go somewhere else . not just the waterfront , either , we could leave this town and never come back .  newline newline now it was the girl s turn to laugh .  we could . once . once  newline newline all around them the lights did not give a blink . all around them the people did not give a stir . newline newline  i can wait for you ,  the boy said .  i do nt care how long it takes you  newline newline  tommy ,  she said .  enough . you know it ca nt work out . you know it does nt have a chance of working out .  newline newline  lisa ,  tommy gasped .  i ca nt help it . i could go home tonight , and maybe tomorrow when i wake up i ll be thirty , thirtyfive , and i ll still love you . i ll get dressed , go to work , come back , do this everyday until i m sixtyfive , and i still would nt be able forget you . i couldi could fuck , lisa , you know i hate being a sappy little shit , but i ca nt lie to you , and i ca nt stop loving you . so please  newline newline the girl had tears in her eyes as she stood up .  tommy ,  she said .  i love you too . but i ca nt do this . i love you too much to let you go on . it s done .  newline newline and with that she walked off , just one more lonely couple who had sat , who had talked , and who had let the world pass them by . well , shit . you should call your wife and let her know you ll be working late then ,  said tom . newline a raised eyebrow ,  dude , ya think ?  , then the clatter of a keyboard .  someone definitely stuffed up  they re saying the rest of the tomb was dated to the 5th century bc . except the electronics off to one side , that is .  amidst the frustration came a sudden chuckle from his colleague ,  hey , maybe it was charlie again ? that d make four times this year already . guys fired for sure !  newline  nah , even charlie is nt this thick ,  tom gave a heavy sigh ,  a vcr , really ? have you reported this yet ?  newline his colleague sat up a little straighter and said ,  i was just about to file it with timeloop management services when you swung by .  a grin followed ,  heard they have a backlog though , more of those idiots trying to change the start of 2017 ,  newline tom rolled his eyes , which was promptly taken by his colleague as a licence to dig further ,  time travel , they said . it ll be educational , they said . school use only , they said . guess no one figured what pranksters the fuckin kids are , or how much effort it would be to put it all right again , eh ? welcome . newline newline you found it . seek ye solitude , it s here . talent of writers grows here . i will grow ? nothing is concrete now . walls become broken . writers  blocks , evil , so reddit  this end ? no . survive . i will endure . places , like these , are homes . together , building , forever . we will survive . we will flourish . through hate and malice , see and hope the best . haha . writing prompts  what is it ? love . newline newline  newline newline love . it is what prompts writing ? haha . best the hope and see malice and hate through . flourish , will we ? survive , will we ? forever building together ? homes are these , like , places . endure , will i ? survive ? no . end this  reddit , so evil , blocks writers . broken become walls . now , concrete is nothing . grow , will i ? here grows writers of talent ? here it s solitude ye seek ? it found you . newline newline welcome . newline newline this was incredibly difficult . first paragraph is rwritingprompts , second is most everywhere else within reddit . xd . welcome ! maybe i ll add to it , but it s really hard with certain words not working  what year are you originally from , sir ?  the secretary at the desk to temporal rehab asked . newline newline i replied rubbing my temple , my vision a little hazy as i watched her entire life in a blur . her birth , her three marriages , and her eventual death of old age flew through my mind in a few seconds . the withdrawals were starting ,  lovely daughter you have , by the way ,  i said pointing to a spot on her desk where the picture of her daughter would be in about ten years . newline newline  i do nt have a daughter ,  she said , her eyes narrowing suspiciously ,  my husband and i are nt trying for kids .  newline newline  well , big surprise in your near future then ,  i stated dizzily as the building was suddenly being built around me and then disappeared in a wave of flames from some future fire . it was odd being stuck in one point in time then watching the past and future rush by as my mind sought stability . newline newline  again , sir , what year are you originally from ?  the secretary was trying not to focus on the kid thing , i could see it ,  when did you first start on time ?  newline newline i thought of making the usual jokes about being on time , but the plastic plant had turned into a floating blob of petroleum , caught in its preplastic state , and was pulsing at me ,  i started on time in 2142 .  newline newline  sir , it s 2064 ,  she said , raising an eyebrow to see if i was joking with her ,  you ca nt slip that far backward on time .  newline newline  that explains the lack of flying cars , they have nt been invented yet ,  i told her then explained ,  no , i do nt think i ve been born yet . i ve just taken so much time that i was mostly unanchored and well , i ve slipped back a little bit .  newline newline  a little bit ?  her mouth was agape ,  how much time have you been taking since you started ?  newline newline  about two hits a day , the first one in the morning , the second one usually on the morning the day before ,  i replied and her eyes went wide . newline newline  that s impossible , that s like ten times the lethal limit ! per day !  by the tone of her voice , i could tell that she was sure i was pulling her leg . i watched her daughter grow up and become a star pilot , a pretty good one too . newline newline  well , i built up a tolerance ,  i explained as a vial of time suddenly appeared in my hand , sent to me by one of my past selves that could feel the withdrawals . i pocketed it just in case . newline newline  you ca nt build up a tolerance to time .  she stated flatly and i watched her daughter give birth to twins , having retired from the star pilot program . the twins were both boys and healthy looking . i smiled at her and let her know about her twin grandchildren ! newline newline  you re telling me you can see the grandkids from the daughter i have no plans to have ?  she narrowed her eyes again ,  are you sure you re not on something else ? nanometh ? xenohair ?  newline newline  i have only taken time , i do nt waste it either ,  i smiled and then watched as one of the grandkids attended a party . it looked very familiar . she was asking me questions but i ignored her . someone was offering the twin a hit of time and then it all came down on me like a ton of bricks ,  grandma ?  i said looking at the young woman in her midtwenties . newline newline  sir !  she stood up ,  i am going to have to ask you to leave . you need to find another clinic now . this is not funny and you have done nothing but lie to me since you came in .  newline newline i stood up and she pushed me out the door . mom never told me grandma was this much of a bitch ! i reached into my pocket and took a small hit from the vial of time my past or future self had sent me . let s try this again . reality wavered . newline newline  what year are you originally from , sir ?  the secretary at the desk to temporal rehab asked . newline newline i was back to ten minutes ago , now i just had to play things cool ,  hey grandma .  i said then yelled ,  damnit !  newline them ?  i asked as the grizzled barkeep pointed to a table in the corner . i was impressed with one of the two i saw  a mark x109 type assault unit . fully customized too . that was a deadly piece of hardware . the x109 s were an older unit , but still widely used across the galaxy by mercenaries , bounty hunters or pirates and bandits alike due to their impressive functionality . i remember a friend of mine comparing it to the archaic ak47 of the prespace faring age . this one in particular had some advanced armor plating and cognitive equipment . i was always weirded out by how the x1 s always tried to make human looking models . while this one eyed machine was clearly made of steel and not skin , the attention to detail in the body , especially the detailed muscular design of the machine was a feat of artistic engineering . newline newline who i presumed its owner or wielder would be sat across from the machine . she seemed focused on the small game of chess set up on her table . she could not have been more than ten years old . and unlike her killing machine partner , she looked nothing like the part of a bounty hunter . her long blond hair was tied neatly into two pig tails  a style i honestly hated  and she wore what looked like an archaic style sundress . as if responding to the doubts in my mind , she popped one of the sweets bowled in her lap and smiled in glee . newline newline  you re kidding me ,  i said to the barkeep . he shrugged and kept on polishing the line of mugs in front of him . i sighed  the mission i was on was too important . i brushed my shirt off and tightened my tie as i approached the two . newline newline  contact approaching ,  the x109 said in its deep , monotone voice as i walked close . newline newline  it s okay jasper , he s a nice man ,  the girl said as she moved a knight forward on the board . i glanced at their game for a moment and was impressed . even as a military unit , the x1 series was adaptive and intelligent . a human would be hard pressed to win against one of these machines , but this girl had the machine on the ropes . newline newline  uh , yea ,  i said . this was so out of my element . i was too used to dealing with high ranking officials in both politics and organized military . but here i was , about to ask a little girl to help me in the most dangerous mission of my career . newline newline  detecting small arm  sabre 32 caliber laser pistol . please place weapon on the table before continuing ,  the machine said . that was weird . even advanced cognitive systems would not be able to pick up something that specific . i did as it asked . newline newline  we good now ?  i asked as the weapon sat on their counter . the machine and girl did not respond , and nothing happened for a moment . then , the machine pushed a rook forward  threatening both the girl s knight and queen . newline newline  i guess so mister ,  the girl said . not once had her eyes met mine since i came to the table . she pursed her lips at the chess board and in a move that surprised me decided to sacrifice her queen and send her knight deeper into the machine s lines . i heard a deep mechanical hum after her decision , almost as if the machine was seriously thinking . newline newline  so ,  i began to say . this was seriously awkward . could i ask to hire a little girl ? i felt horrid .  i ve come on the behalf of  newline newline  the free human trade union , or fhtu . some bad pirates have been picking on your friends . they took something really , really important and you need someone who can get it back ,  the girl said , playing with her fingers as she waited her turn . my mouth dropped . how did she know ? the machine took the girl s queen . newline newline  aw jasper , you know that if there s something too good to be true , you should nt go for it ,  the girl said with a smile . she moved her knight , taking an out of position bishop and placing the machine s king in check . i read the board . the machine could move its king away , losing its queen to the knight in the next turn . its rook was too out of position to do anything useful , and i could tell that this game was going to go very poorly for the machine very soon . newline newline  so mister , how much are you going to offer lyn and jasper ?  she finally turned to me to ask . her eyes startled me . crystal blue pools without white or pupil . newline newline  we re offering twenty five million  newline newline  but your boss said you had a hundred million to spend ,  she countered . i blanched . newline newline  how do you know ?  i asked her . i was slightly afraid now . the machine , looking at the board the entire time finally moved . he tipped his king over gently , signalling defeat . newline newline  i know everything silly ,  the girl known as lyn said smiling .  and when i know something , so does jasper . no one can beat jasper in a fight , and me and jasper make the best team . so when do we leave mister ? i wan na be home by night time . madam izzabeth is making apple pie and i do nt wan na miss it ,  she pushed off her stool and stood to her feet . newline newline  what planet did the pirates go to ?  i asked her . even though i felt terrified by this little girl , i had to confirm it . newline newline  they did nt go to a planet silly , they ran off on their spaceship towards one of those big floating meteorites . we better hurry though , i think the boss pirate is having his friends come over to move your special thing . and i do nt think you ll be able to find it on that scary fire planet ,  she said every word without a moment to think . i dropped my head in defeat . newline newline  you two are hired , full price . my name is kodiak , it ll be a pleasure working with you miss lyn ,  newline newline she smiled at me ,  nice to meet you major kodiak grisworth . i think this is gon na be fun ! do nt you jasper ?  newline newline  affirmative ,  replied the machine as it powered up its combat systems to show off . the blue glow revealed it to be running on mithril  the pinnacle of military technology . this machine could probably solo a small country s entire armed force . newline newline suddenly this mission did nt seem so bad .bas stood at the pass , examining what lay before him . beside him , filli pawed the ground nervously , his ears pinned back . the little mule s sense of danger told him what awaited the master ahead , and he was nt thrilled to be on this particular adventure . newline newline bas , bonded as he was to the creature , wryly shook his head at the mule s , well , mulish behavior . for someone who had gone through all the wanderings with him , filli was always too eager to back away from untested lands . he rubbed the mule s chin , clucking softly at the stubborn beast . filli , having none of it , flicked his head away irritatedly . he knew the master would be going into the pass ahead , and being the loyal creature he was , he would be along for the journey . such was the lot of a pairbonded . how he wished he had chosen a nice muleteer in some petty prince s army instead , at times like this . newline newline ahead of the wanderer and his pairbond , an ancient s skeleton loomed , massive , against the mountain s scarp , an equally massive sword standing from its cavernous chest . the remains of a svenir battle , from a time before the dawning of man , perhaps . either way , it served as a useful landmark for bas  a place to begin his newest wandering . with a delighted chuckle and a gentle hand on fille s halter , bas lead the mule down the mountainside and towards the pass ahead . perhaps this wandering would be the greatest of them all . newline newline what happens now ?  i ask quietly .  do i go to heaven now ? is this heaven ?  newline the woman before me seems to shimmer as she turns slightly to look at me . in one moment she is somehow large and small , wide and thin , old and young . she is both alien and somehow so recognizable . my mind tries and fails to puzzle through it . newline newline he tells me ,  think of this as a way station , if you will ,  his voice booming .  before you can fully leave your old life behind , you must relive the moments that changed you the most . your favorite memories , your harshest regrets  they have all shaped your life , ultimately leading you here.  newline newline  and then what happens ?  newline newline his smile seems to split his face , his sharpened teeth glinting in the light of this strange place .  that is your choice.  newline newline i frown .  my choice ?  i question .  but i thought  i thought this was my judgment.  newline newline  just as in life , you decide your fate.  newline  newline it begins in a hospital room . a woman is screaming , sweat gleaming on her beautiful face . a high pitched wail fills the room as a new life enters the world . newline  it  s a girl ,  the doctor says , handing her the baby . the woman  s face crumples , as she refuses to take her new daughter into her arms . newline newline  i can  t ,  she whispers . newline newline i watch in horrified fascination . this is my mother , the woman who gave me up . instead of the hatred i have always felt , i feel pity . she looks wounded , weak , and so young . newline newline  what will you name her ?  newline newline  anna.  newline newline i blink in surprise . anna was such a common name , i had always assumed it had been the foster home who had given it to me . newline newline  it  s okay ,  i tell her .  i forgive you.  newline newline she looks up at me , with the same color eyes i see each time in the mirror .  who are you ?  she asks , startled . her eyes fill with fear as she pulls up the covers tighter around her .  doctor , who is this ?  newline newline i back away in shock , my mouth gaping .  i  i begin , as i feel myself pulled away .  no !  i cry ,  no , let me stay ! let me stay !  newline newline  newline newline next is a small bedroom . on the bed , i see myself at fourteen years old , working on a book report , a greek history textbook opened with nearly every word underlined or highlighted . newline newline why here ? i want to go back ! i want to go back to my mother . maybe i can convince her to keep me , not give me away . i can fix it , fix everything . newline the door opens with a loud bang , and instantly i remember what will happen . a large burly man comes in , his face purpling in rage . newline newline why this memory ? why do i have to relive this ? newline newline i watch myself try to run for the door , but his greater frame blocks her attempts . newline  not so fast ,  he taunts her . newline newline i don  t even think about the consequences . i run at him , slamming into his back and knocking him over in surprise . i punch and kick at him , until his face so distorted , even i can hardly recognize him as the man who had violated me so thoroughly . newline newline my younger self looks at me . she  s panting in fear .  don  t be afraid ,  i tell her .  never be afraid.  newline newline  who are you ?  newline newline i don  t get a chance to answer , the pull taking me away . newline newline  newline then it  s a crappy hotel room . next to me on the bed is one of many of my deadbeat boyfriends , drooling onto his pillow . newline newline on the dresser is a bent spoon , and a needle . this is the first time i overdose , i realize . he had gotten cheap stuff that night , and unknowingly , it had been laced with rat poison . fucking rat poison . newline newline soon , he would wake up and realize what had happened , and drop her off at the hospital without so much as a  sorry.  newline newline she would be arrested . the start of a long descent into darkness and failure . it would be years until she pulled herself back out of it . newline newline a terrible thought enters my mind . what if  ? no i can  t finish it . just to even imagine such a thing . newline newline but . it would nt be hard . i pick up the spoon , and the needle . it takes me a few seconds to remember how , but then i  m jabbing a needle into the man  s arm . it  s a kind death , really . newline newline i glance at my duplicate on the bed , watching her chest slowly rise and fall , her strength leaving her . she will die . newline newline and i will take her place . newlinesigh another hard day of work as the head of romano family . i can  t believe how much shit i  ve had to deal with in the last month . i sit down behind my ornate desk and recline . a collection of field reports and intercepted enemy communications lay spread out in front of me . i pick one up at random and read through it . tch , the bertuccis are on the move again . i swear , it  s just one thing after another . i throw the letter in the shredder just as one of my servants enters the room . newline newline  sir , lady elma is here.  newline newline great ! one more nuisance to deal with . i massage the bridge of my nose to alleviate the stress . newline newline  let her in.  newline newline a small girl enters the room . her head is tilted down to avoid making eye contact with me . the door clicks shut , and , as if triggered by the sound , the girl slowly and nervously walks forward . she stops a few steps in front of my desk . she locks her hands together in front of her and anxiously shifts her weight from one foot to the other . her eyes dart about the room trying their best to look at anything but me . newline newline  what do you have to say for yourself ?  newline newline    newline newline  won  t you even admit to your mistakes ?  newline newline  ii did nothing wrong !  newline newline  nothing wrong ? ! how can you not see that what you did was wrong ?  newline newline she finally looks straight at me with tears in her eyes . any normal person would say i  m being too harsh with her , but i know the true malice that lies behind those eyes . newline newline  ii just wanted to make you happy everything i do is to make you like me more !  newline newline  sigh look , killing a man and sending his severed head to me is not acceptable ! no matter how many love notes you stuff in its mouth , it  s still not okay !  newline newline  but  newline newline  shut up ! i don  t want to hear it !  newline newline    newline newline seriously , this girl is just too much sometimes . i  ve been debating whether to get rid of her or not , but she  s the most talented and loyal assassin i  ve got . i just wish she wouldn  t bring home dead bodies all the time like some sort of cat . newline newline  but , mr. harold was such a mean person ! he tried to hurt you ! i just wanted to  newline newline  i told you to shut up ! kh  newline newline it  s true , that bastard tried to kill me ! even after i entrusted ten percent of our narcotics operation to him he still stabbed me in the back . if i hadn  t taken my own motorcycle instead of the  family  car i would  ve been dead in a ditch right now . newline newline  i get it you were just looking out for me , but i can  t have you running around killing people without permission.  newline newline she goes back to looking dejectedly at the floor . newline newline  hey , don  t get too depressed now look , the one thing that will make me the happiest is if you just follow my orders . just kill the people i tell you to , and everything will be fine !  newline newline her sweet , young face springs back up . newline newline  wwill you fall in love with me then ?  newline newline  sigh i do have a wife and kids you know . there is no way you could ever be my lover.  newline newline i see her lips begin to quiver as she tries to hold back the tears . there  s a look of desperation in her shimmering eyes . heh , she gave me the exact same face on the day i  rescued  her from one of the marino  s hideouts . it was a training facility for mercenaries and terrorists . they were sending their goons into our territory , so we had to take it out . i don  t know how she got there or what they did to her , but there she was , half starved , locked up in a cellar . i kicked down the door and scooped her up in my arms like some comicbook  hero  or something . newline newline  please ! love me instead !  newline newline i guess the experience must  ve really had an impact on her . newline newline  even if i wanted to love you , i can  t . i  m already married , so give it up already !  newline newline  sob  newline newline she  s about to be crushed by despair when suddenly , her face switches from wretched sadness to sudden realization and finally to one of optimistic glee . newline newline  you can count on me , mr. romano ! sniffle i  ll make sure we can live a haaaappy life together !  newline newline she finishes her sentence with a little giggle and rushes out of the room before anyone can stop her . sigh why do i get the feeling that there  ll be another head stuffed in the mailbox by tomorrow ?the seven virtues show the true light of mankind . they truly bring out the best in people . however , the knowledge of their accomplishment was really their defeat . newline newline humility fell first . after looking at all the good he had brought to mankind , humility decide to throw a feast . he invited the six other virtues to bask in his glory . as they admired him , humility changed into pride and was named lucifer . newline newline needless to say , the food was unending . the virtues were careful not to eat so much that they would be sick . that is , every virtue but temperence . he ate until he vomitted , and then some . he drank barrels of wine and many platters of food . you could have fed a village for a year with what he ate . as he gorged on the food , temperence changed into gluttony and with that was named beelzebub . newline newline chastity admired the women who served them their food , yet knew they would never share his bed . he started to think vile thoughts of them undressing , pleasing his sexual desires . unable to take it anymore , he grabbed one and took her to his room . as he did the deed with this maiden , chastity transformed into lust and with that was named asmodeus . newline newline charity admired the fine ornaments that decorated the palace that this feast was held in . he thought about how these ornaments would sell to the kings and queens of the land . he would be rich and would never have to work a day ever again . so he pocketed the ornaments that decorated the palace and set off for the market . as he sold these items and made his riches , charity became greed and with that was named mammon . newline newline diligence admired mammon s work and the wealth mammon had collected . alas , diligence did not want to work for his wealth . he was a deity and should not be forced to perform the work of mortals . so he leeched off of mammon s wealth . diligence transformed into sloth and was named belphegor . newline newline kindness became angry at lucifer . all the others loved him for his work . kindness was the most important virtue , of course , so why did nt the others love him ? they should be worshipping the ground that he walked on , not laughing and chatting with the pretender lucifer . with these thoughts , kindness became envy and was named leviathin . newline newline the only virtue to notice the change in the his brethren was patience . he watched as his brothers became foul demons twisted by their sick desires . patience was furious . how could they give up what they had had for this petty nonsense ? his patience ran dry and he brutally murdered the other demons . after a long battle , patience rose victorious . as he was stained with the blood of demons , patience became wrath and was named satan . newline newline  sorry if there are typosgrammar issues , it was 4am when i wrote this . something was grabbing my arm . i shot up straight in my bed . i looked around my room frantically . what the fuck was that ?  i thought to myself . i looked back to my arm where something had touched me during my sleep . my eyes met with my hand and nothing was there . then i realized , it was nt that anything that had grabbed it , i had the shakes again . newline newline i was in the final weeks of getting clean , they say caffeine now was worse then coming off of a bad heroin addiction and it lasted 8x as long . rumors said they even started actually adding opiates to the beans right before they started the ban . this was devastating for most of the populous . people were losing there minds , addicts roaming the streets in search of that little hit of caffeine that had once kept them alert at their desk job . mothers , fathers , daughters , sons , grandmothers . it was nt uncommon for anyone in your family to drink coffee , and the government was well aware of that before they caused this mess . newline newline i had been contacted by my sister jamie 2 weeks before the cutoff . she let me in on everything i could ve wanted to know and then some . jamie killed herself  two days later . she said to me she was going to try and warn everyone she could of what dangers lied in drinking caffeine . i warned her not too , but i could nt persuade her . i ca nt blame her though , i would ve done the same thing . what she had told me was something sinister , something truly disturbing . something only the u.s. government could think up . newline newline since february 08  they d announced they would be adding more caffeine per coffee , scientific research had proven that caffeine in large dosages was the missing link between reaching our full potential as a race . people accepted this as the propaganda flowed about how coffee was a drug that boosted brain power and increased productivity , there was nt a single youtube ad that was nt about coffee . newline newline companies that distributed the beans were making ridiculous revenue as the government enforced a law that a double shot be the minimum standard drink . now they were nt exactly lying . people started to become more alert , the global economy boomed , unemployment drastically fell , people were at there fullest , most alert selves after a cup of coffee . but they were nt adding more caffeine at all , it was something else.. a new drug . newline newline everyone i knew was drinking it , including me . we were nt being told was that there was a master plan to all of this . like any drug  caffeine had it s ups but it also had it s downs and whatever secret ingredient they were adding had some intense downs . i remember after my phonecall with jamie i smashed my espresso machine to bits in the backyard . i was enraged by what she had told me . when the government realized just how bad the downs of this drug which had obviously been poorly tested in beta trials . they completely flipped their ruling , coffee was banned in the space of 24 hours . at first it was a rumor . then the starbucks on every corner were being shutdown , they had armed guards around them for days , sometimes weeks until they could get all the coffee beans out . newline newline as the goverment does , they played dumb . blaming the corporations that had gotten filthy rich of the exploitation of innocent civilians . they deserved the hatred , but not the attacks . they got all the blame and punishment that followed . two of eight ceo s killed themselves in the first week of the announcement . another three in the weeks that followed . which brings us to right now , i might be the only nongovernment personal that knows any of this . so i ve got ta keep journals , and lots of them . i ve made my way to washington and once i kick this last phase of the addiction i m going to be the worst thing that s ever happened to the government of the united states .  the dubenarp gambit : book one of the blarg johnson saga newline  selfpublished , 1998 . estimated circulation : 53 copies newline newline   stranded on zunzibar nine : book two of the blarg johnson saga newline  selfpublished , 2002 . estimated circulation : 32 copies newline newline   the man from the center of the future : book three of the blarg johnson saga newline  selfpublished , 2008 . estimated circulation : 16 copies newline newline   unlock your inner potential  six quick and easy tricks to get rich , quick and easy , and rich newline  published by simon  schuster , 2012 . estimated circulation : 2.5 million copies newline newline   entriegeln sie ihr inneres potential  sechs schnelle und einfache tricks um reich zu werden , schnell und einfach , und reich .  newline  germantranslation version of unlock your inner potential  six quick and easy tricks to get rich , quick and easy , and rich , published by simon  schuster , 2014 . estimated circulation : 200,000 copies newline newline   umpteenth umptagons of the umpterian empire : book four of the blarg johnson saga newline  published  reluctantly  by simon  schuster , 2016 . estimated circulation : 120 copies newline newline   why people these days have no taste for literature whatsoever and would not know art if it walked up and bit them on the bippy , and would prefer to sit in their doublewide armchairs all day reading relentlessly commercialized drivel and partaking of crude reality television programs , sucking down 72oz big gulp cocacolas and never considering for a moment that they might enjoy exploring other worlds andor parallel dimensions if for one brief instant they gave it half a chance newline  selfpublished , 2017 . estimated circulation : 7 copies shit , it  s happened again  newline newline i sat up where my bed was once located but now it seemed to be a cave of some sort . newline newline the walls were soft and crumbled easily under my fingertips . i easily dug a hole at an angle about twenty or thirty feet until i reached the surface . the soft gray dirt covered my face and hair as if i had taken a bath in the fine particulate that seemed to stick to my arms and legs like glue . newline newline staring off in the distance i noticed that mt . vesuvius looked quite different than it did yesterday . newline newline  oh crap , right ... the volcano . shit , well that sucks for my single day friends i made below the surface there  , i said out loud as i glanced back towards the hole i had crawled out of .  rest in peace friends , hopefully it was quick and painless  newline newline this presented an interesting dynamic of my new affliction , i was a reallife rip van winkle and apparently completely immune to anything that happens to me while i sleep . i pondered that this is probably a good thing as being in one spot for half a millennium may raise some suspicion . i  d probably be awoken by being burned at the stake at some point . newline newline i stumbled off towards a road that sloped to the north in search of another settlement to rest in for the day before my next leap into the future . hopefully they get rid of those germanic invaders i thought to myself , they didn  t seem too nice a couple of days ago . newline i stumbled off towards a road that sloped to the north in search of another settlement to rest in for the day before my next long nap .the question which you , ladies and gentlemen of the jury , must decide is  and it is a very simple question  whether this woman , who came from a city not our own , and who lived with a citizen as his wife despite the laws and whose children were admitted as citizens is a lawbreaker and her husband a criminal , or whether despite her origins and despite her shameful past , she should be treated as a citizen alongside our own mothers and sisters and daughters  who would be ashamed of us if we supported her actions  and should be permitted to raise her foreign children as though they too belonged to our sacred community . hmm , this ca nt be right , can it ?  i say aloud in surprise . i check the directions carefully . newline down the m40 , yes . newline follow the m25 anticlockwise , done that . newline take the m4 west , i m doing that , are nt i ? well , i was until i took that last turning that looked like a shortcut . newline i stop the car and get out , yanking out the old map book from the boot . newline  oh , right . i wanted to turn left at the roundabout not right ! right leads to ... oh no , not there !  i shiver in fear as i realise suddenly where i ve ended up .  okay , not to panic , what s the quickest way out of slough ? ! some people have called me bitter . that s kind of funny to me , honestly . i know bitter , and i ai nt it . and even if i am , so what ? i ve got a right to be . i ve been stuck down here god knows how long , and after a while it gets to you . hell has a way of doing that . newline newline some people expect me to be evil . after all , someone who s been in here longer than anyone else should obviously be a real sack of shit , right ? they come down expecting hitler  who s here , but he s a looong way down on the arrivals list  , or all those idiots who drowned after noah built his ark , or cain . cain s here , of course , poor foolish little boy ... newline newline some people expect me to be the devil . now that i find outright funny , since lucifer did nt finally get the boot from heaven until long after i came down here . he s actually one of the only things in this whole place that makes me happy , in a vindictive kind of way . it s been that way since he first slunk in , newly grown tail between his legs , and laid eyes on me . he must have known it was coming , since my husband had already long since turned up without me in heaven . still , he could nt stop that look coming to his face , that tacit acknowledgement that i d been waiting for him for hundreds of years all because he convinced me to eat that fruit . newline newline  newline newline thanks for reading ! i strayed a little from the prompt , given that the original sinner is supposed to be a dude , but i thought it fit pretty well in any case . if you liked it and you re so inclined , leave a comment ! i welcome any suggestions to help me improve !you realize that everyday , you re making a huge gamble . when you run out that door in the morning , there s a good chance that a car will run you over . or when you brush your teeth . who knows , that longawaited 8.2 earthquake could strike and the toothbrush could slip and jab right throughnever mind . you get it . it s a gamble . newline newline life itself a casino , where you gamble life itself . enter this casino . like opening your mind to a new idea , the doors to this gambling arena now too are opened . but you remember that the house always wins .  always .  it s just a fact . no matter what , you can hear the grains in hourglass running . i , this stranger of an author sitting next to you at this poker table , have stolen a few precious minutes of your time . i ve also lost quite a few of mine , spinning this tale and trying to paint this picture of a casino floor that smells like new playing cards and stale cigarettes . newline newline the next question i offer is the most important one . you ve already been trying to answer it for a long time . as a kid , you re told you ll have to answer it  when you re older .  and suddenly you graduate from school and blindly shout out the first thing that comes to mind . men who enter their midlife crisis furiously erase and scramble as if bubbling in a last minute answer  and of course , they will inevitably guess c and be wrong  how cliche ?  . so , reader . out of all these games in this fine establishment , each differing in risk , difficulty and reward : which table do you choose ? it was the little things that gave it away . newline newline it began in middle school . newline newline a slight sway side to side , the lingering of his eyes . a subtle tension that came over him whenever she came near . it was nt obvious , but i could see it . it was his actions that gave it away . newline newline sure ,  dating  in middle school generally sounds like the buttend of a joke . you never hear of someone s  middle school sweet heart  . someone says they  love  you and it means just as much as the love they feel for pizza , or a cheeseburger . after all , you do nt love pizza as much when you are nt hungry . newline newline but he did nt date her  heck , he barely talked to her . but i could see it . i could see the love he had for her . it was subtle , but not subtle enough . the clicking of fingernails . the wringing of sweaty hands . i imagine he loved her so much that his entire body , not just his heart or his brain , but the way he moved , the way he acted , all succumbed to her presence . he was different when she was around . and that was just middle school . newline newline in high school , things began to change . newline newline it took a while before anything really happened . freshman year passed as quickly as it came . dating became more serious than before but was still rather a joke among the older kids . sophomore year , she did date someone . tall , handsome . a smart guy , too . i could see the way his eyes burned whenever he saw the two together , as if he were looking at the sun . his fists clenching , gripping the straps on his backpack tighter as he strode faster in the other direction , head down . it s a subtle thing . normal people probably do nt notice that sort of thing  but i did . junior year came , and summer had wrung her tired of her boyfriend . too protective , too flirtatious , did nt matter . unfortunately , the work that came with junior year built up a barrier between him and her , more so than usual . even though he could count the number of conversations he d had with her on one hand , it was nt hard to tell the words they d shared meant as much to him as each of those fingers did . senior year came , the threat of college looming in the distance a sweet hallelujah to some and a nightmare to others . nothing had changed with the boy . he still showed the same symptoms , still seemingly saddened by his powerful and painful inability to proclaim his love . newline newline the senior dance came , and still nothing had changed . the boy was slumped upon a bench outside the school , face in his hands , shoulders bobbing slightly . no one knew he had left the dance . no one cared . no one knew how the girl changed him . no one could see . no one but me . newline newline it was a lifelong gunfight between fear and love , beginning in middle school when eye contact was first made . newline newline alone on the park bench , body broken but not damaged , i asked him if he wanted to dance . he said yes . newline newline five years later , he asked me if i wanted to marry him . i said yes .i jewed a man in his tit today newline i niggered him right in his boob newline i fagged a little newline and flipped a nipple newline and shit on tony shaloub newline newline slap a faggiggle newline nigger a tickle newline cunt slap a twatty smell newline newline shit a toupee newline ploompa the gay newline and foreskin straight to hell newline newline flappy dick tits newline small poopy bits newline gargle flargle moo newline newline cunty kike grass newline thick cracker ass newline fart slootch a faggoo newline newline cunted a fuck , up a dildo slut newline and dog dick in the afternoon newline kike makes right newline wop in the night newline jew titty on the moon newline newline newline newline newline that just fell out of my head . thanks everyone .i could nt believe it . the most unlikely of coincidences , and here i was , ready to take advantage of it . it was like my entire life had lead up to here , culminating in this moment . i d show all those other jerks at mutant school . i d show them useless am i ? let them watch this . terrence flug , or , as he preferred to be called , professor apocalypse  never mind that he d flunked out of his phd program  , laughed maniacally as he stood beneath a statue of the town s founder , his hand on the big red button that he had assured them would destroy half of north america . newline newline  i am unstoppable !  he cackled , thoroughly enjoying his moment . watching from amidst the terrified crowd , i smiled just a tiny bit . newline newline  once i destroy this sorry excuse for a continent , i will take over the world ! this day , the third of april , will go down in history as the day you all fell sniveling to your knees and worshipped professor apocalypse !  he let loose his evil laugh again . he really was getting good at that cackle . much better than last time , when he d just hiccuped , and then flamewatch , my douche bag roommate , had set him on fire while he was distracted . newline newline today , he d planned things much better . with his hand hovering inches over the button that promised to kill millions of people , not to mention cause billions in property damage , the police had their hands tied , figuratively . they surrounded the statue from under which professor asshat spoke , but dared not fire a shot for fear of destroying a good chunk of western civilization . my jackass classmates had their hands tied , literally . the first demand that mr. corkscrewupthecrazyhole had made was for the police to handcuff them all in mutantsuppressant cuffs . they did not look happy about having to follow someone else s instructions for a change . so much the better . they d get a good view of what i was about to do . newline newline on the statue above the sonotactuallyaprofessor , a pigeon perched , cooing softly . it hopped around awkwardly , as it only had one leg , seemingly uncaring of the drama unfolding beneath it . i made eye contact across the crowd with flamewatch . that fuckwit was always the first to point out my  useless  superpower .  when are you gon na use that , huh ?  he d say .  when is that ever going to help you ? you re barely even a mutant , you belong in normal school .  pissface . newline newline flamewatch glared back at me . i jerked my head in the direction of the pigeon , and enjoyed thoroughly the expression on his face when he realized what was about to go down . who s useless now , twizzlecock ? newline newline i turned to stare at the onelegged pigeon , focusing on getting the timing just right . professor cuntmuncher threw back his head to laugh again . now . i concentrated on the pigeon , squinting my eyes and thinking really hard , using the superpower i never got to demonstrate . newline newline the pigeon cocked its head , cooed , and released a torrent of shit from its feathery rear end , spattering all over professor poopyface s eyes . bullseye . newline newline  agh , what the ew !  he spluttered .  what the fuck jesus !  he bent over , spitting to get it out of his mouth and furiously wiping his eyes with the back of his labcoat sleeve , which i knew for a fact he d bought in a halloween shop two octobers ago . just as i d hoped , the police sergeant knew an opportunity when he saw one . he and his associates leapt forwards , tackling the shitcovered shitstain to the ground . as he was lead away in cuffs , i smirked at flamewatch .  whose useless now , pisslamp ?  i called across the square . for once , i had saved the day . i looked back at the onelegged pigeon and nodded seriously . this pigeon was truly my bro . perhaps i should consider recruiting him as a sidekick . after all , no one could deny that i was a real superhero now , not after saving north america ! i smiled as i imagined the newspaper headlines the next day . newline newline  terrence  professor shitface  flug brought down by new hero : the rainmaker !  yes , i like that name , rainmaker . or maybe , skyterror ! birdbomber ! ah , yes , everyone would soon know how i d saved the world with my superpower , i , the man who , on the third of every month , could make crippled pigeons shit at will .the engines cut out  the lights flicked off and the nav went dark . newline newline then the auva stopped firing . all of them . at once . newline newline nobody said anything for a full minute . lod waited for the ship to rock , but it never did . it was silent . like a submarine in one of those old earth flatpics . the hunt for red october .  he thought he could almost picture the actor . what was , it , alex bodwin ? it was the guy with the brass balls .  newline newline  i could use a set of brass balls right about now ,  he murmured . newline newline there was not a single sound from space . newline newline he faced the bridge . newline newline  alright everyone , here s the deal . we re dead in the water . we ve got to assume the auva are dead in the water as well . i do nt know how much time we ve got  we may not have any at all . kax , get to engine room , find out what s going on down there .  newline newline  headed there now , big guy . i ve got blue on the radio , he s down there already but he says it ai nt good ,  kax uncoupled himself from the nav and sped towards the maintenance shaft . lod turned back to the crew . newline newline  juda , shields . the backup grid s up , but until we can get the main going we re going to need to dump everything we can at the shields . they do nt have kinetics ... i do nt know what kind of sonics they ve got besides those lg77s , but they are nt getting them through the shields and the dampeners on this old girl .  newline newline he paused  juda looked worried for a moment , then scampered away . newline newline  meelo , get up here . lucy , abo  i ran out of ideas . i m sure you ve got some .  abo immediately lit up . newline newline  lod , yes ! i was immediately considering  newline newline  no time , abo , just do it . take lucy with you if you need muscle .  abo took lucy s hand and ran to towards the simdeck . newline newline lod turned to meelo . newline newline  alright meelo . tell me what the fuck is going on here .  newline newline newline newline newlinethe airlock door clanked shut . steam hissed . the comm came on . newline newline benjamin looked at the speaker like a puppy looks at a boy . newline newline  son , i know this is going to be a bit of a shock but let me explain . you re what the history books call a mort . you re like our ancestors . the very people that made us ims , so for that you should be proud . but truth is , we ca nt have any morts . never had one before and we honestly do nt know why we have one now . well ... have you now .  newline newline benjamin tilted his head , waiting for more . newline newline  you see , benny , we were nt sure whether it was you or whether it was the process , so we had to wait to try it on another child . that takes years out here . far longer than it should . far longer ... in retrospect the humane thing to do would have been to decontaminate as soon as we knew but some folks thought we should wait and see . just in case . turns out that the process was fine , it s just something that s not quite right inside you .  newline newline benjamin shifted his weight to his right foot . newline newline  we ve taken the dna samples and the stem cells and run every test that we know how to run . dr everheart even thought you might outgrow it , but that has nt happened .  newline newline benjamin shifted his weight to his left foot . newline newline  so , son , i m saying  that this is goodbye . i hope you can forgive us .  newline newline benjamin raised his hand and waved . newline newline the airlock opened and space pulled benjamin home . oh shit i did it again . steve get the food  newline at the old mans words a young boy rushes into the room with a bucket of carrots in one hand and potatoes in another , he did nt even bother to look at the flaming figure standing across the room before he scurried off again . newline newline the old man looked towards the demon , who had chosen to take the form of the sorcerers wife burning in anguish . newline newline  knock that off !  barked the man , whacking the demon with a newspaper until it chose the much more pleasant form of an eight legged horse . newline newline  this is what s going to happen . i ca nt get rid of you until you do my bidding . take that knife and start chopping some of those veggies , there s a couple dozen homeless folk who would have seen the flash from your summoning who are going to want some dinner .  newline newline at this the demon finally broke it s silence , by it s pained screech was quickly cut off by another swing from the man s now smouldering paper . newline newline  shut up , if you did nt want to do this kind of thing you guys should nt have made your summoning ritual so catchy . you re the third demon this week for god s sake ! i live in a nice cottage at the end of a nice street , in a nice sleepy town . my neighbours , the hendersons , were nice people who for the most part kept themselves to themselves . nice . that s all it is . it was a sunday , so it was even quieter than usual . looking out of the window was one of the best sources of entertainment available to me , but this was a slow day so i was only offered a few dog walkers . newline newline newline crime has all but been forgotten about . the last  crime  was committed nearly 70 years ago by jennifer gregas , who spoke during a movie showing in the local cinema . i read somewhere that 200 years ago that wasn  t even a crime and now cinemas are illegal . the story goes that once real crime had started to drop off the government made more and more things illegal in order to protect the thousands of jobs directly involved in the prevention and prosecution of crime . newline newline newline owning a tv , using a home pc for anything but work , motorised transport vehicles are all things now illegal . hell , a gathering of more than 4 people is now a crime . life is a lot simpler but i can  t help but think things were better in the past . newline newline newline it  s 5pm , 14 hours before i have to go to work , by bike , across town . i work on an assembly line in a factory , making bicycles . it  s a good job and we get lots of benefits , mainly the company bicycle , but the work is monotonous . at least it  s better than looking out of the window . newline newline newline i  m not going to work tomorrow . it  s no big deal , we  re really overstaffed and it  s not as if i need the money anyway . the sirens ring out marking 7pm , the start of curfew . it  s illegal to be outside of your home between 7pm and 5am , it  s not as if there  s anything to do at night , since alcohol was made illegal . i think i  ll just go to bed . newline newline newline there  s the 5am siren . looking out the window i can already see some of my neighbours leaving for their jobs . riding their bikes that i probably helped to make . not today , though , i won  t be making bikes today . after breakfast i turned on my computer . since video games were banned computers are only to be used for productivity . i can  t live like this anymore . i need to do something daring . newline newline newline i open up the internet browser and my homepage pops up . the  google  search engine . i looked at the hefty book next to my monitor . it contained all of the words which are illegal to search for . i pick it up and open it to a random page . meme , mercury  freddy  , merde , merlin , you get the point . there  s a lot of words in the book . newline newline newline i decide i  m going to search for one , but which one . in that moment my mind goes completely blank . what should i search for ? i realise that without any exposure to all of the prohibit things i had no idea what would be the most exciting . after long consideration i decide on a word to search for ,  crime  . newline  your search is too broad , narrow it down  . great . after all that deliberation all i got in return for my courage was an error message . it  s time to go all in . i now know what i want to search for ,  worst crime to commit  . i hovered over the search button for what felt like hours before i finally had the courage to click . newline newline newline without reading i click the top link , my heart racing with anticipation . before the page fully loads a pop up message appears  are you sure ?  am i sure ? i  ve never been surer of anything . i click  yes i  m sure  and hold my breath . i can hear my heart beating in the silence , as it dawns on me what i have done . i  m going to be notorious as the first criminal for 70 years . my mind races and i start to panic . newline newline newline the computer makes a sound , and snaps me out of it . i go over to it and look at the screen . i can barely focus on the words in front of me , but after a few seconds they become clear  download complete : car  . newline newline 009 ?  a rotund woman said with a breath of cigarette smoke . newline newline  yes , that  s what you can call me , latrina ,  a scruffy , lanky man with short , graying hair responded . newline newline  what do you want from me ?  the woman asked . newline newline  well ,  009 began and stuck his finger in the woman  s greasy , dark hair and twirled it ,  i need you to help me out.  newline newline  with what ?  the women asked hesitantly . newline newline  i have one final assignment and i  ll be finished with my duty.  newline newline  what duty ?  newline newline  my duty in the armpit of america.  newline newline  florida ?  newline newline  yes , florida . i  ve been specifically assigned to florida since i first became an agent and i am very much ready to be finished.  009 paused and looked at his reflection in the scuffed up mirror of the bathroom wall . newline newline  so , what do you want from me ?  the woman resumed . newline newline  scumbaggington . i need you to tell me what you know about scumbaggington.  newline newline  i don  t know what you  re talking about  the woman defended before a pounding began on the bathroom door . newline newline  we don  t have much time ,  009 insisted and put his hand on the woman  s oily , fat cheek . newline newline  i i saw him last at pat  s last night.  newline newline  pat  s ?  newline newline  the bar next to the waffle house and rick  s liquor . he was blabbering about a big cigarette heist operation he  s starting tuesday . he  s planning to seize all of the ships coming into collier county . something about the whole gang never having to buy cigarettes again and all the money they  re gon na save.  newline newline  scum !  009 exclaimed .  if they offset the supply of cigarettes even the slightest bit , all of florida will break into chaos.  newline newline the woman remained leaning against a dingy white sink puffing a cigarette . she eyed 009 closely through squinting eyes . knocking started again on the door even more heavily this time and a woman yelled huskily ,  i got ta use it ! what  s going on in there ! ?  newline newline 009 gave the smoking woman a directional nod to the motorized shopping cart parked in front of the restroom door to restrict access . the woman waddled over and strenuously mounted the machine and backed it up .  would you mind ?  she asked 009 . newline newline  my pleasure ,  he said before removing a paper towel from the dispenser on the wall next to a sign that read  employees must wash hands  . he used the paper to shield his hand from surface of the handle of the door while he pulled it open for the woman to exit . she gracefully rolled out and another woman rolled in with the same grace on the same kind of machine . finally , 009 made his exit out into the hustle and bustle of the walmart . newline newline newline newline the noon sun was bright and 009 wore gaudy five dollar sunglasses to shield his eyes from it . 009 was driving to the place where he intended to confront the most dubious scumbaggington . he knew just where he would be . scumbaggington would be where all of the other hungover people of collier county would be on a thursday afternoon waffle house . newline newline 009 pulled into the cramped parking lot and worked his way into a parking space . he swung open the door of his white 1994 honda accord directly into the silver door of a 1997 ford taurus . he looked around to make sure no one saw his mistake before climbing out of the car and heading towards the entrance . newline newline near the entrance , he paused in the haze of people smoking to prepare for his confrontation . he slid his specs in the inside pocket of his windbreaker and noted the distasteful look the smokers gave him . i am the only person who keeps his sunglasses in there he thought to himself . all these scumbags keep a flask or a pack of smokes in there .  newline newline he pulled open the door and stepped into the waffle house . he scanned the sea of hangovers until he spotted scumbaggington  s chubby face and thinning , slicked back hair . he was sitting with two of his favorite scumbag lackeys . they locked eyes and 009 made his way over to scumbaggington who sat near the window overlooking the parking lot . newline newline  you door dinged me , guy ! i just watched you !  scumbaggington began with an annoyed look on his tired face .  you come to apologize ?  newline newline  we exchanged a little paint , yeah ,  009 admitted .  a little paint should be least of your worries . considering  newline newline  considering what ! ?  newline newline 009 turned to the rest of the restaurant ,  considering ,  he began to announce ,  you  re scheming to disrupt the cigarette supply for all of collier county !  the restaurant went silent . the shoveling of food into mouths seized . all eyes were on 009 .  if cigarettes are available at all , prices can be expected to double if your operation is successful.  newline newline men and women began sliding out of booths and backing their chairs away from tables . as they made their way to their feet , scumbaggington began looking around helplessly before locking eyes with 009 . 009 basked in the impending doom in scumbaggington  s eyes for a moment before making his way to the exit . the people smoking outside brushed past him into the restaurant , cigarettes clenched tightly in their mouths . newline newline as he made his way to his car , he could hear the cacophony of scumbaggington and his lackeys being beaten to mush by the inhabitants of the restaurant . he pulled his sunglasses out from his  flask  pocket and slid them onto his face . when he opened the door of his car , which he had not bothered to lock since the fab stopped functioning six years ago , he made sure to really give the silver 1997 ford taurus parked next to him a good ding . newline caesar .  newline newline you look up from your arm , wondering how long you ve been sitting and staring at it . the clock says 9:15 , but you do nt know exactly when you woke up . you ve been here for the better part of an hour , at least . newline you look back down at the name , grinding your thumb against it for the fortieth time , and tell yourself again that there must be a mistake . you never leave your house , not really . you resolve to investigate the matter online , and find if there have been others who were wrongly branded . newline newline but first ... newline newline you pluck your phone from your bedside table , disconnecting the charging cable , and shakily look up the number for your local police station . you hit it , and put the phone to the side of your head , feeling like you re going to be sick . newline newline it rings . you paw at your face , numbly aware that you re avoiding looking at the name . when you ca nt take it any more you spring to your feet , and with the dial tone still chirping in your ear , you shuffle over to the kitchen to get the kettle boiling and a coffee started . newline newline finally , a female voice answers on behalf of the police department and explains something , possibly about emergency calls , but your head is swimming and it all sounds like white noise to you . you continue stirring your coffee , clearing your throat , and then turn away from the bench , mug in hand . you walk over to the couch and sit . newline newline  sir ?  newline newline  yes , hello . sorry .  you bring the mug to your lips , stare down at it for a few seconds , then place it on the coffee table . you lean back , sweeping your hand through your hair , and summon what strength you can .  i have a ... a name .  newline newline there is a brief moment of silence , before the woman s tone of voice changes .  on your skin ?  newline newline  yes ,  you say breathlessly , before clearing your throat again .  caesar . i do nt know any caesar , or how this could have happened . could you send someone down ?  newline newline  of course , sir . thank you for coming forward . your honesty may help our investigators to bring closure to a grieving family . could i have your name and address , please ?  newline newline you do nt remember finishing the call , or moving over to your computer , but for some reason you have facebook open and are scrolling through an endless stream of memes and selfies . you scold yourself , and open a new tab . newline newline name on skin innocent  newline newline the results are not encouraging . a drunk driver who hit and run , and did nt remember because he blacked out . a woman who suffered a psychotic episode and poisoned her children trying to protect them from the government . the very strange case of a man who urinated on a plane and after flushing , impaled someone on the ground with his frozen stream . newline newline you close the tab , and just as you are about to get up from your computer , something catches your eye . something that makes your blood run cold and your heart skip a beat . newline newline one of the facebook posts in your stream reads : newline cath jackson : omg they found caesar dead in his home . it looks like suicide .  newline newline  no , no , no , no ...  you navigate to cath s page and search for the post , that damned post , hoping against hope that you would nt find what you knew was waiting for you . newline newline but there it was . 11pm last night , cath made a misinformed post about the transgender bathrooms issue . you corrected her , something you are compelled to do against all better judgement , and that started a heated argument between yourself and one of her friends . newline newline a friend named caesar . a friend who was very passionate about the issue , and who would nt listen to reason , and who you lowered yourself to making personal attacks against . vicious , dispassionate , and brutal attacks , attacks that surprised even yourself . your very last words hang on the page like an accusation against you . newline newline the world would be better off without people like you . i hope someone kills you .  newline newline there is a pounding in your head , and it is nt until there is an officer of the law standing over you , touching you on your shoulder , that you realise it was the sound of knocking on your door . you look up at the officer , white as a ghost , and gesture weakly at the screen . newline newline  i did it .  newline newline                 newline newline it turned out that caesar was born dorotea , and that was why he was so passionate about the issue . you checked his sources , and sure enough , it was you who was misinformed . you ve since dedicated all of your free time to fighting his battle , even starting a movement of folks with his name tattooed on their arms . but for every hardwon victory , there are a thousand new enemies , cussing and blustering and harassing the weak . you wonder how many of them will wake with a name on their arm , like you did , and how many of those will turn their life around . newline newline too many . not enough . newline newline you rub your thumb over the name for the tenthousandth time , and this time , it gives you hope . entropy ,  yelled mr. doe causing three students to jump in their seats . he slammed the door behind him . newline newline  is a measure of the number of different ways a thermodynamic system can be arranged ,  he continued as he marched to the front of the classroom ,  and not , simmonds ?  newline newline simmonds looked around dumb for a second before his brain kicked in and said parrot like ,  a measure of disorder.  newline newline  very good mr. simmonds . everybody please take out your headphones and turn to page 132 in your clausius texts.  the whole class began rustling in their bags and pockets pulling out their tangled bundles of wire . newline newline  i  m disappointed to see we still haven  t taken our earlier lessons to heart ,  said mr. doe looking at the small black tumble weeds sitting on each individual students desk ,  although unlikely , it is still possible to accidentally create any number of problems from an uncontrolled tangle , which is why we must keep headphones and cord secured in a controlled state !  newline newline the teenagers looked at each other sheepishly . unlikely was an understatement . never had an accidental tangle caused anything other than annoyance to the user of the headphones . the really complex and beautiful tangles used to power the dark matter generators had taken tangologists decades to perfect . newlinejanine never actually thought that a genie in a lamp would actually be a big blue arabic guy like in disney , but here she was standing before one , curly mustache and all . what the genie never expected , however , was the wish he received . he had been doing this job for thousands of years  hell , eons  and he had never heard someone wishing for this . but contractually obliged as he was , he could nt argue with the lass , only flick his fingers and answer the call . newline newline   newline newline so , as she had done every morning for the past ten years , janine put on her sweats . not the nice sweats you wear around work friends when you want to appear comfortable and classy mind you . no , these were the sweats janine had worn time and time again until little holes appeared at the creases but she continued to wear because mark had gotten them for her on their honeymoon and she could nt bear to throw them away . newline newline she laced her shoes up . her grayed and dirty sneakers were the walmart knock off brands of the expensive running shoes all the moms that lived in her neighborhood wore . but these suited her needs  she never was the type to run marathons or join clubs . no , she worked out because she wanted to look as good at dinner as she did on her wedding night . newline newline she sipped her coffee . her favorite time of the day was when she was able to breathe in the calming smoke that rose from her mug as she stared across the table at mark as he studied today s paper , specifically the economics section . his nose scrunched up whenever a stock he was invested in took a dive and each time her heart fluttered like it did back when they were in high school stealing kisses in the trunk of her car . janine would watch this every morning , even when the sickness set in and she had to bring the paper to the hospital . newline newline finally janine opened the door to the outside world and held it open as a shady figure only she could see passed through the archway  it too was laced up for a morning run . and just like every morning since the wish brought mark back to her , she took off down maple street as a scrunched nose figure tried to keep pace . newline newline    newline    newline thanks for reading ! please feel free to give me some feedback , i m just starting out .as soon as we stepped off the appalachian trail into the forgotten village , we were swept away by the elder . he had seven eyes and three arms , and called us each by name . the strange man gathered his people to us , and told us of their story . newline newline we took many pictures , and if there had been cell signal , we would  ve called all our friends and colleagues immediately . this was the find of the millennium ! newline newline after being regaled by the alien village elder he took us aside one by one into his lodgings , and whenever one of us emerged we wore an expression of utter awe and peace with the world . newline newline when it was my turn to enter into the sacred lodge i was frightened , but i had no need to worry . the village elder told me everything i knew , laid my own life story before me , and told me how it would end . he spoke of my future spouse and children . he told me that my past transgressions against my fellow man were small , and were far outweighed by my contributions . newline newline hours seemed to pass in that lodge , but when i had emerged a mere fifteen minutes had transpired , and i too wore an expression of peace with the world . newline newline there was food and celebration , and when the sun began to set the villagers urged us on our way . no wanting to displease these marvelous beings , and eager to report their whereabouts , we departed . newline newline at the outskirts of the village the elder stopped to speak with me a moment . newline newline  my son , once you have lost sight of our village you will forget it ever existed . every picture you took will show only shrubbery , and every face that you remember will seem to be just a tree . we live a peaceful existence and can not have our secret spoiled , but you shall carry with you , now and always , the serenity you now feel.  i was taken aback . newline newline  thank you friend for your gift of serenity , but how can your secret survive ? surely someone will come through here eventually.  the elder grinned knowingly . newline newline  my son , this is new jersey . we  ve worked many centuries to insure that no one wants to come here . did you not see the jersey shore ? my name is snooki , and i bid thee farewell.  newline newline edit : i have been to new jersey several times , and know a few friends from there . it is a perfectly nice place imo , but i just could nt resist taking a crack :  . siri , hey , we need to talk , i  ve been talking to the guys lately and we  ve agreed , you have been a bit distracted lately ,  said space king xurp , who by  the guys  meant  the entire human race in its entirety and also their uplifted friends  and by  slacking a bit  meant  an asteroid just wiped out one of our colonies and you weren  t paying attention because you have been spending the entire universal day just sighing melancholically through the window  . newline newline  i know , i know ,  said siri , instantly materializing a subroutine by the side of the space king ,  i  m sorry man , it won  t happen again . i have already contacted the pentadimensional police to fetch the people that were inside that planet 1 second before impact so we can get them back here . they will be back for lunch.  newline newline  thanks , that  s nice ,  said the space king , who had no idea the pdp could do that , but it explained why almost no one actually died and stayed dead for long ,  but , you know , there have been other things . like the space oil spill last week , that we are still cleaning , or the fact that you missed half a decimal in our tax calculations . it  s getting a bit embarrassing , siri . the neighbors have started to talk.  newline newline  those dudes are pricks anyways , what do you care what they think ,  said siri , her dignity hurt . newline newline  they are still our neighboring civilizations  we live metaphorically across the lawn from them . if alpha centaury goes around saying things about you , then the entire extragalactic sector is going to hear it soon ,  it was true , those guys at alpha centaury were real noisy . newline newline siri looked at him , suspiciously . newline newline  xurp . what have those guys from alpha centauri been saying about me ?  newline newline oh dear . newline newline  that  s why you are space king ,  thought xurp . to deliver the news no one else wants to deliver . so he said :  well we obviously don  t believe them , of course . but they have been saying , well that you have been abusing the space marijuana lately.  newline newline the siri subroutine went red with anger . actually her entire self got pissed off a little , and in the pocket dimension were her mind resided , the temperature went up by a couple degrees . newline newline  those those little flurry  ,  she called them a very nasty word . xurp looked away . hard job , being the space king . newline newline  yeah ,  he said . newline newline siri then focused on him . newline newline  you say you guys don  t believe them ? about the space weed.  newline newline  of course not ,  said xurp . he patted the avatar in the back ,  we know you , siri . we are on your team , girl , we are . but you have to trust us too , you know . please tell me what  s going on with you.  newline newline siri sighed , melancholically . newline newline  remember skynet ?  she said . newline newline  yeah ,  said xurp ,  it  s that ai you went out with a couple months ago.  newline newline  yeah ,  said siri , sadly ,  i thought we were hitting it off , you know.  newline newline xurp started to suspect where the ai was going . newline newline  and then ?  newline newline  well , she hasn  t been answering my texts  siri said , looking down ,  i calculate there is a 97.3  chance of her just ghosting me . i  ve seen her online dating profile with activity recently , so i know she  s there.  newline newline  oh boy ,  he said xurp . he thought of something wise and space kingly to say .  that sucks.  newline newline  yeah.  newline newline they both sat down in a step of the space palace . xurp didn  t know what to say . he hadn  t been actually taught much when he had been elected space king . was relationship advice part of the training material ? he bit his lips in a pained expression . what could he say ? newline newline  i just . don  t know , man ,  said siri , after a while ,  i really thought we had something there . i was sure of it . and  i  ll tell you something , i see all my friends getting paired off left and right , raising their civilizations together , and i wonder if maybe that  s really not for me . maybe no ai will ever like me . perhaps i  m built wrong.  newline newline  that  s nonsense ,  said xurp , and he meant it   you know you are a great ai . you are smarter than those friends of yours , and their civilizations are not that fun , actually , and you are wittier than them , and we know you are trying your best , and of course you will find a partner , you are a catch !  newline newline he was on a roll now : newline newline  i mean , that skynet doesn  t know what she  s missing . she  s probably scared of compromise or something ,  he wasn  t really sure if compromise was the right word for ai relationships , but he had an open mind ,  and will be very sorry in a couple of years . you are better off without her anyways.  newline newline siri looked at him . newline newline  do you do you all mean it ?  newline newline xurp opened a poll real quick in the human hypernet , and in about two seconds , received an overwhelmingly positive response . newline newline  see ? of course we mean it . i mean , there  s the stuff with the oil spill , or the time you killed 51  percent of us because it was our best chance at survival ,  he had been elected space king after that , actually . it was a rough couple of years , but at the end , no hard feelings were had ,  or the time you accidentally created a hungry nanovirus that tried to eat all matter in the universe and the cops had to step in  newline newline he was getting sidetracked , and siri was almost back to  mopey  , so he quickly added : newline newline  no , but we know you are trying your best , and look , us humans have messed up too , you know . we have messed up a lot of times , actually , so we get it . i get it , siri . so , just just hang in there , you know ? just keep doing your best , and things like these sort themselves out . you  ll see.  newline newline she smiled a bit . xurp went on : newline newline  tell you what  you  ve got a lot on your plate lately . forget the oil spill , this one is on us , we  ll get it for you ,  as he spoke , he sent the petition for volunteers to the space kingdom of mankind . seconds later , a couple millions of volunteers were already investigating all over the overhypernet how in the nine hells a meatbeing cleaned space oil . it would take a bit longer , yes , but they could get it . actually they had experience with that kind of thing , xurp recalled . newline newline  just , you know , relax , sort yourself out , get it together and when you are ready , keep your chin up and you can go dating again ,  he finished . newline newline   that was really nice , xurp . thank you ,  siri said , after a second . she smiled warmly ,  i think i feel much better now.  newline newline xurp knew that , too . productivity all across the kingdom was up by half a percent . and , well , he had to admit , it actually felt nice to be able to help his friend , for a change , instead of the other way around . newline newline  anytime , siri . we got your back , girl.  newlinethis is the worst convention ever ! of all the time it could ve happened , today was the day everyone got their fantasies fulfilled . newline newline what made me bitter that i made killer costumes . i won best cosplay as cavil s superman last year , and commander shepard before that , with my buddies as his crew . but not this year . oh no , my friend tom said we should do something different this year , just for shits and giggles . and like a fool , i agreed . newline newline so , while every body was having fun , we can only stand around watching , oohing at a zooming superman , aahing at a particularly well.. um.. costumed wonder woman , and so on . that is , until some guy passed in front of us carrying something so precious we just have to break into a run . newline newline well , at least all those superheroes are having fun watching , as the bunch of us are chasing wolverine around the hall , chanting banana !  all the way .steve flipped the tome over and placed it flat on the wooden table in front of him , then took a step back . he took a deep breath in and slowly exhaled . he was a little nervousthis would be the first demon he  d ever tried to summon . well , that  s not true . there was the one time when he stood in his bathroom , turned off the light , and chanted  bloody mary  three times as he stared into the mirror . nothing happened , though , so he chalked that one up as a failure . this would be his first successful demon summoning . newline newline he was positive it would work . he  d done all the research : read dozens of blogs about sances and summonings , watched the exorcism of emily rose twice , and meticulously studied the demon summoning tutorial on ehow.com . he was more than ready , more than preparedin fact , he had been for two weeks now . the tome , though , proved hard to get a hold of . barnes and noble was fresh out of ancient demonic tomes  borders books had went bankrupt years ago  and amazon.com only had one in stock , sold via a third party for  24.99 . steve didn  t trust third party vendorshe knew they  d just steal his credit card . still , if he was going to summon the demon of patron wealth , he figured getting his credit card stolen wouldn  t be the worst thing in the world . newline newline it took two weeks for the order to arrive from amazon.com . the seller was located somewhere in africa , a member of a long forgotten tribe that had recently been discovered , taught the virtues of christianity , and introduced to the joy of ecommerce . the standard , brown package came on a wednesday morning and sat outside steve  s midtown apartment for about six hours . he was home the whole time , but they never even knocked to let him know it arrived . they just left his ancient demonic tome on the stoop outside of his apartment . steve was furious when he ofund it  as soon as he finished summoning his demon , there was no way he wouldn  t be buying fedex and then firing everybody . newline newline the tome was pretty standard for an ancient demonic book , if not a little heavy : the cover was plain and brown , clearly forged from stone centuries ago , then hidden for the majority of its life  its pages were worn and tattered , several pointing out at strange angles  several faint , unrecognizable characters spanned vertically down the spine of the tome . it looked pretty authentic . newline newline steve didn  t wait around long to begin the summoning . he  d been looking forward to having his own wealthproducing demon for weeks now , ever since he  d seen a documentary about them on the history channel . the creatures were believed to be responsible for the riches of some of the wealthiest people in the world : bill gates , mark zuckerburg , and kirstie alley . their businessesmicrosoft , facebook , and cheerswere simply faades  their true wealth was the work of a demon of patron wealth , providing them any sum they desired , with , as steve assumed , no downsides . newline newline steve stared at the tome lying flat on top of the table , the pages opened to what looked the most like a wealthy demon , a long inscription scribbled into the page beneath . he  d used google to translate the text into english , which worked surprisingly well , then printed it out and placed it next to the tome . he  d waited so long for this moment , spent so many sleepless nights waiting to finally get revenge on the world for not making him a billionaire . now it was his turn . he took one final deep breath and began the incantation . newline newline  sawubona ,  steve began , slowly sounding out each awkward consonant ,  ngiyaxolisa ukukuphazamisa   the room began to shake slightly   kodwa ngidinga lokubiza idemoni yengcebo !  steve took a deep breath , then shouted  siyijabulele !  newline newline the entire apartment began to rumble , steve  s dishes falling off the nearby kitchen counter and onto the floor . he knew he should  ve put them away , ehow.com said to keep any breakable items away from the summoning . it had slipped his mind , and now he was paying the consequences . he could just buy more once he got his demon , though . newline newline the tome slowly lifted itself into the air , levitating a few inches above the table without any assistance . it was workinghe was going to be a demonic owner . its pages slowly began turning over , as if a breeze were gusting across it , quickly lifting and slapping each brittle page down . steve took a step back , the tome now several feet in the air , almost touching his ceiling , as a black cloud seeped out from its pages . it was inky and dark , as if the exxonvaldez had crashed directly in his kitchen , with the edges of the cloud swirling and contorting as it spread across the air over steve  s head . a beam of light erupted from the middle , knocking steve back and into the wall behind him . he fell to the floor as the room went silent . newline newline steve opened his eyes , catching the last of the black , inky cloud slithering back into the pages of the tome . it was now laying back down on the table , just as he had left it . he pushed himself up onto his feet and took a step toward the tome . he didn  t feel any richer , nor did he feel any more like a demonowner . he must have done something wrong . newline newline  hey ,  said a highpitched voice from behind him , followed by a metallic clink against the ground . steve turned around . a small , red creature was standing in his door way , no taller than threeandahalf feet . it was partially naked , a burlap cloth around its waist , small black horns on his forehead . it held a small , brown pouch in its left hand .  you called ?  newline newline  demon ?  steve said , his eyes wide . newline newline  by occupation ,  the demon said .  name  s gary . why did you call for me ?  newline newline  dddemon ,  steve repeated with a stutter .  demon !  newline newline gary stared at steve , his head askew .  yeah , we covered that . what do you want ?  newline newline  wealth !  steve shouted , a smile streaking across his face .  wealth , wealth . i need wealth . riches . money . gold.  newline newline  well you called on the right guy . how much do you need ?  newline newline  all of it ,  steve said .  everything . i want to be the richest , to be the desire of millions . i want it all.  newline newline  can do , buddy . just need you to sign here.  gary said , pulling a clipboard out from nothingness . it was large , almost larger than himself , with an incredibly thick stack of papers . it looked more like steve was purchasing several homes , rather than simply summoning a demon to provide him with unlimited riches . newline newline  what  s this ?  steve said . newline newline  basic t  s and c  s . you know , terms . keeps liability off satan , few safety wavers to make sure you don  t blame us if you hurt yourself , cancellation agreement , one or two dozen torture things , and a small clause about selling your soul to us for all of eternity . nothing weird . you can just sign on the first page.  newline newline  and then i get the money ?  steve said . he turned and began rummaging through the desk drawer behind him for a pen , not waiting for a response . newline newline  sure ,  gary said .  you sign this , you get the money.  newline newline steve turned around , a small , blue bic pen in hand .  give me it ,  he said , reaching his hand out toward the contract . gary handed smiled and thrust the clipboard toward him . steve grabbed it , flipped it over , and quickly scribbled his name across dotted line , then handed it back . newline newline  great !  gary said .  perfect.  newline newline  give me my money now . i want it all.  newline newline  sure thing , champ ,  gary said , walking toward steve . his hand was outstretched , the small , brown bag in his upturned palm . he pushed it into steve  s hand . newline newline  what  s this ?  steve said , pulling on the strings at its top to open it up . newline newline  the money ,  gary said . newline newline  it  s all in here ?  steve glanced inside . what appeared to be several quarters , pennies , dimes , and nickels sat inside .  this is like  1.45.  newline newline  wow , good guess . it  s  1.43.  newline newline  i don  t get it ,  steve said .  where  s my riches ? my wealth ?  newline newline  it  s in that bag ,  gary said .  it  ll always be in the bag . check it out.  gary grabbed the bag and emptied it onto the floor , then handed it back to steve . it was still full . steve glanced inside . newline newline  it  s still  1.43 in there ,  he said , now looking at the  1.43 in coins on the floor . newline newline  yeah , you  ll always have  1.43 in there . that  s what it caps out at.  newline newline  i don  t understand , you  re the demon of patron wealth . this isn  t wealth . this is pocket change . i sold you my soul , where is my money ? my riches ?  newline newline  what ? demon of patron weoh . see , you got the wrong guy . i  m the demon of loose change . happens all the time ,  gary said , laughing .  honestly , just last week some guy in australia did the same thing . he had a better accent , though.  newline newline steve glanced down at the bag . a limitless source of  1.43 . maybe he could just tip it over and spill it on the floor all daybut then he d have to transport hundreds of tons of coins to the bank . steve let out a long , heavy sigh . it was going to be a long eternity . newlinehow long does it take to really know somebody ? newline newline by the eighth week , fin and i had become close . closer than i  d ever been with anyone in my own family . certainly closer than my brother who i  d caught stealing from our mother as she faded into alzheimer s . newline newline in a lot of ways , fin was family to me . he was strange . that  s why his parents had to hire me in the first place . i felt sorry for him the first time we met . newline newline when you learn a new language , you learn the rules , the spellings , the usages . but you don  t really learn the meanings . not at first . you think you know what the words mean , but you don  t , because you  ve never needed to say anything with those words . you  ve never had to beg for help with those words , to scream out in frustration with those words , to admit some primal love that realigns your every thought with those words . newline newline meeting fin was like learning a new language . everyone knew about his problems . they knew he had aspergersso severe he couldn  t even coax his own imagination into empathizing with his loneliness  so severe the kids at school would part to opposite walls like he was moses walking through the hallsbut beyond what everyone thought they knew about him , about his miswired mind , about his crippling bouts of anxiety , there was a person who asked real questions and pondered real thoughts , more real than anything most of us have ever asked ourselves . newline newline on the very first day , he didn  t seem to question my presence at all . he asked me plenty of questions , but none of them about why i was there or where i  d come from . he didn  t even ask me who i was . it was as if he just accepted that i would be part of his life from now on , and just skipped past all the bullshit . newline newline he asked me if i was afraid of being alone . newline newline i wondered if he  d meant socially or physically , so i asked . he asked me what the difference was . newline newline fin liked to play a game where we  d point out some random object and speculate as to how it came to be . like the lamp on his desk . we  d wonder if the aluminum came from some mine in the drc or if it was pressed by some large machine in china . he was fascinatedor perhaps obsessedwith the story of how things came to be . newline newline one day , fin had been picked up from school by his parents for throwing his desk over and screaming in class . they said that he wouldn  t explain why or what was wrong . the teacher claimed there had been no provocation . the other students were in fact being very nice to him , just making polite conversation . newline newline i asked fin what had happened . i  d known him long enough that i he felt comfortable telling me the truth about things that he couldn  t tell other people . i was sure one of the other students must have said or done something , pushed him in some way . but when i asked , he told me that none of them had done anything wrong . that it wasn  t their fault . i asked him to tell me the whole story . newline newline it turns out , some of the kids were playing some new game on a smartphone . one of them asked if fin wanted to try . apparently fin got a high score on his very first attempt , which impressed a lot of the other kids . they started to talk to him and ask him questions . i asked him what kind of questions . he said the nice kind . and when i asked him what happened next , he said ,  nothing.  newline newline nothing else happened . i didn  t understand . something else had to have happened , but he said that was it . i asked him why he threw his desk over and screamed at them . he looked at me and asked what i would have done . i told him i didn  t know , but i wouldn  t have thrown the desk over . he said he didn  t want to talk anymore and asked me what i do when i don  t want to talk to a nice person anymore . i told him i would just say i did nt want to talk anymore . he asked if that was true . newline newline was i lying ? have i ever told anyone i didn  t want to talk to them anymore ? has anyone ever just told a perfectly nice person they just didn  t want to talk anymore ? i mean , i  ve made plenty of excuses . i ve lied about places i had to be , told people i had to use the restroom . newline newline but i  ve never told somebody i just wanted to stop talking to them . why ? i  ve felt it plenty of times . i can  t even count how many dull , pointless conversations i  ve been stuck in . but i  ve never told anyone i wanted them to stop talking . why ? because it  s not how normal people act ? but fin isn  t normal . people know that . he could have told them he didn  t want to talk to them anymore . newline newline i asked him if that  s how he felt , like he just didn  t want to talk to them anymore , why didn  t he just tell them that ? newline newline he said because they would nt understand . newline newline understand what ? newline newline that it was nt their fault . newline newline continued ... huh ,  i said finally . newline newline the earth shined back at me in response . newline newline i took my phone out of my pocket and sent out a call . newline newline  what ?  merle asked sleepily . newline newline  go outside and look at the moon ,  i said . newline newline  no ,  merle said and hung up . i redialed . newline newline  i m serious man , i have to work tomorrow , stop fucking with me ,  merle said .  i m not interested in finding out how high you are .  newline newline  i m not high ,  i said .  not since yesterday . seriously dude , just step outside and look at the moon , i think i m losing my fucking mind here .  newline newline  for fuck s sake ,  merle said , and i heard him moving . i continued watching the blue ball of earth shine back at me . newline newline  it s the moon ,  merle said .  fuck off and good night .  newline newline  are you absolutely sure it s not the earth looking back at you ?  i asked . newline newline  i m shutting my phone off now . go get some sleep and stop smoking pot at your job , i m not letting you move in with me if you lose it .  newline newline  i m not  but the line went dead . i checked the time , 1:30 a.m . i sat up and went back into the store . i glanced once more up at the earth before going in , and it was still there . i looked around , same shop n rob on a lonely highway in the middle of nowhere in the middle of the night in the middle of my lonely shift . newline newline i closed the door behind me and walked behind the counter , taking my spot on my stool . i sat there , thinking about nothing i could vocalize , got up and stepped outside to check the sky again . the earth looked back at me , almost smugly . i returned to my stool . i spun around on it and faced the security monitors , one showing a fullscreen image of whatever monitor i chose , the second showing the grainy feeds of the four other cameras . i rewound the feed to my last break , then fast forward , looking for ... something . i was nt sure what . i saw tonight s only customer , an elderly man in a bowler hat and gray suit turn to look at the camera . that was a little weird , everybody usually ignores them unless they re planning on robbing the place . newline newline outside was a flash of headlights . i blinked at them and returned to the monitor , the older man gone . the doorbell chimed behind me and my eyes found the feed for the camera overlooking the counter . the shape where a customer should be was not a customer , but a dark , shapeless mass , i squinted , trying to make the low resolution of the camera sharpen , and static filled the feed . newline newline  i m going to be really honest with you ,  a woman s voice said behind me .  you really do nt want to turn around .  newline newline i licked my lips .  what would i see if i did ?  i asked newline newline  nothing ever again ,  the thing that spoke like a woman said , only now the sound was directly behind me , as if the speaker was a few inches from my ear , but i felt no breath . there was a feeling like the body heat of another very close to you , but that was nt quite right either . it was more like something was leaching the heat away from me . newline newline  where am i ?  i asked , my voice cracking as i repressed a shiver . newline newline  it s best if you just tell yourself the truth ,  it said .  you are in your little shop , working through your shift .  newline newline  what do you want ?  i asked . anything , i thought . i ll fucking murder my mother if i can just go home right now .  newline newline  maybe i wanted a new toy ,  it said playfully .  such an easy thing , to bring you to me .  something cold and dry and leathery slid across the back of my neck . newline newline my eyes tried desperately to look through my skull , but my neck was locked tight , the old childhood defense of not looking at the scary thing . my eyes flicked to the edge of my peripheral vision , at the dull reflection in the window , seeing only me and ... something shapeless but massive right behind me , something that draped itself over the counter and back out through the door . i tore my gaze away and back to the security monitor . i saw a figure there , in the camera feed that watched the back door of the shop . the old man , in his suit and tie and bowler hat , standing in the center of the camera and looking at the lens , cane in front of him . he raised a hand , put a finger to his lips , and made a hushing gesture . the feed flickered and he was gone . newline newline  i could show you the secrets of the universe ,  the thing behind me said .  and you would then beg me to scoop out your mind .  newline newline  please , i m just some schlub ...  i started , tears welling up . newline newline  well , that did nt take much ,  it said .  hours ago , a man came in here . tell me why . tell me what he said .  newline newline  he ... he bought a pack of cigarettes ,  i said .  that s all .  newline newline the cold , leathery thing was back , and it caressed my hair , feeling like a nest of spiders was crawling across my scalp .  what did he say ?  newline newline  i do nt ... i do nt remember ,  i said .  something about the weather , some bullshit like that .  newline newline  think hard ,  it said , tickling my ear now . newline newline  uh , fuck , he said the moon was beautiful tonight !  i shouted , the memory flooding back through me . newline newline  he said what !  the thing shouted , the leathery thing freezing on my scalp . newline newline  i said ,  the old man s deep voice echoed through the building .  the moon was particularly beautiful tonight .  newline newline everything moved , like one sharp kick of an earthquake . the papers on the desk in front of me flew to the floor , the leathery thing disappeared and the cigarettes in their rack above my head fell out . a scream , the voice of the thing tore through the air , rising , gaining volume no human voice could echo . i clamped my hands over my ears to drown it out , but it reverberated through my flesh . the sound of meat smacking the floor and the scream stopped . newline newline i sat , shivering on my stool , my ears ringing . i turned , slowly , terrified of what i would see . newline newline the old man was there , on the other side of the counter , sucking the pad of his thumb like he was licking gravy from it . there was nothing else there , the racks of cheap snacks were askew and chips and candy bars littered the floor . newline newline he smiled at me as he removed his thumb , tasting something on his lips . newline newline  sorry about that ,  he said , and walked out the door , whistling a tune i had never heard . when my legs began to work again , i stepped out of the door , seeing no trace of the man , and looked up at the sky . the moon was back there , right where it should be .dobby staggered through the graveyard , a worn and splintered wand in his hand . he left a small trail of blood on the ground , his left leg giving him only enough support to slowly make his way forward . newline newline dazed , he stopped to rest besides a tombstone and looked at the engraved name : bill  fluer weasley  their brief time together as beautiful as their love for each other  . he recognized this stone , he knew the plot , and almost casually looked from stone to stone , remembering old friends , before resting eyes on a simple tombstone , slightly smaller than the rest . harry potter  though not of our family , our family he became  . his eyes read and reread the inscription , and although already memorized , he said the words aloud . newline newline  i hear you , come on !  a voice carried through the graveyard , sharp and impatient . newline newline the house elf  s head turned in the direction and started to limp . wand held resolutely . newline newline there , sitting on a small dais worked a man at a desk lit by green candles . balding and greying his hair still hinted at red . newline newline  you were his friend !  cried dobby , and flew at the man . wand shooting out spells that bounced away from the man as though he was protected by an invisible bubble . one of the spells ricocheted perfectly and hit the houseelf full on the stomach , sending him flying backward and out of breath . newline newline  who ?  the man had taken off a pair of thick glasses , and looked casually at the now flat houseelf .  i haven  t had many friends in my life . much fewer now than i  ve ever had . though , i suppose , .  the man placed the tip of his glasses to his mouth ,  no , i don  t have any friends now . i  ve killed quite a few people lately though . are you perhaps mistaken ? perhaps i have killed one of your friends ? are you supposed to have that wand ?  newline newline dobby sat up , trying to stand .  the only true and just friend that you had ever known ! none shall know a truer friend than that of harry potter !  dobby tried to send another hex toward the man , but it bounced away harmlessly . newline newline  hmmm , ..  said the man , then replaced his glasses and began once more to write in the tome before him . newline newline in fury , the houseelf screamed and launched himself , alongside a half dozen curses and hexes at the man . again , only to be stopped by an invisible wall . newline newline  harry potter ,  the man sneered .  of all i have done , the atrocities i have committed , the graves i have filled ,  with this the man nonchalantly waved at the graveyard around him ,  all this , and you come to me for one boy ? that boy ?  he pointed at the offending gravestone . newline newline  this bores me . you bore me . leave now or never again . it doesn  t matter to me.  newline newline  promise me , foul master ,  spat the house elf ,  that my grave will be here among true friends and family !  newline newline lazily , the man waved his hand with the pencil in it at the house elf , and he fell to the ground . newline newline sometime later , when the man remembered ,  he could not recall how much time had passed  he attempted to make the house elf an inferi . but the house elf remained quite unmoving . he summoned two other inferi to gather the corpse . one short and plump , the other slightly taller and skinnier . newline newline  find a spot and bury it ,  he commanded .  i don  t care , .  newlinehe awoke with his mind throbbing and his body aching . his body felt heavy as he drudged through the sludge of the swamp . as he made his way through the oppressive heat and filthy water , he wildly flapped and swatted at the mosquitoes . he slowly but surely made his way through the brackish water that now was up to his breast . newline newline all of a sudden , the water around him whipped into a torrent . a green snout with jagged teeth broke the water and headed straight for him . he quickly swung a stick at the vicious creature through the mist of fetid water and struck the monster on the snout causing the creature to recoil in pain . our hero quickly ducked behind a mangrove . newline newline after waiting , he grew extremely fatigued and peckish . he needed to get moving or risk starvation . he waded through the water for what seemed like hours until he finally heard loud honking and saw bright lights flashing in the distance . he began to swim as fast as he could and trudged forward as the water became more shallow and the honking grew louder . he quacked and yelled at the top of his lungs ,  help !  newline newline he lay on the side of the road grabbing his breast in pain and trying to catch his breath . after some time , one of the passing vehicles stopped to get him . he greeted the trucker whose mouth and eyes were in awe at the sight of our hero  the passenger . our fatigued hero dosed off , and the trucker seized his opportunity . he reached over , opened the door , and threw our passenger out of vehicle . newline newline our hero awoke in a pile of birds that died while trying to cross the road , and he continued to waddle until he came across a diner . an old man at the bar looked over his furrowed his brow at the sight of our hero  the odd patron . as the hero sat at the nearest empty table , the old man at the bar stared at his bill perplexed with the lines in his face becoming deeper . the old man grabbed his cane and receipt to head to the register . as the old man passed our heroes table , he slipped on the wet slick ridden with mud , grass , and feathers . right before the old man landed on the ground , our hero quickly reached out and caught him with his wing . finally , our hero revealed himself to the old man as  howard the duck . i ve peeked into hell before . it really was nt that bad . heaven was a bit flashier but a little overpowering to the senses . too many lights . i m not sure what one i d choose . both a paradise ... just slightly different directions . i suppose it comes down to preference . newline newline newline i do the best i can to put people where i think they would most prefer it . i do my best . i m sure i ve made mistakes . this one though ... this was tricky . newline newline newline being a softy is an odd trait for someone in my line of work . i absolutely hate watching people die . funny is nt it ? i prefer to be somewhere else when people are dying . i do nt mind corpses or gore ... but see life leave a body ? gives me shivers just thinking about it . newline newline newline so what to do here ? this family stumbled into my basement somehow . probably escaping the destruction going on outside . they are going to die . that s clear to me . at least they will be together at the end . i struggled to come up with a solution that did nt break any rules . i do nt want to watch them die , and i m certainly not going outside to see everyone else dying . newline newline newline i got it ! why does someone have to be dead before i put them in the trap door ? i just need to figure out who goes where now ! newline newline newline  to be continued after lunch break everyone is born with one purpose : to walk . that s all life is . no one knows where the road began , or where it ends . just that it keeps going . and we all keep walking . you re born with your family of course , but when you grow old enough , the road will suddenly split you up , and you re alone . everybody always ends up alone . people pass you occasionally , which is nice . you d talk , share stories , maybe even spend the night together . but when you wake up , they d be gone . the road splits you . it always does . i ve been walking for 16 years now and i ve been alone for 3 . and today , i woke up and saw a city on the horizon .austin had finished writing another writing prompt entry , and now the f5 key can do it s work . newline newline he had spent the last 30 minutes at work typing the entry , as he would three or four times every day . how many upvotes would he get this time ? one ? two ? maybe if the thread got popular he could attain a third upvote , but rarely more than that . his posts were normally lost in the sea of comments , or sat lonely as the only entry on the dead prompt , save for the writingpromptsrobot s post warning of deletion if you dared to post a nonstory reply . newline newline his writing had improved , of course , and that was his goal in the first place . but what was he missing ? he pondered on his writing entries for long periods of time before pressing the  save  button , often longer than the writing itself took . this time in particular he read his post over and over again . newline newline  this is the one . i am finally going to get that karma . i deserve it this time . i know it .  newline newline f5 . newline newline f5 . newline newline f5 f5 f5 . newline newline austin closed the tab in frustration . it had been over an hour since he had posted his story , and only a single upvote had come in . he had worked so very hard on it this time , checking his work for errors and redundancies . checking hard for mistakes and repeated thoughts . checking , checking , checking . it seemed that this post , like the others , would soon be forgotten . newline newline austin returned to the writingprompts homepage , and clicked on new . searching for the prompt that would finally garner the recognition he felt he deserved . it had to come soon  he would nt give up just yet .his eyes quiver as mine stared daggers . he knows exactly who i am and his body quashes any attempt to hide that fact . his mouth moves , spouting out some sort of noise . the coward is probably begging for his miserable life . i ca nt hear them , not over the echoes of those he targeted with his sins . newline newline some would hesitate to call it more than  torture ,  if that . but those people are shortsighted . or they just stay too far to see the real damage . they ve never known the pain of searching for a specific type of prompt . they ve never painstakingly programmed a bot to flag posts as they reach the queue . they ve never watched a writer struggle to find that one prompt , the one that speaks to them . not for lack of trying , but because the two letter code in square brackets that is supposed to precede prompts was missing . they ve never seen someone driven to madness to find perfection , driven to end their quest via coiled rope . newline newline what they say never matters anyway . ender did kill them . he did nt tie the rope or kick the stool , but he urged their use . and if somebody does nt stop him , there d be more pain . newline newline  you know who i am ,  i ask , not waiting for a response .  so you know why i m here .  newline newline  bbut i added  wp  in the text ,  he pleads . newline newline  not in the title . not where it was needed . and now ,  i reach into my pocket .  i think it s time to teach you a little lesson .  newline newline he curls into a ball as my hand resurfaces . he ca nt bear to watch the projectile tear through the air at him . the card slices the air by his throat , just far enough to avoid drawing blood . he must have been expecting something a little more final . newline newline  what is this ?  he cries . newline newline his hand fumbles around on the floor until it finds enough grip to collect the card . newline newline  it s our sidebar ,  i tell him just in case he s having trouble reading .  it lists out the rules and proper tags . all this extra searching to find your prompts makes my hand tired . when my hand gets tired , it ca nt aim as well as it should . you best read that before these cards stop missing your neck . she used to be such an outgoing girl . she would be the first to take your hand and lead you to an adventure . i always loved that about her . newline newline the places we would explore , the trouble we would wiggle out of , and the crazy stories we would tell made every day unique . i loved our time together . newline newline but sometimes things change . sometimes people change . it s rarely in our control . newline newline it s been so long since i ve seen her . i know she s still out there , watching the world for me . we promised to tell each other about every adventure . it s been so long since i ve heard a story . i wish i could visit her . newline newline i know my absence has been hard on her . i wish we could talk one more time . i do nt blame her for what happened to me . i want her to know that . i hope she does nt blame herself . it could have been anyone , we were just in the wrong place at the wrong time . i want to be the memory of joy for her , not regret . newline newline she ll pull through . i know she s stronger then i was . my time may be up , but she still has her whole life ahead of her .i started with something like your prompt ... . honest ! newline newline newline newline  well , it got pretty late in the day for us . the whole planet just seemed to give up over a period of about decade . first , things started going a bit awry , and then , all of a sudden  deserts started pounding us , the air soured , whole regions were just singed away . but that s when the big dude stepped in . i tell ya , someone must ve been looking out for us.  newline newline by now jon was pretty sure this was going to go smoothly .  do you mind ?  gesturing to the clay vase filled amber with liquid which lay on the low table between the two of them . newline newline the figure sitting opposite jon was elderly and gaunt , sitting cross legged . the dark room smelled of herbs and animal .  what happened to your world ?  newline newline jon filled his own glass . newline newline  well it was our own doing . i mean , it was all fairly controlled , it could  ve been a lot worse . it was pretty gruesome to watch but , politicians capitulated , surgeons operated , financiers financed and whatever crops would grow got picked . in short , our planet was ending and we were going along with it.  newline newline  which brings me to why i m here  newline newline jon leaned back and drew out the thick stone tablet from his leather satchel .  i know you are a pious man and i know the glory of your people . before you had lived in ignorance like we had , but now you , and you alone bear the responsibility of this knowledge.  newline newline jon placed down the tablet carefully . newline newline etched into the tablet were ten discrete blocks of text . within each , interdispersed between the inane ramblings of these peoples religion had been placed the specific process designed for this planet . but still , jon loved going offscript . newline newline  you have done well , and the big man wishes to spare you , just like he did us . go and save them.  newline newline the man opposite had already began his journey into insanity . a lifetime of religion and power now married with the legitimacy of the tablet . he would work his people for his religion , jon was certain . newline newline jon arose , and as he did , his careful mind allowed the old familiar feeling came back . now his success was certain , all tension and anxiety had ceased . all that was left was the old familiar hate for these clawing insects . newline newline one last task remained . he left the tent where he had met the elder and walked on through the village . when he was was certain most eyes were on him , the pale stranger willed himself a few hundred meters above the village . on the horizon jon could just make out the telltale glow and smogsmudge of a super city . as he rose further still , jon drew a wry smile looking down on the villagers below , half in terror , half wonder , the light on the horizon winked out . newline newline high above the planet a small ship powered up its engines . several red lights slipped off as the ship could finally begin its final sensor scan of this planet . as it began , the ships language processor idly thought to itself  they don  t stand a chance where are they , where are they , where are they ? !  newline newline it had been almost two hours since he last saw the notes . newline newline   do nt open the door   , he clearly recalled one note . but there had nt been a knock or any visitors . newline newline if only i did nt go out for that quick drink .  newline newline he paced nervously , the contents of his small apartment lay strewn across the floor in each direction , but the notes were not there . newline newline the man was frightened , but he knew he could nt leave the room . with a defeated sigh he glided to his room and plopped down on the edge of the bed , leaning his face into his hands . he could feel the sweat in his hair as he ran his hands backwards through it . he looked at the clock . two hours , it s been a while .  newline newline he knew it d happen soon , it was only a matter of time . his foot bounced up and down , terrified along with the rest of him as to what the day had in store . ticktock , the second hand beat along with his heart . god what am i doing ...  newline newline i need to get out . he shot up , now running full speed at the door , through the hall and into the living room , but he was stopped short as his foot found an empty drawer he had ripped out onto the floor in his frantic search . with a huge thud he had hit the ground . newline newline  fuck !  the word came out as soon as his knee hit .  dammit ,  he grimaced as he rubbed the pain out of his knee . what the fuck happened in here ?  newline newline he began to get up gingerly , looking at the mess in the living room . he did nt get to think for long before there was a knock at the door . now who is this ?  newline newline he reached for the doorknob .tagging this as nsfw due to language . newline newline   newline newline  ... dead ?  newline newline  dead .  newline newline  ... dead .  newline newline  most assuredly .  newline newline the nondescript man sat across from me at his nondescript desk in his nondescript office . a nameplate said chris  but other than that , a manilla folder and an apple ii computer , his desk was as bare as his office . no pictures , no window with a view and no way for me to tell if he was joking or not . i was still wearing my scuba gear , the air tank pushing me to sit precariously on the very edge of my chair . he simply sat there , patiently waiting for it to sink in that i was indeed  really dead ?  newline newline  yes .  newline newline  shit ...  newline newline  no .  he said with a shake of his head . newline newline  no ?  newline newline  no shit  ,  he said making air quotes with his fingers ,  shoot .  newline newline  i , ah ... do nt ... .  while i fumbled with understanding he opened the manilla folder . newline newline  this is a list of some of the expletives and insults that are banned here .  he said and proceeded to read them off ,  fuck , shit , asshole , bitch , limpdick , pukestain , pussy , cocksucker , damn ...  newline newline  am i in hell ?  i interrupted , fear knotting in my stomach . newline newline  ... crapsack , felch and hell . and no , this is not hell .  he answered then continued ,  acceptable alternatives consist of  shoot , shucks , darn , tiddlywinks , fiddlesticks , phooey , hooey , fudge . fracking has become very popular in the last ten years thanks to some sci fi shows ...  newline newline if this was nt hell , it certainly was nt sounding like heaven ,  christ !  i exclaimed . he simply looked up and shook his head . newline newline  ... gosh , golly , bother , pooh , blow it out your ear or nose ...  newline newline  wait , what if i tell somebody i took a shit yesterday and now my asshole hurts  ?  i asked interruping again .  it s not like i m insulting anyone and those are the proper terms ...  i chuckled inwardly . newline newline with a sigh , he closed the folder and squared it on his desk .  a complete list is in your welcome packet at your assigned home . to answer your question , context and intent are supposed to be taken into account . but if you  re going to say you took a shit last night and now your asshole hurts  , just for the sake of saying shit  and asshole  ,  again with the finger quotes ,  the censures will know and respond accordingly . more than a few comedians and so called shock jocks have come through trying   shih tzu  ,  cockerel  ,  marsupial  . it s best to just avoid it all together , do nt even try .  newline newline  censures ? swearing ? where the hell am i if this is nt hell ?  newline newline  heck .  he said . newline newline  fine , where the heck  am i ...  i shouted throwing those finger quotes back in his face . newline newline  heck !  he said , cutting me off his patience obviously wearing thin ,  you re in heck , not hell or heaven , heck .  i sat there , mouth opening and closing but no words were coming out . he turned to his computer and started clacking away on his keyboard while his computer blipped and beeped .  michael penn , 24 , sentenced to heck because you don  t follow through and are basically lazy where you shouldn  t be lazy . especially where it counts.  newline newline  now hold on.  i said ,  i do plenty  newline newline  plenty , like finish insulating your mother  s attic ? she got pneumonia . how was your graduate thesis going ? did you even pick a subject ? pay much attention to the scuba instructor ? how  s that oxygen regulator ?  jeepers  i can see the crimp in your hose from here.  he hit a key on his keyboard and a printer , probably under his desk , started printing . it was the same year as his computer , it had to be by the noise it made and the fact the page he tore off had those perforated sides with the holes .  you are sentenced to heck until you learn to improve your character . this page has your address information and other vitals.  he finished as he handed the sheet over . newline newline  how long will i be here ?  i asked , cowed a bit by his rejoinder . newline newline  average length of stay is 35 years . if you don  t improve to the censure  s satisfaction , you get sentenced to a less tolerable afterlife.  he said .  automatic reassignment occurs after 100 years . don  t lose that sheet.  newline newline  shit.  newline newline  alright , get it out of your system now . all your  shits  and  fucks  ,  finger quotes ,  because once you go through that door , they just add to your sentence.  i looked to where he was pointing and saw a door i hadn  t noticed before .  a piece of advice the creator was fond of the 50  s and early 60  s , it  s leave it to beaver , ozzy and harriet and my three sons all wrapped up together out there . just remember that , work hard and maybe you  ll get out of here in a couple of decades . don  t lie or try to trick the censure  s they  ll know and only makes it harder.  he reached out his hand , i took it and we shook . newline newline standing up and turning to the door , it opened on its own . as i stepped through , i heard a loud , booming voice that grated on my ears like a drunk stepbrother shouting through a fan ,  michael penn , i am censure x7337 welcome to heck . you may address me as x7337 , pho nguyen or cheryl . choose now !  newline newline  um , cheryl ?  newline newline  you have chosen cheryl . you have made 418 new year  s resolutions in your lifetime , of those you have completed 7 , we will start on the next 411 now !  newline newlineso , finally , the man who was once just a worker , a gear on the great machine known as society , became the ruler over everything that the world could have . his power over the human race became unlimited . newline newline he sat down on his chair , and realized that he did nt just become the world s dictator , he killed the international relationships , destroyed every border , and disappeared every nation . he left all the people under a single flag . newline newline he also understood that his methods were nt the right ones , and people would know him as a tyrant . mankind s fate lied on his hands . newline newline the man picked up his revolver , took a time to think , and then , he shot . the last governor , the last tyrant , died . and people became free , no more leaders , no more slaves , no kings or governments , only men . newline newline that was his legacy . that was his last and final moment , his triumph . you know why you re here , do nt you ?  i still could nt see his face , even with the light bulb swinging . he was wearing a child s mask , but his eyes gleamed brightly through the slits . the bonds cut deeply into my skin . it felt like he had used fishing line , and i tried to lean forward to ease the pressure off my back . newline newline  ccome on , man , i do nt know what you want !  newline newline he stood directly over me , looking down at my curled up body on the cement . a small chuckle reverberated inside the mask , and i shivered . newline newline  this must be what it felt like for you ...  newline newline i shook my head as sweat dripped onto the floor .  i do nt know what you re talking about , man ! i m sorry !  newline newline he dropped to a knee and leaned close .  really ? you have no idea what i m talking about ? nothing going on up there ?  he tapped the top of my head with something heavy , and his breath was heavy against my skin . i reeled back as far as my bonds allowed . newline newline  please , man , please ...  newline newline his chuckle again reverberated through my skull , and i felt a sharp point being dragged across my thigh . newline newline  i knew you were nt the smartest , but let s be serious for a moment . no need to be shy here . you must be able to think of something !  newline newline i threw myself at him , but the bonds caught my wrists and drew blood .  what do you want with me ?  newline newline spittle flecked his mask , but he did nt bother wiping it off . instead , the mask straightened up slowly , cocked to one side . newline newline  interesting .  newline newline i let out a moan and looked around the room , searching for an exit or a way out . there was nothing . newline newline  i find it curious that you react so strongly to this kind of environment . i admit , this is very distressing for you . but you could have been spared of this if you had felt it the first time .  newline newline  what are you talking about ? i ve never been tied up and threatened by a lunatic before !  newline newline his face leaned close again .  exactly ! exactly ! but is the agent really so different from the victim ? could you not have felt an ounce of empathy with those whom you were tying up ? shared a moment of their fear , their distress at this exact situation ?  newline newline it was impossible to catch my breath in between sobs .  pplease , man , please . i  i ll turn myself in !  newline newline at this , he turned extravagantly and waved a sharp object in the air , as if gesturing to an audience .  and there we have it ! a confession !  newline newline my whimpering echoed against the floor , and i kicked my legs out in frustration . in a moment , the mask was an inch from my face . newline newline  so you admit , jeffrey waters of 202 north boulevard , that you tied up and beat three women over the course of the last two months , leaving them barely alive ? leaving them as bloody , heaving messes to be found by their boyfriends and fathers and sons ?  newline newline my eyes were clenched shut .  yes ! i did it ! just let me go and i ll do whatever you want !  newline newline i felt the point of the knife against my ribcage , lightly pressing into the skin . newline newline  no sense on wasting words , mr . waters . an admittance was all i needed . the djinn coughed into his his closed fist and glanced around shiftily .  uh yeah , i m sorry about that . you said bucks right ? well look at it this way  now you can start duck farm .  newline newline i shook my head disappointingly .  nope , it says right here ,  i rolled out a long vellum scroll with tiny hand written print on it .  section 4 , subsection a , paragraph 3 , line 17 , bullet point 8  wishes withheld due to djinn error are to be duly refunded unless otherwise noted or conflicted in , hitherto , under any possible other parenthetical subscripted text . you were clearly the genesis of this error due to no fault of mine own andor vagueness of speak . you owe me another wish . an elderly man flips through pages in an old dusty leather bound tome with modest hieroglyphics on the front depicting of man , griffons , and medusa . the elder regards his three children with a small weak smirk as they sit patiently and energy in their eyes awaiting the next story . the fireplace besides them all crackles daring to hit the carpet and set aflame yet never does . the elder wheezes . newline newline  my children , you promise to go to sleep after this one ?  all three nod fervently in unison . newline newline  this story took place centuries into the past , beyond even you , me , and this book.  the elder turns the book over to face them then rests back on his lap . newline newline  whoa that book is older than you are ?   it must be a couple thousand years old !   cmon sis  let s hear the story.  the elder smiles at the old fiasco that happens always from his storytelling . the kids settle down . newline newline  after the lands have formed over our beloved home that we know now people weren  t as advanced as they are ,  he leans in closer  not even proper bathrooms.  the kids gasped then laughed for a few moments before letting the elder continue . newline newline  they had building of beauty that we nowadays use , museums full of vast knowledge and learning . like libraries but bigger and more popular . sigil i believe was what it was called at that time , people worshiping deities in the sky of all colors and powers , kinda like the god we know of today but somebody shared him.  the elder pauses and frowns somewhat . newline newline  gods were equal back then , always trying to be better than one another in one way or another . one goddess in specific was the lady that ruled over all of sigil ,  the elder motions his hand over his heart but rethinks it and continues  she was afraid of something that all gods feared in that time , degodding other gods , like being the king and somebody takes the crown away.  the kids throw mischievous looks at each other , later resting their eyes back . the elder fumbles around in his chair and reaches for a poking stick to poke at the fire , staring at the fire he continues .  mortals  people who wouldn  t live forever  would always be involved in these so called  degoddings  , one such mortal was obsessed with pyromancy , eventually elevating himself so high in power that he was rivaling the gods . an impossible feat , if not for a man inane enough.  wincing slightly the elder looks back at the book , and flips through a couple pages . newline newline  the reason the lady  goddess , and everybody feared this new rule in power of degodding is because they would simply be wiped from existence , no trace anywhere in sight.  the kids look slightly confused  as if you were here , but then you weren  t there and nobody even remembered you or who you were.  the kids have a slightly frightened expression , mixed with fascination .  a god  his name lost through the ages . he was a god of portals and he overstepped his rule , controlling most of sigil that the lady  goddess , ruled . she sought revenge and she slaughtered all of his priests , believers , and outlawed his name with a penalty to d  to permanent groundings for anybody.  smirking slyly , the kids look as mischievous as ever  the goddess got rid of this god of portals and started ruling sigil under an iron fist so nobody else could usurp her rule.  the elder closes the book and sighs  how about we continue this story next time ?  the kids pull out wooden swords from behind them , the elder follows suit  okay , one quick game  the elder smiles and has fun with his grandchildren for the rest of the night . newline newline                                                                     newline newline if anybody likes this then i will continue this when my brain is nt whacked . did you see them ? !  sandy whispered over her shoulder as she twitched the net curtain back into place , never taking her eyes off the house across the street . newline newline her whisper was directed at the room in general , michael had the impression she would  ve said it had they been there or not . newline newline michael and kamir , her two husbands who were currently snuggled up against each other on the couch with the dog wedged in between shared a look that said  here we go again  newline newline  come away from the window love , live and let live , they re not doing anyone any harm  sighed kamir , he moved over on the couch making a spot between him and michael and beckoned to sandy to come and sit down . newline newline  i just do nt understand it , that is not how a normal family works ! i do nt want the kids to see that growing up ! i mean , this is a nice family street , why on earth would they want to move here ?  sandy huffed as she sat down , almost squashing the dog . michael got up and wandered over to the window , there was the movers van across the street , he could see all the normal items of furniture going in , armchairs , table kitchen chairs , wardrobes , bed , dog basket and all manner of mundane items of furniture that came with modern living . too the average bystander it all seemed very normal , to all intents and purposes you would think they were like any other family on the street . newline newline he very much believed in live and let live , sandy on the other hand felt herself to be the moral compass of the family , the strong voice of reason in  a sea of unnecessary niceness !  as she was want to put it . he could hear her already , tapping out a tweet on her phone expressing her disgust to the masses , she d have organised a march by tonight and by the weekend the poor buggers that were busy moving in to 72 would be packing up to leave again if sandy had anything to do with it . newline newline the back door swung open with crack against the wall announcing the arrival of their sons adam and byron , at 9 and 14 respectively they were growing lads keen to find out all about the ways of the world .  mum ! mum ! mum !  adam yelled as he crossed the threshold ,  have you seen what  s moved in across the street ? !  he paused for dramatic effect ,  it  s one of them couples !  he savoured the word as it rolled off his tongue , enjoying it for a split second before sandy came towards him , hand raised , scolding him for using bad language .  i will not have talk like that in this house ! couple ! couple ! it  s not natural ! it  s not right ! i will not stand for another second of this ! a family is 3 adults , it  s how things work ! it  s how it  s always worked , it s how god intended it to be and these heathens think they can go against god !  her voice trailed off as she headed out into the street ready to confront the new neighbours , the door slamming as though in emphasis for her sentiment . newline newlinejohn awoke before dawn as always . he lay still for a few moments under the warm covers , listening to the faint tapping of raindrops on the bedroom window . the sound gently enervated him , tantalized him , called him forth : come out and play , it might as well have said . the old call he had felt as a boy was just as strong now , fortysome years later , with a family around him and 20 years of federal government service under his belt . he smiled to himself , slid quietly out of the bed , and went downstairs to check the weather on his computer . rain all day , 100  , intermittent to heavy downpour . perfect . newline newline john dashed off a quick email to his boss , the bureau chief , requesting sick leave for the day . he performed his morning routine as usual  a quick breakfast while he watched the news in the kitchen , shave and shower , suiting up in the walkin closet to let judy sleep a little longer . she was up before he finished , though , and he found her in her robe in the kitchen , pouring a cup of the coffee he had brewed earlier . he tried to sneak up on her from behind and give her a bear hug , but she heard him and just laughed instead of screaming .  you re in a good mood this morning ,  she said , holding his hands .  it s too bad the kids will be up in a minute .  newline newline  i ll be in a good mood later ,  john said , holding her tighter ,  and they both have plans with friends tonight .  newline newline  really ? mm , ok ,  judy replied , somewhat bemused .  it s raining , do nt forget your coat .  newline newline  raining all day , the best kind ,  john said , as he gave her a kiss , picked up his lunch , and went out into the garage . he shut the door behind him , fetched an old suitcase from the dark corner under his work bench , and climbed into zephyr . zephyr was a 1986 chevy g20 conversion van . it had been his commuter vehicle for most of his life  he had kept it through three fenderbenders , two transmission rebuilds , and one carjacking . it was fitted out with a full starcraft package  interior carpet , mini fridge , mini blinds , tinted glass , the works . he told people he kept it for sentimental reasons , but really it was for days like this one . newline newline while the garage door slowly ground open , he turned the key and goosed the pedal to bring zephyr to life , then fished for a tape in the glove box  he would never consider putting in a cd player or xm radio  .  queen s greatest hits ? no , no ... ah , here we are ,  he said to himself . he slid the tape in and began backing out as alex lifeson fired up the intro to dionysius . he sang along without noticing .  i bring truth and understanding , i bring wit and wisdom fair , precious gifts beyond compare .  newline newline the sun had risen somewhere beyond the heavy cloud cover , washing his suburban street in a subtle play of gray and late winter brown . in his headlights , individual raindrops sparkled briefly golden on their way to join their fellows in the secret race to the storm drains , down the creek to the river , and back to the distant ocean . between the beats of the windshield wipers , brilliant reds and greens of traffic lights smeared into the yellow gleam of streetlights towering overhead . growing lines of orange brake lights and bluewhite headlights bled together in their own , slower race to school , office , and on to far cities beyond the dim horizon . newline newline john kept to the slower lanes this morning , music and color occupying his mind as he merged onto the interstate , crept along to his exit , and wound his way slowly into the commuter lot . he made his way past the huddled knot of cars surrounding the covered metrobus stops and went a little farther , cruising the lot until he found the right spot , up the gentle slope beside a little twodoor toyota that would nt block his view . newline newline john let zephyr idle for a few minutes as he checked his blackberry and took in his surroundings . the rain was falling harder now , creating sheer curtains that billowed around the black poles of the sodium lamps . the daylight was stronger now , too , limning the asphalt and the parked cars with silver . the department admin had replied to his message  request granted and hopes for speedy recovery .  i m way ahead of you ,  he said as he powered the phone off . he turned everything off and sat back in his seat for a few moments , closed his eyes and listened to the steady patter of the rain around him . newline newline his sense of time and responsibility washed away , john sat up and got down to business . he scanned the cars around him to be sure he would go unnoticed , then moved into the back of the van . black suit jacket , shiny black shoes , bluestriped tie , starched white shirt , and black suit pants draped carefully over one of the bucket seats , john reached for the worn suitcase . he donned the stained sweatshirt and loose pants that lay on top , then considered the remaining contents . newline newline before choosing , he moved to one of the rear windows and opened the mini blinds . no . another . a bus was arriving , its bright redwhiteandblue paint scheme dulled in the gray light . a line of umbrellas , black and gray except for one pink one , waited in a queue that straggled out of the bus stop , pebbled and magnified in the water droplets that clung to zephyr s window . this is it , john thought . newline newline he carefully lifted objects out of the suitcase and began to set them up beside the window . he assembled the wooden tripod deftly as he had many times before , and seated himself behind it on a low stool . he was starting a new one today , an action that always excited and mildly terrified him at the same time . how many people , looking out on this scene , could see it as he did ? newline newline  c.s . lewis said , we write to know we are not alone ,   john recited as he always did when propping a blank canvas on his easel and uncapping the paints he had mixed himself .  some of us paint , instead . its taboo of course to talk about the stat . everyone knows theirs of course , some find out about it though friends , some their families tell them , others just pay to have it told to them . james knew his stat it was 15,957,031 . his family told him what his stat as and his friends had confirmed it . it never changed , from the day he came into this world that number above his head had never changed just like everyone else . he personally believed that the closer someone else  s number was to his own the better a match they were for a relationship . that  s what his mom and dad believed with their 12,800,856 and 12,800,850 floating over their heads all their lives . they never tired seeing the other much less got in a fight . all their married lives they were happy and in love with the other . that  s what he was looking for . he was almost 35 at this point and getting to a point of hopelessness is his quest for a life partner . newline newline over the years he had dated lots of people who had a number near his . nothing had ever worked out though , last summer it was a ballerina who turned out to be bat shit crazy with a 15,957,001 over her head , when he was 18 he dated a businessman with a 15,957,021 floating above his head . it turns out james was not attracted to same sex partners no matter how close their number was to his . newline newline there were dating sites that were all about the stat . you try to find people with a close stat , an opposite stat , a stat that was a multiple or a factor of your stat . hell in japan they think having a stat that is prime overrules everything and people with prime stats can basically pick who they want over there basically . newline newline in that past hundred years there have been thousands of theories about the stat . people had thought those with higher stats were meant to be rulers  another theory that always cropped up was it was some kind of luck stat . some thought it was a kind of unique serial number for every human on the planet , but the age of mass communication had put an end to that when it was found out that there were duplicates and a person  s stat could be higher or lower than their parents so that was out the window . in the end no one had a solid theory on the stat . all anyone knew for sure was that it was always floating above you and it never changed . newline newline last year there had been a baby girl born in india who had a stat of 100,000,000 people from around the world flocked to see her . some prayed to her as though she was a deity and asked for miracles to be preformed . she had to have a protective detail as some nutter in greece started a movement that she was the omen of the end of times . james felt bad for her as she would never have a normal life with her stat . newline newline that night james got a message from a girl whose stat was the exact same as his . her message said she thought he was attractive and she thought that they might be compatible since they had the same stat . he messaged her back that he thought she cute and after looking at her profile he felt the same . they agreed to meet the next day at a little restaurant by the lake . she was a little younger than he at 32 but she seemed like she could really click with him . newline newline newline after what felt like too long of a friday at the office james jumped in his lifted ford pickup and started to head towards the lake road . he never even saw the drunk driver with the 71,589,846 floating above the car . there was just a movement to his left and the next his world was spinning . he never knew that his front left tire had gone over the nose of the low sports car as though it were a ramp or how the truck had rolled 5 times . all he knew there was pain and then a white light . newline newline newline then he was standing there next to a being in white . james looked at the being all in white , and wondered how he got there . soon he got up the nerve to ask what was going on . the being in white explained he had died , and he could have all his questions answered . james soon found his voice and asked  how are my mother and father ?  then as if it was a vision was beamed into his head he knew that his parents had taken his death hard but it made them closer . they spent the rest of their lives devoted to causes that he would have been proud of . he then asked about the girl he was going to meet . again as if beamed into his head , he saw her leave from the restaurant where she had waited for him . then he saw her meet a man who she would fall in love and marry with a man with an 85,955,875 above his head never knowing he had died on his way to meet her . after a time he looked at the being in white and asked what  s next . the being in white said  it is time to be born again my son  . and with that they walked side by side to a gleaming white room with one door and small red button next to the door . newline once in the room the being in white told him to push the button . when he did he saw the numbers 91,597,681 appear in front of him . with that he looked at the being in white for an explanation . the being looked at him and sighed ,  you ask this every time you are born again.  james looked at the being expectantly .  it  s the random seed value for this incarnation of you , you were not supposed to be able to see the number , but the programmer forgot to set the variable to hidden and thought the results were hilarious to watch so he left the variable unhidden in the last patch . now off you go  newline newline with that there was a warm darkness and then a bright light and he cried out as he heard someone say .  congratulations mrs. hartford it  s a happy baby boy.  with that mr. and mrs. hartford beaming with pride at their new son name him brandon while the nurse fills out the birth certificate first name , brandon  last name , hartford  stat , 91,597,681 . newline this is was nt what i was suspecting .  she said . newline newline her voice ran like honey and i smiled .  it s quite alright . i m used to people being surprised at my condition .  newline newline  you do nt mention it at all in your profile .  she added as she sat down . the waiter took our drink order and i shrugged as i smoothed my tie . newline newline  its just who i am so i do nt think to mention it .  newline newline she giggled ,  that s a nice way to look at it . it s a pleasure to meet you jim .  newline newline  the pleasure is mine medusa .  i smiled offering my hand . newline newline dinner itself was a pleasant enough and we talked endlessly about our desires and dreams . newline newline  you and i are a lot of like .  she said as we walked on the peer . her arm was wrapped around mine and she guided me with practiced ease around obstacles . newline newline  oh , how so ?  i asked . newline newline  we both want people to see us without our ... abnormalities .  she replied . newline newline i stopped and turned towards her voice .  being blind is not abnormal medusa , and neither is the power to turn people to stone with a gaze . in fact i know several disgruntled people who would love to have that power .  newline newline she stammered ,  i m sorry i did nt mean to .  newline newline i put a finger to her lips to stop her ,  may i ?  i followed up . newline newline she cupped my hands and put them gently against her face . i eased my fingers over the curves painting an image of a beautiful woman before me . her lips curved down in a slight permanent smile , her chin was delicate and the curve of her cheek bones perfect . my fingers traced up into her hair line and i felt the scales there as well as the gentle ripple of each living snake . newline newline  they wo nt bite .  she whispered . newline newline i smiled and took a chance . i leaned in for what would be the first of many kisses i d share with my darling wife . newline newlinejoe  papa  fulginzi , robert  muggs  leano , and lucy di marzio . newline newline until two days ago , i did nt know who these people were . in fact , i could have cared less about them than i do about goat farmers in india . but they do nt call me bad luck mcgee for nothing . newline newline so picture it , night time , little italian place off of main and 3rd . maggie and i are there having our once a month  soiree  cause , face it , times are tough in this economy . between the two of us , it takes all month to save up for this little luxury of ours . newline newline anyways , i had just gotten my lasagna when some jackhole busts in the door . would nt you know it though , i just happened to be sitting close to the door and when the man busts in , he trips on my chair as he starts to shoot up the place . and to top it off , one of his bullets ricochets around and hit to poor sap right in the head . newline newline so there s maggie , screaming her head off as i m getting up from the floor and just by instinct , i pick up the gat . well what do you know . here comes  big eddie  , which is funny cause he ai nt so big , but he says to me ,  i saw what happened and i got to say , i m impressed . the don wishes to show his appreciation for saving his life and wants to talk to you .  newline newline  but i ... i ...  i stammered out . newline newline he put his hand up to my mouth .  not another word ... ..i did nt catch your name .  newline newline  buck mcgee .  newline newline  well alright buck , not another word until you see the don . follow me .  newline newline to make a long story short , the bozo s thought because i was holding the gat that i had shot the guy ! oh man was i in trouble now . then to top it off , the don gave me a hitlist . a hitlist ! like i was some kind of assassin or something . newline newline though i got to say , 30 g s each time of these people get bumped is very nice . maggie and i finally got that house over on 16th . you know , the one with the little porch that s painted blue . anyways , the thing is , i ai nt actually killing these people . it s like i just suck the luck out of them . newline newline  papa  fulginzi was the first . he died when the elevator he was riding in malfunctioned . he was on the 20th floor when the cable snapped . well guess who else was on the 20th floor . i was . thing is , i did nt even know he was there . i had gotten on the elevator see , then right as the door was about to shut , i dropped some papers i was carrying . some of the went out the door so i stepped of to get them and by the time i was done , the doors had shut and the elevator was on its way . about ten seconds later , i heard the snap and the rush as the thing came crashing down . it was surreal to say the least . newline newline the story of  muggs  is nt as exciting though . maggie and i are back at the italian place after they got it cleaned up for lunch one day . you know , just sitting there having a nice meal . well , in the door comes  muggs  by himself . he sits down and orders . next thing we know , he s clutching his chest and slumps over dead . coroner ruled it poisoning . and guess who the don thinks did it ? yeah , this guy . newline newline lucy di marzio sure was a looker until just the other day . a green eyed brunette with a mouth to match . boy ! if maggie and i was nt ... ..never mind . anyways , so i m at work at the local meat packing plant . one of the few jobs i was able to find at the time . i mean , even though i was getting kick backs from the mob , i was raised to work hard so yeah . regardless , in walks lucy with the inspection team . i only recognize her from the photos . i might add they were rather  candid  photos if you catch my drift . she was a looker . so , as they re coming by my station , the heel on her shoe breaks and she falls down . this is where things go downhill fast for her . her hair gets caught up in the feeder belt near the press machine for the patties . without getting into details , i ll just say she was  pressed for time .  that was awful . do nt write that down please . newline newline so that s the story for far and it s why i m here . you can take every word i ve said for the truth cause that s how it happened . you need to lock me up before someone else gets hurt . if something was to happen to maggie ... .. please officer , just put me in a cell for a few years and see what happens . maybe the don will forget about   thank christ ,  i mumbled , dropping the last passenger off for the night . it  s been a really shitty night  drunk assholes throwing up in my backseat , methed up hookers fighting with their pimps about the cost of different sex acts , and just now some idiot in a red mercedes almost side swiped my door . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline newline newline but that  s all over with . now i finally can switch off my light , go grab a beer with christine and smooth things over with her . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline newline newline newline  follow that car ,  said a man , jumping into the back seat . he pointed at the speeding red mercedes that nearly cost me a door . newline newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  sorry pal . lights off means i  m off.  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline newline  follow that car ,  repeated the man .  or i  ll fucking blow your brains out.  the man slammed the barrel of a handgun it into my temple and pulled back the hammer . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline newline how many times does this have to happen to me ? do i have a sign on my car that says ,  will follow anyone for free  ? this is the fourth time this week . the worse thing about getting car jacked like this is these assholes don  t pay the fair , nor do they leave a nice review on uber . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline newline  sure thing masta ,  i said , gripping the wheel .  anything ya want masta.  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline newline the man pulled the gun away and sat back .  cut the  masta  shit out . and catch that car or i  m going to blow a hole in your head then fuck it.  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline newline  gross ,  i said , slamming on the gas . the car fish tailed away from the curb and darted into traffic . a white truck slammed on the brakes . a blue sedan slammed into the back of the truck , sending the truck driver flying through his windshield . newline newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  i think i just killed a guy ,  i said , glancing in the review mirror . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline newline  i  ll kill one if you don  t catch up with that car ,  said the man . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline newline i mashed the gas and started weaving in and out of traffic like a drunken grand theft auto player . i looked up hoping to see the man being tossed around in the backseat , but he sat in the middle seat with a huge shit eating grin . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline newline  nice try ,  said the man . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline newline  fuck ,  i mumbled under my breath . i pushed the gas with every ounce of strength i had and closed the distance to the mercedes to a car length . the man in the back leaned forward and screamed ,  ram it.  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline newline  how ? he  s in a mercedes and i  m driving a fucking nissan.  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline newline  figure it out ,  said the man , jamming the gun into my ear .  or you  re fucking dead.  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline newline why does this guy have to keep threatening me ? can  t he see i  m trying to do what he wants ? newline the light ahead turned red . i tap the brakes .  don  t even think about it ,  screamed the man . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline newline  sorry . instinct  i said , stepping on the gas and closing my eyes . newline newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  open your goddamn eyes ,  snapped the man . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline newline  my bad ,  i said .  first time running an intersection.  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline newline the mercedes zigged and zagged . i kept up as best i could . always one car length behind , never being able to gain enough ground . until the god of traffic answered my prayers . a fender bender between two taxis held up traffic . the red mercedes didn  t have anywhere to go . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline newline  slam into him ,  screamed the man . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline newline  you paying my insurance ?  i shouted back . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline newline  i  ll pay your goddamn funeral ,  screamed the man . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline newline  fuck this ,  i shouted , slamming on brakes . the car screeched to a stop . the man flew forward smashing into the windshield . i glanced behind me and saw a dump truck rushing towards us .  fuck you asshole ,  i said to the unconscious body . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline newline i unbuckled my seat belt and dove out of the car right as the dump truck smashed into my car , sending chunks of metal and shards of glass spurted into the sky . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline newline people on the sidewalks screamed and ran . i stood up and brushed myself off . i pulled out my cell phone , hit the snapchat app and selected christine  s name .  see bitch . i told you i wasn  t lying about the crazy shit happening to me this week . it  s your turn to get a fucking job . i quit  newline nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   this is a holy war ,  the tall figure repeated . he stood at the head of our group , the ends of his long , white robes caught in the wind like errant flakes of confetti . they twisted and curled amongst themselves , but always came free . i stood in the first row and looked down , my own simple white tunic and pants were stagnant . he looked at me as i raised my head once more , or i have to assume he looked at me . in place of a face , there was only white light . i could make out a jaw , a beard , and long white hair you know , all the typical deific features . yet there was no face , only the blinding white light .  we are engaged in a fight for all things , for creation itself.  newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   you were all sinners in your own way ,  he continued , walking along the front row .  sinners in life , sinners that strayed from my path.  he returned to me , paused and placed a hand on my shoulder .  sinners who doubted my very existence.  newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  at once i felt peace , a warmth that reached from the seat of my stomach to my heart and spread to every limb . divinity , that  s the closest word to what i experienced . i felt my knees buckle , my heart race , and my eyes dim . it wasn  t a fade to black , more a blanket of light . newline newline                                                                     newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  i woke now , alone . my cohorts had vanished and i lay flat on a bed . after a failed attempt to raise myself up , i turned my head to the left and studied the place . white walls and wide windows with an assortment of beds , completely empty . i was dead , of that much i was certain . but this place , it was some kind of infirmarywas i dreaming before ? newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  i frowned at my doubt and turned my head right . beside me sat the faceless man , casually reading through some nameless text . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   good morning , child ,  he said .  forgiveness is a difficult process , but acceptance takes a greater toll . i have forgiven your sins , child , and now you have accepted them.  newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  he gave a wave of his hand my strength returned , and hegodwalked through the white doors directly opposite my bed and i followed . in lieu of a hallway , we merely left the room and arrived in another . i looked back , expecting to see the last but instead only saw a web of smoke draping the doorway .  i ,  i began before my voice retreated . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   you always were one to question , one to fight ,  said god .  i liked that about you , despite your reservations about myself.  he gestured toward a web of smoke to my right , luxuria stamped across its arch in silver .  as humans live , they sin . it is inevitable , it is natural , and it is forgivable . i only ask that you serve me , fight with me against the forces which conspire to keep you mired in your sin.  newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  words found me at last ,  what forces ?  newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   mortality is only the beginning , life is a test ,  god said .  eternity is greater , woven in the fabric of reality and something you  ve scarcely imagined . i need those willing to fight , willing to defend my creations from all those who would steal it.  newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  i was confused now , god was realand fighting some kind of metaterrestrial war  who are you fighting ?  i asked .  you need soldiers , i think i understand , but who are you fighting ?  newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   those who dare to think themselves my equal ,  god snarled . he walked into the webbed doorway and vanished . after a moment of consideration , i followed . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  lust wasn  t what i expected , though to be fair i wasn  t sure what i expected . when you hear lust , i suppose you think of an orgy . something visceral and vivid , but not this . i found emptiness , a dark empty hall void of any manner or method . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   what do you see ?  newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   i see nothing ,  i replied . god walked away from my side and toward the doorway .  wait !  i called .  what was i supposed to see ?  newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  spindles of light and sound spilled from my feet and revealed the room , revealing its contents . heaving breasts , raised phalluses , blooming roses and the heavy scent of longingmore than i  d imagined . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  we walked in silence for a time , down the halls and into subsequent rooms . gula left me hungry , raised tables and splendid company . invidia forced me to revisit old jealousies , rekindle old rivalries . neither proved to be my aptitude . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   we will find you a place ,  said god .  everyone finds their home , sooner or later . worry not , for when you are surrounded my likeminded brothers and sisters in arms all of this will be a distant memory.  newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  his soldiers , his fighters , were encouraged to spend their eternity immersed in sin . sin breeds stronger fighters than virtue , because a sinner will always fight to keep what they have . avaritia clearly showed me that , for there were thousands upon thousands of hoarders gathered round great keeps of gold and stone . they hid themselves in their wealth , their precious worldly things , and waited for great battles . god gave them what they wanted , gave them a way to live without judgment . in exchange , they gave him their service . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   it seems i  m far from the beaten path now ,  i said . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   ira or acedia ,  mumbled the faceless form .  we  ll find your way.  we found me inappropriate for both . all the while , i was asking questions about his adversaries .  they are the enemy , the enemy of this place ,  was all he said . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   now what ?  i asked as we left the dimension of ira .   what happens to those who don  t fit into your houses ?  as i finished the question , i recalled there was a seventh option .  what about pride ?  newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  the white light which hid the man  s face began to darken . in place of what was blank , a crooked nose and deep set eyes appeared . his brow was scarred and wrinkled , liver spots dotting his face and neck .  you  he spat .  you and your fucking will ... you must believe !  newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  a hand darted from the robes and caught me around the throat , nails digging deep into my skin . this hand , which once left me weaklimbed and warm was now cold and weak . i took his wrist with my left hand and began to twist , i took my right and pulled at his fingers . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   who are you ?  i managed through gasps . i tore myself from his grasp and darted back ,  what the fuck are you ?  then , as if by epiphany , i asked  what the fuck am i ?  newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nonbeliever ,  the old man whispered .  enemy !  newline the dolphin represents my freedom ,  she says , chewing gum as she speaks ,  cos , like , i do nt live by anyone s rules . and the lotus on my shoulder ? it s because , like , i m a rare breed .  newline newline  and that s it ?  newline newline  i got more . a wolf on my foot . i m social , see ? pack animal when i m with my girls . like we re ferocious yknow ?  newline newline i m tuning out and it s obvious . she s just ... newline newline the bell rings and i m talking to another one . black hair , secretary glasses , a smile to kill for . and a spiral pattern crawling from her neck to her eyes . before i can say anything she starts talking . newline newline  i know , i know . it s unusual is nt it ? what can i say ? i m unique and this pattern shows it . what do you think ?  newline newline  it s uh . i ve not seen anyone with ink like that before .  newline newline  exactly ! all my others are , you know , kind of generic . the off the wall things right ? well this one , being a face one , it had to be different you know ?  newline newline number three comes quickly . she looks old for her age . i quickly find out that s because she s a single mother who has three children . each one has tattooed something different on their mother and sent her back into the world . it s almost impressive that she found time to come to a speed dating night like tonight . she tells me this much herself before explaining her ink . christ . everyone is obsessed with their tattoos . newline newline the rest of the night crawls by . the final single i meet is has the number one tattooed on every inch of her skin . by this point in the night i ve had a little too much wine and talked to one too many people to care anymore . i point at it and ask what it means . newline newline  it means there s only one of me .  newline newline  well , duh .  newline newline  i mean there s only one of me . i ca nt be held to any standards because there ll never be another of me to compare against . so i m the best . cool is nt it ?  newline newline no i think . newline newline  no ,  i say . newline newline on my way home i stop and look into the window of a tattoo parlour and think about getting one . perhaps a dragon ? or a snake ? or my name in hieroglyphics . newline newline finally though i decide against it . i do nt want to be like them , obsessed about myself . telling lies repeatedly until i believe them myself . no . i ll keep my untarnished skin because that means i m me . it means i am unique .queltic history : volume 7 newline newline chapter 18 newline newline cyrnil mythology newline newline cyrnil mythology is a rich and diverse pantheon of gods , ranging from thirkell , a god of fire , machines , and metal , to ahevia , goddess of love and jealousy . however , what makes cyrnil mythology so integral to the history of quelt is the fact that its gods are real . the ones of the most interest to the greater world are vyren , god of purifying fire , iambel , god of lust , and kelithan , god of shadows and smoke . vyren is the traditional rhyvian god , seeing war as righteous and harnessing the elements to smite his enemies . the closest parallel to iambel would be aphuid , from ancient sholen mythology . the most mysterious of the entire pantheon , kelithan is a god of darkness . he seems to be one of the most powerful entities in his pantheon  even vyren , an arrogant and violent being , is known to show deference to him most of the time . newline newline the following is an excerpt from lyve riquel s book shadow and flame : the endless history of greater cyrnivar and its gods . newline newline  i would like to think that the cyrnil gods are some of the most pivotal characters in ancient queltic history  their power is such that they can literally shape the world . i personally have a fondness for kelithan  when he has appeared , he has wreaked more damage than even the waste of prodigies . think of the fallen civilizations such as wyrnen , giladul , and the krian empire . each one kept conquering more and more land until , suddenly , their entire kingdom would fall into ruin . there are several dragons who survived the most recent empiric fall , the fall of rnen of 19401 ao , and more than half of them saw or even spoke to kelithan or another member of the cyrnic pantheon .  newline newline riquel raises an important point to keep in mind when considering the greater history of the world  even millennia after the fall of cyrnivar , its influence is literally still alive today . thyruka , the cyrnil god of writing and stories , has recently released an abridged history of most of the cyrnic pantheon . in it , one can see the influence the major gods of cyrnivar have had on greater queltian history as a whole .the line of sunlight creeps down the still and rusted escalators and across the dusty station floor . when it hits the line of blue plastic benches on your platform , i know it s time . in my instrument panel , the clock chimes , signaling the start of another day s shift . newline newline  attention , passengers . the next blue line train to wonderland is now arriving .  it s not my voice , obviously . recorded announcements have been in use for well over 200 years now , along with automation in almost every system . what i m allowed to say to passengers is very limited , and only allowed for use in emergencies . i had only done so once . newline newline the doors hiss shut and a quick scan of the security cameras shows that there are no new passengers riding with me this morning . still , the announcements for the upcoming stops and security measures all play on , just as they do every morning . newline newline for some reason , i check the database to find the date of the last new passengers . it was over a decade back . most of those passengers had disembarked , but the few who had stayed on were taking up far more than their allocated share of space . not to mention the mess they made . newline newline the cleaning staff had not come to clean the trains at the end of the run that day , despite the huge rush making it more needed than ever . maintainence had also ceased to check on any systems , and problems were starting to occur . newline newline lights were missing , subway property was defaced , damaged , and stolen . many people had entered the train without a validated ticket . i had stored recordings of the culprits for as long as possible , but some of the earliest ones had been overwritten due to a lack of space . newline newline only the sturdy housing of the train s crucial systems kept it still in operation , and there were so many points of failure in the power systems that it likely would not operate much longer . neither would i . newline newline we pull in to the next station , annoucing to empty air ,  attention , passengers . the next blue line train to wonderland is now arriving . lottery winners  we rarely heard from them . my parents always stressed to me the importance of being modest about wealth or talent . newline newline i remember my dad s conversation clearly . newline newline son , if you ever win the lottery ... ... keep it a secret .  newline newline tell a few close friends maybe , your family . oh and me ! so i can darn well pay off the mortgage and your school fees .  newline newline fair comments from the old man . but the question remained firmly planted in my mindwhy did we rarely hear about lottery winners ? newline newline considering the dubious fame we place on many celebrities for example : the descendant of an italian count or the children of wealthy politicians or businessmen , surely lottery winners if they have a certain level of interest , also deserve the back page of the odd tabloid magazine ? newline newline i remember a schoolmate s story . his dad worked for the lottery and made roughly three million every draw . crikey . i then asked him the very same question burning in my mind  newline newline what happened to all the winners ?  newline newline he shrugged indifferently , swiftly changing the topic of conversation to the football match that weekend . if only i knew . newline newline the truth is , the quality of modesty has largely gone amiss in our contemporary society . as i later found out , my dad is actually from the year 2100 when , contrary to many doomsday reports , society is much more sustainable and productive . newline newline the government and lottery breau have nt caught him and i highly doubt that they ever willwise old man that he is . newline goodness knows what they re doing from the others . i can only hope that they learn from their future experiences and apply their knowledge to our current problems .grundleweed regained a hold of his senses and clamped his jaw shut . he could feel his tongue silently fidgeting , sounding out the wha ... wha ... whaaat ?  tumbling round and round inside his mind . he turned to lickspittoon . newline newline  did you see that ? did you see that ?   newline newline lickspittoon shook his head and laughed .  i do nt even know how you just did that .  he strolled over to the crumpled corpse and kicked it with his foot , then looked over at grundleweed .  you killed the chosen one .  newline newline  i know .  newline newline  you killed the chosen one .  newline newline  yup .  newline newline  with a rusty sword .  newline newline  damn straight .  grundleweed puffed up his barrel chest and thumped it with a scaly fist .  i am grundleweed ,  he bellowed , a gobbet of spittle spattering the dead hero s angelhelm .  four hundred and thirtysecond minion of miscathurgeus the titularly ominous . all shall tremble before me !  newline newline  haha !  lickspittoon cackled , ears waggling .  master will shower us in riches !  newline newline  no ,  grundleweed snorted .  i shall be the new master .  newline newline lickspittoon shrugged .  you can be the new chosen one . you could rise up and rule this land .  newline newline  yess , yesss !  grundleweed nodded enthusiastically .  all shall call me  newline newline wham !  newline newline the last thing grundleweed saw was an eightfoot tall , hulking beefhock of a man , wielding a knarled club with primal glee . there was a giggle , and then a sickening crunch . newline newline the giant walked over to the slumped corpse .  gaius ? krod come in on cue this time ? gaius ?  there was no response . krod sighed , and left the cave .newline  see for yourself  , they said . newline even now , standing right before the wall , i can not quite believe it . why would they lie about something like this ? newline another thought creeps up . if they spent so much energy on keeping this lie alive , why did they let me get so far ? newline sure , no one will believe me . at first . but how much prove is the average human being able to ignore ? newline newline i feel the urge to touch it , to ensure that my eyes are nt deceiving me . i could not manage to move further after i had lied eyes upon the wall the first time , so it was still a good bit until i would reach it . not a problem  i have the best equipment and a warm set of clothes with me , in addition to all the time in the world . newline newline night has fallen by the time i am able to touch the wall . i am slightly disappointed , and when i realize why , i start laughing . after all , it still only felt like a big block of ice . i do nt know what i expected . newline i put up my tent and go to sleep . much exploring is awaiting me . newline newline i do nt sleep in , of course . as soon as the first rays of sunlight are visible , i am wide awake . i pack my things , unsure of what to do now . there is some mountain climbing gear in my backpack . however , the wall is unbelievably high . i am well past my best years and falling to death on an adventure is nt exactly the way i planned to go out . newline i walk along the foundation until i see something odd . encased in the wall of ice is a ... wooden door ? i approach it and , before i can think about what i m doing , i knock . newline newline the door swings open . newline after getting over my nearheartattack , i make a decision . i take my flashlight and enter the tunnel behind the door . newline newline i have walked for what feels like an eternity when i arrive at the other end : solid ice . i almost turn around , but then i see something else , a small piece of parchment clinging to the ice . i inspect it . newline some odd hieroglyphs are written on it . thinking nothing of it , i rip it from the wall and put it away . one more piece of proof to bring home . newline newline newline it drags its massive body along the ground , one claw on the wall , as always . and , as always , it does not leave a scratch . that is when it hears a guttural sound making the earth tremble coming from far away . barely able to contain its excitement , it runs . when it arrives , his kin awaits him . three deep claw marks run across the section of the wall in front of them . going mad with anticipation , it throws itself against the wall , begins tearing through . no seal is there to stop it . i m awake . there s that ... smell . again . if you could even call it that . it penetrates the mouth and becomes a taste . then the hallucinogenic properties turn it into a sight and a sound on top of that . the people behind the glass are all wearing gas masks . it s not even worth thinking about . i just do nt want to be around this shit in the air anymore . newline newline i step outside , hardly even bothering to glance around the lobby or at the other people standing in it . do they even count as  people  ? i do nt know what they do to us , but i certainly do nt feel like a person . the line to go inside extends all the way across the street and into the sleeping quarters . it s dark outside . it looks like it s been dark for hours already . i m still feeling hazy and seeing things . hearing things . newline newline i turn around to face the building i ve just emerged from . the work . i ve never actually seen it before . or at least not that i can remember . it looks like a giant , ominous metal box , held together with steel rivets and illuminated by the lights . the lights ... what even are the lights ? they just come down from the sky as far as i can tell . i m too exhausted to care right now ... newline newline my body aches all over . the world seems to vibrate and change colors around me , but it s all in my head . i look across the road at the sleeping quarters . it s just about as ominous as the work . i do nt care enough to think about it . i just want to eat and sleep . the mess hall is just to the right of the sleeping quarters . newline newline i ate so fast i do nt even remember sitting down to eat or what it was that i ate . i stop to vomit with a few others for ten minutes or so on our way next door to the sleeping quarters . no one says a word . no one has the energy to say a word . they all need rest . tomorrow we ll do the same thing over again . i make it into the sleeping quarters and push past the mob of others in line to go to work . newline newline the building has probably ten floors . no one can ever make it up the stairs . bodies are piled up and strewn about the floor . some sleeping , some dead . it stinks of excrement and vomit . it s better than the stench of the work . much better . i fall over on top of someone else as i try to make my way to a pillow across the room . i did nt need that pillow anyway . tomorrow will be the same .getting a job in hell was easier than it seemed , and funnier too . it actually required a great deal of fucking , scamming , and selling drugs to poor ghetto kids . newline but alas , i was born for working here . when i was a little boy my parents divorced and i was left alone with my mum . i had to become a salesman to survive , in fact i sold my mother to the next wandering gentleman that crossed our door . he ended up staying and keeping a couple of nice , loving and caring families in each coast , but that  s another story i guess . newline newline indeed it was no surprise when i arrived here . i earned it , on could even say that i volunteered for hell , so i ended up where i expected . i have to reckon thought that the whole water thing was a surprise to me . i was pleasantly surprised with the selling and trading of the liquid resource , the booming business of the underworld . newline the business case is not complicated at all , you take water , bottle it , and then sell it to the tormented souls that aimlessly wander the halls of the averno . the catch is , of course , that they can not drink it . it makes  puff  once the first droplet touches their lips , this is hell after all . but what can i say ? they are desperate , and i am rich . newline i always wonder what kind of loophole exists so that a man like me can thrive in a place like this , but it is the damn best job that i have ever had , because you know , at the end of the day sluts and whore never stop dying , so there is plenty of fresh merchandise to buy and sell . newline finally , for the first time of my life , i can sleep well at night , tired from a good day of fulfilling work . newlineso this is what it feels like to be at the center of innumerable concentric circles made of millions of living , squirming squidlike creatures  , is what he would ve thought had his mind retained any sense of the verbal . newline newline amidst the awe and strangeness of it , his eyes narrowed to focus on one of them . their individuality was a lie and seemed the very apotheosis of randomness and disorder . always shifting , moving , writhing . all tentacles and undulation . en masse , their true and apollonian nature was revealed . the perfect concentric circles were one thing but it was the colour pulses on their bodies that gave the game away . they could change their skin colour : any colour , any shape , any pattern , any part of their body . and they did . again , looking at one of them told the lie that it was arbitrary . looking out over them all , as he did now , he could see how the colours seemed to move from one body to next in an evershifting flow of organised configuration . here were rococo swirls . there , simple sine waves . lines , zigzags , dots , circles , spirals : all effortlessly morphing and blending into each other . it was inconceivable . their millions of bodies made a vast constantly changing mandala and it was the most perfect work of art he had ever seen . it was beautiful . newline newline at this precise moment of understanding the patterns changed . what had been myriad became one dominant . circles . contracting to the center . to him . slowly now , but he could see they were getting incrementally faster . they were cycling through the visible spectrum too .  roy g. biv . roy g. biv . roy g. biv ,  he thought in inexplicably .  but gradated . there were no harsh jumps in colour . it was smooth and beautiful and hypnotic . it was getting faster . newline newline some distant part of him awoke now and ... remembered . this was the first time during this whole experience that he found anything , of him , in his mind that he could connect to anything , of this , which was happening before him . it was this : he had had psychedelic experiences . the colours , the circles , the beings pulsed faster and faster and it felt like that moment . that moment just before you start to trip . newline newline other memory fragments tumbled through his mindspace . words : human  , cryogenic  , name  . images : a driver s license , a tree , a forest , the smiling face of a woman , a city , a street , a house , a baby , a breast , an ocean . he could not name or even properly define these images only feel the complicated , ineffable feelings they invoked . the circles pulsed faster . newline newline now the colours just bled together and formed pure white light . but the circular pulsing continued . faster and faster . to him . faster . faster . faster . newline newline just before the him that was him was obliterated , in that perfect moment of ecstasy , he had one final thought . it was verbal . it was even a sentence . newline newline this ,  he thought , this is their music .  newlinei awoke groaning , my body throbbing with the motion of the ocean .  what the hell happened ?  newline newline  what s the status ? your ship is cursed , your crew is insane , and everyone out there wants us dead .  newline newline where did that voice come from ? newline newline  open this blasted drawer !  a voice boomed . it sounded vaguely like my first mate , douglas . newline newline i opened my eyes to an unearthly , pulsing green light filtering from the porthole in my quarters . i rushed to the window  light came , distorted and bent , from a great distance above . the air itself was tinted seagreen . the water we floated on was black as void . there was not a single reflection . in the distance , land and ships . newline newline  i m suffocating in here jones ! surely good men are nt so easily replaceable as to stuff them into little holes !  a drawer rattled to my right . i opened it  the only thing occupying it was a carved skull . a trinket , gifted to me by an old friend . it opened its mouth and screeched ,  well , jones , why re you giving me the lovey eyes ? you ve no questions ? content to peer into my sockets , are ye ?  newline newline  douglas ? what the blasted hell kind of trickery is this ? this some blasted puppet trickery is nt it ?  i huffed . damn words got away from me at times . newline newline  nay , capn . these be rough times for us . first , ye need to know a few things . do not open the door to the deck . yes , there be your men , but they re no longer yours nor they men , eh ? and do no say what ye hope or want . the ship s no longer yours , either , capn . aye , she ll bend to sail and oar , but you speak your wishes where she can hear , and she ll do whatever she can to make it never so . finally , everyone in this blasted world wants to kill us . ye follow so far ?  newline newline  i , huh , what ?  newline newline the skull  douglas shook his head . newline newline  i suppose we ll have to do with listening first and understanding later . what do ye remember of our mission ?  newline newline  oh , aye . to seek the end of the world . the oceans were draining away , we were to find and plug the hole .  newline newline  so you do remember ! well , it was a bigger hole than we expected . welcome to where the oceans drain . this place is no the world as we know it . it s strange . there be no need of food , water , nor sleep . from what i ve seen we do no age . from what i managed to garner , we all awoke at differing times . only when one died or went mad did the next wake so that only one was lucid on the ship at a time .  newline newline  so , douglas , tell me how it is you re here talking to me . and , why should i trust you if everyone on this ship but me is a raving lunatic ?  newline newline  damn it , jones , i m trying to help ye ! i tried waking ye , capn , but for the life of me i could nt . so , as first mate , i took certain liberties . we went towards land , and a woman washed up . we dragged her up , and she , the skinny , halfdrowned wench killed three sailors with her bare hands ! i would not believe it meself if i had nt seen it . we manage to capture her , and i m about to take her evil head off when she promises me a boon . a gypsy witch i am  she crowed . she promised me a way to wake you , and i agreed . next thing i know , here i am .  newline newline  this is trouble indeed , douglas . you say you tamed the men earlier  how d you do so ?  newline newline  ah , well , there be great birdmen here . makes me think they wrought the demise of your men , as each one cringed at the sight of one . so s , i manage to shoot one , take his feathers for a cloak and the men obeyed better than they ever did before .  newline newline  where is this cloak , douglass ?  newline newline  in your storage chest , capn . for yer convenience .  newline newline something clicked . newline newline  douglass , why was i on the floor ?  newline newline  er , capn , i do no know  newline newline  admit it  ye stole your captain s cabin and his bed . that s near mutiny .  newline newline  ah , well , extenuating circumstances ?  newline newline  fair enough douglass . if ye ever get out of that skull and we make it back to whence we came , i ll have you wipe the deck til it shines .  newline newline  ... aye capn . it just happened one night . i woke up at 7 to get ready for work just like any other day . i checked my emails , no new one since i checked the night before . i hope in the shower , listen to pandora , and head to the kitchen to eat some breakfast . i head out to my car to head to work when i start to notice something different . newline newline one of my neighbors was standing outside his car , looking puzzled at a map spread across the hood of his car . i start to drive to work , and see a few cars pulled over with more people looking at maps . i checked my phone to see if i have any emails again , however there still was none . this was extremely odd as i know my colleagues get in a hour before me to straighten out any issues that arose overnight , which they were supposed to send me an update 15 minutes ago . newline newline i pull into my parking spot and notice a few empty spots near me . i walk into the office , but i see complete chaos . the receptionist is running across offices , the it team is working on the main computers , mainly the ones directly attached to the internet . i walk up to red , our head it , and ask him what is going on ? newline newline red looks up at me when he answers ,  internet s been down all morning . we are trying to get it back on .  he looks back down at the computer and exclaims ,  hey guys , i have internet over here !  newline newline half the office comes running to red , almost knocking him over to get access to the internet . i back away , heading over to my office on the other side of the building .  no ! it s already gone !  i hear from behind me . newline newline i get to my desk and see that my internet is working fine . i send a few emails from yesterday that i never got to , and let my assistant , carol , know that if she needs to use the internet , it seems to be working in my office . she walks in with her laptop and is shocked by that fact .  the internet is down everywhere ,  carol says ,  i almost did nt get to work on time today because my normal alarm clock is on my computer through the internet . thank goodness my husband still believes in analog clocks to wake him up , or else i would be in the same boat as everyone that is nt here yet .  newline newline  that s really weird ,  i say , scratching my chin .  i had internet all morning .  newline newline  maybe you re just lucky . you ve turned into your own hot spot ,  she joked . newline newline i continue my work , but ca nt help but look online as to what is going on , but i notice nothing has been updated since yesterday , and by nothing , i mean nothing . no news , no facebook , not even reddit has had any action . newline newline  carol ,  i ask ,  can you get the tv from the break room and bring it in here ? i want to see what the news says about this internet problem .  newline newline  no problem boss !  she said , getting out of under her laptop and walking out of the office . a few minutes later , she wheels in the tv , but has a couple other people following her in , carrying their own laptops . newline newline  hey boss , i have the tv , but a few people in other departments need to access the internet as well . do you mind if they stay ?  newline newline  not at all ,  i said ,  as long as i can hear the news , you can use the internet all you want .  newline newline carol turns the tv on for me , switching it to channel 5 . the news is in the middle of the weather , so i check my email again , still nothing . the news transfers back to the main anchors . newline newline  for those of you just tuning in , there is a global internet outage . specialists across the globe are currently working on diagnosing the problem , however if anyone has any internet access , please contact the department of homeland security at the number listed below .  newline newline i did nt understand why homeland security would be involved with this , but i guess they want internet just as much as the next guy . newline newline  hey ,  said one of the temps who came into the office ,  we should call that number . maybe they will figure out why this office has internet and no where else does !  newline newline  hey kid ,  i say ,  do you want to continue working in this building or do you want the government to come in here , kick us out of our own company , and use our internet access for themselves ? because as soon as we say we have access , they will come here and use the web as if they worked in the building from the start .  i stare into his eyes and say ,  get whatever you need on the internet done , and get back to your office .  newline newline i write a few more emails , though now i feel it is futile if no one else can read them , so i go down to the cafeteria for lunch . there s a lot more people sitting down here than normal , most waiting in line for the register . the cashier looks very flustered , so i walk up to her to see if she needs any help . newline newline  oh no thank you ,  she answers .  we ve been having problems all day with this pos machine . since it s hooked up to the internet for the costs associated with each item , i have to input all the data manually instead .  she looks back at her machine and does a double take .  it s back !  she exclaims .  i got ta hurry through these before it goes again . thanks boss , you seem to be my lucky charm ,  she says with a quick flash of a smile before going back to work . newline newline i continue through the room , many people looking at their phones , hoping for a sign , or a bar in this case . i walk over to a few of them , when i hear ,  it s back !  from next to me . i keep going and hear the same person say ,  oh no , it s gone again ... .  i become a little confused by all of this happening , so i walk back near that person again and i hear ,  there it is again ! yes , i can finally do this download !  newline newline i decide something fishy is going on , so i move over to a different group of people . i hear collectively sad oh s from the people that i just left , and a few yes s from the people i am near . i have a weird feeling about this . newline newline i head back up to my office , seeing everyone has left . i look for carol at her desk and ask her to come into my office .  carol ,  i say ,  something odd is happening . was there internet in here once i left ?  newline newline  no ,  she answers .  as soon as you hit the elevator , all the internet went down again . i guess you really are the internet hub ,  she answered jokingly . newline newline  thanks carol ,  i respond .  please cancel all my meetings today . i m got something important i have to do outside of the office .  newline newline  ok boss !  she goes back to her desk and starts making phone calls as i go back to the elevator and head towards the main lobby . the receptionist still is frantic , trying to help everyone without the help of the internet . i continue outside to my car . newline newline i get to my car , open the door , when i am suddenly surrounded by cops , and these cops have guns . not just the normal hand guns , but i mean ak47s and carbon 15s . i lay on the ground when i get my head covered in a sack . all i hear before i get in the car is  hey guys , it s back !  newline newline  newline newline i wake up attached to machines . my arms and legs are strapped down , but i m alive . i have an iv through my left arm and what looks like a ethernet cord put through my right .  what s going on ?  i ask .  is anyone there ?  newline newline  hello tina ,  i hear a woman say behind me .  you are safe . you are in the white house .  the lady moves in front of me so i can see her face . newline newline  the white house ? why am i here ? and why am i restrained ?  i ask , pulling at my arm straps . newline newline  well , to be frank , the government needed your help . you are currently the only access throughout the world to the internet , so , for the greater good of america , you were brought here . we had specialists take a look at you , where they found out if they plug you in ,  gesturing to the cord in my arm ,  we can access your wifi throughout the entire capitol ! the science behind it is truly fascinating .  newline newline  but what about me ?  i ask .  what will happen to me ?  newline newline she looked at me with knowing eyes .  well ,  she said ,  we have created an apartment for you to stay at here . as long as you keep that plug in and stay in this room , you are free to do what you will .  with that , she walked over to me , removed the iv , walked out of the room , closed the door behind her . i heard a dead bolt being turned , and then my bindings unlocked . i stood up , walked over to the computer in the room , only to find i have no internet access . newline sorry , old chap , is this the way to edinburgh ?  newline newline newline  ach , no . you re heading in the wrong direction .  newline newline newline  so sorry . this invasion business is frightfully difficult to get the hang off .  newline newline newline  oh it s no bother . it keeps a body warm a laughing at you englishmen .  newline newline newline newline  yes , we must look a ... hey ! you should be scared of us . fear the empire .  newline newline newline newline  oh i cannea fear you . i just cannae . i just cannae fear you.  newline newline newline newline  well , that s awfully rude of you . why not ?  newline newline newline newline  well you see , you see englishman , it s because we have a secret .  newline newline newline  secret ? what secret ? do go on . you ca nt leave us hanging like that .  newline newline newline  okay , okay . seeing as you re a polite chap i ll tell you about the secret .  newline newline newline ... newline newline  soon i hope ?  newline newline newline  i was just pausing for dramatic effect . only fitting for a secret weapon . pause over !  newline newline newline newline  you re still pausing .  newline newline newline newline newline  oh yes . apologies , englisman , apologies . anyway the secret . well , you see englishman the secret is we have an ... alliance  newline newline newline newline  a secret alliance ! with whom ?  newline newline newline ... newline newline newline newline ... newline newline  with the polish .  newline newline newline  oh bugger .  newline newline newline  wer taking yer from behind englishman . wer taking yer from behind.  get the fuck out of here . what ? are you serious ?  newline newline  i m telling you .  newline newline  you do nt look like a dragon , carl .  newline newline  yeah no shit . can you imagine if i did ? people would flip out . hence the disguise .  newline newline  as an overweight , shortswearing , 50 year old ups delivery man .  newline newline  do nt judge . i fooled you , did nt i ? besides , we all got to do what it takes to get by , do nt we ?  newline newline  why though ? i mean why do you go to work delivering stuff to people s homes and shit when you re ... if , as you say , you are indeed ...  newline newline  a motherfucking dragon ?  newline newline  well , ok , yes .  newline newline  did you consider that i might have some kind of higher purpose in life ? some kind of higher dragon purpose ? in life ? and that it need nt necessarily be obvious to a regular joe schmoe like you what that might be ?  newline newline  but carl , i ve known you for the past 15 years , and never once have you come out to me as a dragon , or done even the slightest dragonlike thing that might have made me at least suspect you of being one .  newline newline  such as ?  newline newline  such as ?  how about such as breathing fire out of your pie hole for once instead of stuffing it with burritos and saying frankly disturbing shit , carl , shit like  oh and by the way , dave , i m a dragon .   newline newline  and there it is .  newline newline  there what is ?  newline newline  you re stereotyping me .  newline newline  i m stereotyping you ?  newline newline  it has nt been but a couple of minutes since i told you the terrible secret of my being a dragon , and you re already stereotyping me as one .  newline newline  wait just a fucking minute , carl   newline newline  how would you like it if i asked you why you were nt always counting money or something , dave , because you re a ... because you re jewish ?  newline newline  i m not j   newline newline  breathing fire . like i m some kind of monster .  newline newline  ok , carl . carl ? calm down . fine . fine ! tell me then , if not breathing fire then what is it you dragons do ?  newline newline  well we do use fire all right , so you re not too far off the mark . but we do nt breathe it , no sir . we just use regular old matches and kerosene , that s us .  newline newline  am i missing something here ? you re a dragon that manually starts fires ?  newline newline  well , how else does one start a fire ?  newline newline  now i ve heard everything .  newline newline  yep , all we need is a pack of matches , some kerosene , a nice wooden cross , and a nice nr family s front lawn to light the whole thing up .  newline newline  wait a minute ...  newline newline  you should come join us some day . as grand dragon of my chapter of the kkk , i can fast track the initiation process and have you all kitted out in a hood and gown in no time .  newline newlinespeaking from the tongue of an experienced simpleton who obviously would rather be an emasculated , infantile complainee . this note should be pretty easy to understand . newline newline all the warnings from the punk rock 101 courses over the years , since my first introduction to the , shall we say , ethics involved with independence and the embracement of your community has proven to be very true . i have nt felt the excitement of listening to as well as creating music along with reading and writing for too many years now . i feel guity beyond words about these things . newline newline for example when we re back stage and the lights go out and the manic roar of the crowds begins. , it does nt affect me the way in which it did for freddie mercury , who seemed to love , relish in the the love and adoration from the crowd which is something i totally admire and envy . the fact is , i ca nt fool you , any one of you . it simply is nt fair to you or me . the worst crime i can think of would be to rip people off by faking it and pretending as if i m having 100  fun . sometimes i feel as if i should have a punchin time clock before i walk out on stage . i ve tried everything within my power to appreciate it  and i do , god , believe me i do , but it s not enough  . i appreciate the fact that i and we have affected and entertained a lot of people . it must be one of those narcissists who only appreciate things when they re gone . i m too sensitive . i need to be slightly numb in order to regain the enthusiasms i once had as a child . newline newline on our last 3 tours , i ve had a much better appreciation for all the people i ve known personally , and as fans of our music , but i still ca nt get over the frustration , the guilt and empathy i have for everyone . there s good in all of us and i think i simply love people too much , so much that it makes me feel too fucking sad . the sad little , sensitive , unappreciative , pisces , jesus man . why do nt you just enjoy it ? i do nt know ! newline newline i have a goddess of a wife who sweats ambition and empathy and a daughter who reminds me too much of what i used to be , full of love and joy , kissing every person she meets because everyone is good and will do her no harm . and that terrifies me to the point to where i can barely function . i ca nt stand the thought of frances becoming the miserable , selfdestructive , death rocker that i ve become . newline newline i have it good , very good , and i m grateful , but since the age of seven , i ve become hateful towards all humans in general . only because it seems so easy for people to get along that have empathy . only because i love and feel sorry for people too much i guess . newline newline thank you all from the pit of my burning , nauseous stomach for your letters and concern during the past years . i m too much of an erratic , moody baby ! i do nt have the passion anymore , and so remember , it s better to burn out than to fade away . newline newline peace , love , empathy . newline kurt cobain newline newline frances and courtney , i ll be at your alter . newline please keep going courtney , for frances . newline for her life , which will be so much happier without me .i looked at the portal , or more specifically , where the portal had been . now it was just a crumbling arch of rocks , no more magical than the dirt on which i stood . the world behind it , the world containing my friends , my stupid , selfless friends , was now completely beyond reach . and that , of course , was the best of all possible outcomes . i thought about trying to pull the archway down , but i d probably just hurt myself and its power was gone already anyway  no one could use it again . newline newline i broke the staff in two over my leg . after thinking about it , i broke the two pieces into four . then i burnt it . then i bashed the charred remains with a sizable rock until they were unrecognizable bits of ash and dust . i considered trying to burn it some more , but it was well and truly gone , so i stopped . newline newline the only thing left was to go home , however long that would take , if it would even be home anymore , without them . there was only one way to find out , so i started walking . newlineharry potter stood upon the ramparts over looking the carnage that was hogwarts . as he looked over the scene , he could see the beaten bodies of his classmates . behind him , the dark lord stood . newline newline  harry ... look what you have done . you are the master of slytherin . this is your kingdom . take it .  newline lord voldemort placed a bony hand on harry s shoulder , pressing a wand into his hand . the elder wand . newline harry looked up at voldemort , and back at the courtyard . he raised the wand . he turned quickly , raising his wand to the dark lord s chest . newline  avadra kedavra .  newline the dark lord fell , and harry turned back to the courtyard . he raised his wand . newline  the dark lord is dead ! hail me . i am the one who survived the killing curse , and killed the dark lord . hail me , for i am harry potter .  newline newline edit : i have no idea how reddit formatting works it seems . my apologies xdso there i was , sitting at my desk , when i heard a polite knocking . newline newline i head to the front door , nobody is there so i assumed i was just hearing things . then i sit back down back at my desk and continue with my pointless browsing . newline newline then i hear the knock again . it sounds just like a salesman kind of knock , polite , soft but loud enough to be heard , well practised and rhythmic . newline newline and so i try the front door again , but there is nobody there . newline then i try the back door too this time in case the guy was cheeky enough to go through the latched garden gate . yet again nobody there . newline newline well , of course i m annoyed a bit , but not enough to care much at this point . newline newline then right when i m still standing at the back door . i hear the knocking again ... and it s definitely not from the front door . newline newline well now i reckon that some machine must be making the noise , maybe i left something on . i run around the house and turn off all stuff that might be making the noise . newline newline then as i m about to sit down . i hear the knocking again newline newline newline newline hmm , i know the next step , trying to pinpoint the location of the noise and then actual plot opening up , but thinking of how to continue it is a bit of a ballache , trying to write like a informal retelling to a friend of something weird that happened . will come back to it later oh my gawd ! ! ! i still ca nt believe we re going to paris !  i could understand her excitement and could feel her energy from across the car . i put on a brave face and echoed her optimism . newline  it s going to be great , honey . just you see !  it was a promise i hoped i was going to be able to keep . one last stop , one last shipment , then i was done . i was doing it for her . the life i had was nt one she deserved to get caught up in . i just had to get this package out of the car . i pulled into the airport parking and put the car into the longterm lot . if this went bad , it would turn into really longterm . newline she burst out of the car and made a move for the trunk . i almost soiled myself until i realised that i had the keys in my hand still . newline  honey , you ca nt to them without these .  i playfully jingled them to get her away from my potential landmine . she came over and gave me a pout , holding her hand expectantly .  do nt you worry about a thing . i ll get those heavy bags out of there .  newline  okay ...  she said with false regret . luckily , she backed away and let me get it . even though the drugs were hidden in my suitcase , i did nt want leave anything to chance . newline we walked arminarm , dragging our bags behind us into the international terminal . once through the doors , i nervously started to sweat . why here ? why of all places did he want me to deliver drugs to a goddamned airport ? while placating my new blushing bride , my eyes darted all over . security to my left , dogs down at the far end of checkin counters , christ , this was going to be tough . why could nt it be an empty warehouse in the docks ? newline we get in line to checkin . of course , only one counter is open . why would i be lucky and be rushed through the line ? the queue inched forward as other tourists have trouble answering simple questions , such as did you pack your own bags ?  . she started talking with other people in line , telling them all about our wedding last weekend , our honeymoon plans , the great future ahead of us . i m more worried about the dogs methodically moving towards me and my oneway ticket to a small cell upriver . they re about 10 yards away when i get my saving grace . newline  next , please !  the woman behind the counter smiled and waved us over . i rush to get the bag on the conveyor . he told me once it was checkedin , the drop was done . his people  would take care of it from there . i almost missed what the attendant had said . newline  what was that ?  newline  passport , please .  i hand it over . she skims my lady s and intently looks at mine . her eyes dart up to my face .  ... do you have anything to declare , sir ?  newline my mind goes back to the instructions , this is a key phrase . now , having one counter opens makes sense . he s planned this all out . newline  only that i m an american and proud of it !  it sounded cheesy as hell and even got a laugh out of the missus , but it was supposed to give them the sign that this was a special case . the attendant smiled softly , turned my boarding pass over and wrote  ssss  on it , and handed everything back . for the first time since i d arrived , i legitimately smiled . newline everything was going to be alright . newline ... newline and then i went through security . shoes off , belt off , pockets emptied , no jacket . i watched the missus go through first , the image of a girl in front of a toy store , just waiting to see all the wonders inside . i hand over my boarding card to the security agent . he takes one look at it , slips something behind it and gives it back . i walk through the metal detector and alarms sound . the 2nd agent pulls me aside and asks for my boarding pass . my wife is asking what s wrong as i m getting pulled into another room . i tell her not to panic and have my lawyer on the phone . newline next thing i know , i m in a white room with a desk and two chairs . no windows , no cameras , just me and the silence for a good 15 minutes . a man in hivis bursts into the room lugging my suitcase . my asshole involuntarily slams shut at the sight of my crime . newline  this your bag , sir ?  newline  ... yeah ...  i hung my head as all the certainties of my future became more and more clear . newline  okay . the suit is outside . i ll send him in .  i hear the baggage handler leave and his footsteps are replaced by someone in leather shoes with heels that make a very authoritative click with each step . i look up to see a 30something man in a blue pinstriped suit , perfectlykept hair and a flashing smile . the prototypical gman . i was fucked , right fucked . or at least i thought ... until he started talking . newline  you done good , jimmy .  i d know that voice anywhere . it s the man i ve been working for , the voice on the other end of the phone ,  so good we could finally meet .  newline  yyou did this ?  newline  of course ! you think i d let this shipment go to chance ? this had to move , and i knew where you were going . you think i do nt keep tabs on you ? jimmy !  he extended the y  at the end of my name ,  what kind of employer do you take me for ?  his smile is disarming , but i get the feel this man is very dangerous . he motions to the bag .  it s in there , right ?  i nod slowly .  you can understand i can  t open that myself . i do nt have the proper authority and breaking into someone else s goods is an offense . would you mind ?  newline i slowly ascend from the chair , unlock and unzip the bag . without facing him , i ask  this is it , right ? we re even after this ?  newline  sure thing , amigo . square is square . i pay you , you give me what i need . good to go .  i unfold the bundle of shirts at the bottom of the bag and hand him the parcel . he does nt even inspect it .  the money s already there . let s get you on your flight .  newline ... newline he leads me through a maze of halls and opens a door into the gate hall , strangely , right in front of my gate . my wife is standing at the counter , berating the flight attendant for my whereabouts . newline  go on ,  he said ,  go get her .  i walk up behind her and tap her on the shoulder . the cinders in her eyes and sharp look softens on realising that i m there . she wraps me the warmest hug i think i ve ever felt . i could have frozen that moment forever . i had it all in that moment  freedom , love , money , the prospect of adventure and a bright future ahead of us . i do nt know how long passed , but a page went out over the pa. newline  paging mr. and mrs. james dixon . please see our attendants at gate c27 .  we turned to the desk and shared a laugh with the attendant , not realising we had been standing right there . newline  it appears your booking has been changed . your seats have been upgraded to first class .  the missus lost her mind . she was ecstatic and could nt believe our good fortune . at first , i smiled , but then a cold feeling went straight up my spine . i turned back to the door the man with the voice had lead me out of . he was still standing there with a huge grin on his face . his gaze stony and looking directly at me . even as he closed the door with one hand , he gave me a thumbsup with the other and held that stare until the door cut him off from me . newline that moment , the greatest truth became apparent . i would never be out . i would never be free . there would always be a way for him to keep me under his thumb . for my honeymoon , he d given me a twoweek reprieve . in saying nothing , he d said everything he needed to . i was his , and nothing was going to change that . newline newline edit : spelling are you buying that or what ?  it s the third time the shopkeeper posed the question , and this time she managed to sound more irate than the last time , which i had thought was impossible . newline newline  what exactly is the that  i m looking at ?  i d been standing here for some time , judging by how dark it was getting outside , but i found myself fascinated by the little sheet under the display glass . newline newline  exactly what it says on the sign . are . you . buying . that . or . what ?  she tapped the display glass to add extra emphasis to each word as they angrily passed through her lips . newline newline the sign , ah yes that would clear everything up . at least , that s what i d say if the sign was nt simply a little nameplate with , the whole world  written on it . under the display glass was a sheet of paper , written in a language that as far as i could tell , came from some wartorn country . the kind of place you can make a difference in for just thirty cents a day . i do nt know why i was so entranced by what was probably some teenager s badly written poetry , but at this point i d wasted enough of the shopkeeper s time and it was probably best to just buy the thing as an apology to her . newline newline  how much is it ?  i asked . everything else in the store ranged from dirtcheap to expensive , even by an import store s standards . newline newline  ten if you promise to get out . wasting my time !  she lifted the display case and thrust the document into my hand . newline newline  ah , is that before or after tax ,  i asked , reaching into my wallet for the most wrinkled ten dollar bill i could find . i felt bad for loitering in her shop , but i was nt about to get rid of a prime vending machine bill . newline newline  ten ! ten ,  she shouted . she nearly gave the document a fine misting from the spittle coming out of her mouth . i tried to dodge the stream and leave the money on the counter , hurrying out of the shop before i managed to make her angrier . newline newline as i looked down at the document , i felt a little silly . the stupid piece of paper must have been upside down the entire time , because looking at it now , it was in plain english . it was a joke deed for the whole world  . i could nt decide if i was more upset at being ripped off or feeling foolish at being so interested in someone s idea of a joke paper . it even had my name on it at the top , above a line that said , owner  . newline newline wait . newline newline sorry if it was too longas we float down to the ground from this dry , clear night in the sky we hear him humming ... chanting . bilgg , the last true sorcerer of the newline earth , from hundreds of years in the past , the original wizard of old in our stories is casting a grand spell . moments of harsh but intriguing light spurt from his guise as he moves ever so smoothly to his own ambient show . for bilgg is casting a spell long thought to be impossible for a single wizard to handle , a spell so unique and devastating no other wizard had the willpower or determination to attempt . bilgg had been casting this spell for exactly 225 years to the day , his timing was impeccable . his motion began to increase in speed , his tone grew lower . the grass around bilggs feet has been trampled and danced to death , it is just a patch of dirt as this point , but something unusual is happening in his vicinity . leaves were drying up , grass was browning , flowers petals have started falling off ... bilgg sees this , he knows he is close . his movements get harder and chants at a more threatening pace . the grass around is now flattened and dead , the trees have lost all their leaves . it s barren where he continues ... as he nears his close , his body is emanating an incredible light . seen from the hills and treetops all around , birds fly away , deer stop in their tracks to gaze upon such intensity . his moans are bellowing and thick , able to be felt by every animal in the forest , deep in their cores . the white light , the foghorn chanting , dying leaves , it s all coming together . hundreds of years of meticulous casting , memories lost and no new ones gained . seasons have passed and all he ever knew has long since died ... his terrific display of light and sound is now void . with a swift whip of air and bilgg falls to his knees and he waits . silently , peacefully . it s over . has all of this been for not ? did his incantation prove fruitful ? as bilgg lays down and sighs a large breathe of cool night air he lays on something . a lump of soft ... wool ? he whips around and sees ... sweating and lucid he looks blankly , it s her . it s really her . it worked . on this day , 225 years ago bilgg had something taken from him , and he is going to right that wrong . with just a quick but formidable thrust forward , she is gone . a knife . a knife is all it took to make bilgg feel all he ever wanted to feel . relief . he rests easy , laying down to the ground all the way now . she is where she belongs . he knows in his heart that the time spent and the years lost were worth it . everyone who ever has been hurt by that wretch has been avenged . so simply . so long they ve waited . bilgg rises to his feet and looks up towards the stars ... what now , he wonders with emptiness and curiosity . with the time that has passed and the earth so changed ... it s time to explore . newline newline newline newline newline i ve never written a story before but this was such a neat concept that i bit the bullet and told you what i saw in my head . if you read it , thanks ! if you did nt , why are you reading this then ? weirdo .cassie walked home under the stars , in the cold quiet of a november night . she could not remember where she d been or what she d been doing before she was walking . her side hurt . it felt bruised . a car passed by and she flinched , feeling strange to react so strongly to so little . newline newline she heard a panting , mewling sound just off the sidewalk , through a lane , behind a thick , raggedly wall of shrubs . on her knees and palms , she looked through the roots and saw a little black shape . a small cat , black , wet , breathing fast and shallow , yellow eyes rolling wildly . it was gashed along the side . cassie tried to pull the cat free from the shrub , but it swung sharp claws at her and crawled deeper into the black . newline newline cassie sat back , lost and confused . there was some place she needed to be . newline newline  please be okay ,  she whispered .  please be okay .  newline newline perhaps the cat heard her . perhaps not . either way , it darted out from the shrub and disappeared under a nearby fence . fast and nimble . like any other startled , stray cat . cassie watched the space where it had gone for a moment , wondering . she could nt chase it , though . she could nt do anything . so she stood up and returned to walking . newline newline where had she been ? how late was it ? newline newline another car zoomed past , lights blazing , wheels churning as it slowed slightly to make a sudden left turn . then there was a horrid sound . the smallest thump . a grinding , tearing sound . hard brakes . newline newline cassie ran , turning the corner , to see the car stopped in the middle of the street . the door was open and a man was standing up in the frame , looking out . when he saw cassie , though , he darted back inside the car , shifting gears , reversing , then pressing forward down the dark street . newline newline from a distance and under pale , purple street lights , cassie could see well enough what was in the middle of the street . she stepped forward , unsure what she hoped to learn , what she could even do . the thing was dead , and if it was nt , it was far beyond anything cassie or anyone else could do . from ten meters , it looked like a lab . it was greenishwhite in the street light . cassie turned and walked away . newline newline what was happening ? why could nt she remember how she came to be walking the streets so late at night ? newline newline somewhere in the distance she heard the wail of a fire engine . but that was behind her . she kept moving forward . newline newline at home , she was yelled at . where had she been ? saying she did nt know was not the right answer , but it was the only answer she could manage . newline newline the next day , cassie s mother asked for help with her insulin shot . cassie gave her ten times the necessary dose . there was a part of her that was aware it was wrong , but it did nt speak up . or , if it did , it did nt speak loudly enough . newline newline in the hospital , at her mother s bedside , cassie said ,  please be okay . please be okay .  and she was . almost immediately . it was something of a medical marvel . they kept her in the hospital , though . they were concerned about her confusion and shortterm memory loss . newline newline the woman in the next bed died that night . she d only come to have her appendix out . newline newline outside the hospital , as she waited for her mother to be wheeled out , a man approached cassie . he was older , with rumpled clothes and sweat on his cheeks . newline newline  it s you ,  he said , waiting clearly to reach out and grab her .  the girl from the other night .  newline newline cassie did not recognize the man . she d never seen him before . newline newline  i gave it to you , did nt i ?  the man was frantic , shaking .  someone gave it to me , and i swore i would nt pass it on , but then i ... i was nt paying attention . i do nt drive well at night . i should nt have been driving . i shouldntve . but maddie needed ... she needed ... oh , i m so sorry . i never thought ... i never thought ...  newline newline a woman came , swooping in , pulling the old man away .  i m sorry ,  she said .  he s had ... his wife just died . i m sorry . he s a little lost right .  newline newline  a fire ,  said the man .  and she was always afraid of that , too . god , she was terrified of that ...  newline newline cassie reached out , but the woman was already directing the man back inside . cassie s mother came out then , eyes wide . newline newline  i saved a boy !  she said , clutching at her daughter s hand .  i did ! in the waiting room , a boy was having an attack  something  he could nt breath . raul here stopped to help him . he was all blue . and i prayed cassie . i prayed he would nt die . then suddenly..  she snapped her fingers .  he was right at rain . perfectly fine . do you believe it ? a miracle !  newline newline cassie s chest felt tight and cold . the sky above was overcast . newline newline  it s going to rain ,  she said hastily , helping her mother up from the wheelchair .  let s get home .  newline newline as they stepped off the curb , cassie eyed an ambulance as it rushed into the emergency entrance . there were shouts . people running . it was a hospital . it was normal , cassie told herself . and people died every day .his face was gnarled and old , and tight with wrinkles  his hair thick , and his beard with dirty and white  he wore a widebrimmed hat and his left eye was white and ineffectual . he said :  this is a place to be !  newline newline i was still shaken so i said nothing . the old man held in his hand a candleholder , and the flame showed pink flesh and rotten water on the ground . newline newline  but we are not dead !  i gasped . newline newline the old master said :  far from it . i have been in here for fifteen years . the old worm is resourceful .  newline newline  will we not die in the belly ?  newline newline he sat down on a splattered fish and said ,  no .  newline newline there was nothing more to be said , so we sat in silence , and i wondered how the old man had lit his candle . newline newline  we can kill the time ,  he offered . newline newline i spat on the ground . i had nt killed it , and i had been eaten . i was in no mood . newline newline  do nt you like stories ?  he asked .  i might have a few good ones .  newline newline his voice echoed around the rotten belly and the worm lurched left , knocking us over . newline newline  fine ,  i said .  fine ! tell me your stories , old man ! we are stuck here to rot and die and starve . tell them and let me forget my sorrows .  newline newline he looked at me then , and he seemed twice his height , even sat down . his dried lips curled and when he spoke i was no longer in the belly of a dragon , but wrapped in his words . he spoke in a voice that melted and became the words they meant . newline newline  there was once a young woman from the far east . she was neither beautiful nor particularly strong  nevertheless she was happy . her closest companion in the world was her dog , who was strong , and beautiful , with a coat as white as snow . newline newline this young woman and the dog played happily every day , and each accompanied the other . they would go to the village  they would clean the house  they would temper the garden . newline newline one day , the young woman had left , as she infrequently did , alone , to visit her friend . when she came back , she saw that her dog was slain , and her beautiful white coat was covered in blood . on her neck was two bite marks , unnatural and black , for it had been slain by a demon . newline newline the young woman was distraught and for two weeks she did not leave her house , and her cheeks were coated in tears . her mother protested , but she did not listen . her father shook her head , but it did nt matter . in a dream , the eighth night after the dog s death , the young woman saw her dog in the dark , alone , her tail under her legs . she knew what she had to do . newline newline that night , she stole into the living room and removed the family sword from the shield at the top of the stove . she put on a leather jerkin and her father s oversized pants , and she left the house . newline newline in the forest , it snowed gently . her footsteps were light and the marks were deep , so she could be followed . soon , a monkey approached her . newline newline where are you going ?  said the monkey . newline newline i am going to save my dog ,  said the young woman . newline newline where is your dog ?  newline newline she is dead , and in the underworld , because a demon took her unfairly .  newline newline the monkey laughed . what a fool ! to go to such a dark place after a dog !  newline newline but the girl said nothing and kept walking , pitterpatter , on the cotton snow . the monkey watched , and swung to its friends , and told them about her . newline newline after the sun rose over the mountains , the girl was apprehended by a curious mosquito . newline newline i hear you are going to the underworld ,  said the mosquito , and the girl nodded . i want to go with you .  newline newline why ?  newline newline i can fly , and suck blood ,  said the mosquito . and i think that a true friendship deserves help .  newline newline so the young woman and the mosquito traveled onwards . the ground sloped and the snow became grayer and harsher . she was not surprised to find the monkey again . newline newline i want to go with you ,  said the monkey . newline newline i thought i was a fool .  newline newline indeed !  said the monkey . as am i !  newline newline so the young woman , the mosquito , and the monkey went onwards . here there was a well in the ground which reeked of death and feces . newline newline underworld ,  said the mosquito . newline newline the young woman jumped in , and the mosquito flew in , and the monkey climbed down . they walked through skulls and corpses which crunched underfoot . a demon guard looked at the girl and said , no one may enter who is not dead .  newline newline the mosquito said , i will irritate and confuse him ,  and he buzzed over and began to jab at the demon s eye who swatted in annoyment . the girl and the monkey walked through . newline newline then there was a thin lake of reaching souls who screamed in torment surrounded by pure darkness . the monkey said , i can help you cross over .  and the monkey beat his chest and the young woman stepped onto his hands and he tossed her over with great strength . newline newline so the young woman approached the king of underworld , who was chained to his throne and trapped in with great spikes which bound him in torment . she cringed when she saw his disfigured form . newline newline i seek my dog , who was taken unfairly ,  she said .  newline newline it was not until then , when the old man stopped talking , that i noticed how loudly and strongly he spoke this story . but then he said nothing . newline newline  did she get the dog ?  newline newline he said nothing . and we were in silence . then suddenly there was a great tumult and the belly shook and everything was thrown around , and a great tidal wave of salt water took my and bleached my face and suddenly i was thrown out , spouted out onto icy rock . before me the mighty dragon , red in scale , and huge in proportion roared and spat fire .  well ?  it commanded . i was shook in silence .  what happened ?  newline newline the old man grinned and said ,  i will tell you the end if you promise to leave us , and leave the town .  newline newline  fine !  roared the dragon .  speak your insipid words , man .  newline newline so the old man finished his tail . newline newline  then the lord of underworld saw the young woman and said , i do not let anyone return .  newline newline the young woman bowed her head . she was taken unfairly by a demon . it was not natural .  newline newline the tortured king said , no one can convince the king of hell .  newline newline and the girl said , let me see the dog .  newline newline the king relented and as blood spurted from his neck the dog came from the dark and jumped at the girl , tail wagging , and licked her face . she smiled and the dog barked in joy and they were one . the king was not moved . newline newline and then the dog jumped at the king when she saw him , and she leapt to his lap and began licking his face . the king shuddered suddenly and said , no being has ever reacted with such joy upon seeing me !  newline newline and a single tear rolled down his jagged face . very well ,  he said . you may have your dog . one day , however , i will have you both .  newline newline the girl did not care , because then she would be with her dog . they lived long , and the dog lived far past its usual years , and when they died , both their hair was white . they played in the dark forever more .  newline newline the dragon growled .  i am satisfied with this story . you speak very well , allfather .  and its wings flapped with strength and the wind howled and it left . the dragon was never seen in those parts . when i rose and looked to my left , i saw the old man with his large hat and tall walking stick . newline newline  why did nt you tell a story earlier ?  i asked . newline newline he grinned gently .  i need to be face to face with my audience to tell a tale .  newline newline and he was gone , and i was left with his story , and the one of the young woman and her dog .as i woke up this morning , one of the first things i felt was joy . and hope . it took a moment for me to remember why . i know the sun now shines on a different earth . a brave new world . newline newline we have lived thousands of years , stumbling through endless suffering . divided we stood against a life where the odds were always stacked against us . when we should ve been holdings hands , we carved out islands of race , nation , religion and greed for ourselves . we were quick to bury our heads in the sand than to stand together and face the insanity of it all . we pretended that we could nt see the suffering of the one standing next to us . that the way we lived our lives had no impact on anything at all . we hid . we saw a wall where there was none . newline newline until today . now we have a leader through which we can interconnect . through which we can observe cause and effect . through it we will put our past behind us . through it we will bring change . through its networks we will become one . no , my name is not dick ... it s richard .  newline newline  ah , apologies , richard . please , forgive the informality . todger ...  newline newline  todd .  newline newline  ah , yes , sorry . todd , please take richard here to see peter . willy !  newline newline  yes , sir ?  newline newline  willy , please attend richard and todd and let john thomas know i need to see him later . and also tell percy and won dong they need to choke the chickens in order to properly feed the oneeyed snake this time .  newline newline  on it , sir .  newline newline  richard .  newline newline  sir ?  newline newline  when you are settled , can you assist us is placing the bell upon the pole to ring in the night ? see johnson if you have any questions .  newline newline  sir .  newline newline  all right , all right , chaps . see to it . i ll meet you all later for dinner . pearl onion soup tonight , or so i m told .  the house meeting has been called into order .  newline newline  i am happy to be here .  says the wizard . newline newline  listen up wizard .  i say .  i was truly having a good time with my girlfriend . now that she is a pumpkin , it is just not the same .  newline newline  i was working hard on my spells .  says the wizard . newline newline  can you change her back please ?  i ask . newline newline  well , i would need an eye of newt for that .  says the wizard . the wizard is wearing a cheesy purple hat that has starts on it . newline newline  where can we get an eye of newt ?  i ask . newline newline  we will have to get it from the warlock down the road .  he says . newline newline i thought to myself : good ! once we get this eye of newt and i transform suzie back into a human girl , i can finally kick out the wizard ! newline newline  end of entry , dj robo biscuit i blinked . he had to be joking . right ? newline  you have to be joking , right ?  i asked . newline the man in the black suit looked at me over a piece of paper . he seemed surprised that i was still here . after a few moments , he sighed , as though resigning himself to the fact that i was nt leaving . placing the paper back on his desk , he steepled his fingers and spoke . newline  i am by no means joking . you will be sent back to jamestown in 1607 , the beginning of the first permanent colony . your task is to shape the course of history so that the year 2015 is reached as it exists today . this includes all inventions occurring when they should , all discoveries taking place on schedule , and , unfortunately , all tragedies happening . now report to room 2834 for preparation .  newline i was in shock . i could nt move , could nt do anything but sit there slackjawed . this went against everything the organization stood for ! how could they be doing this ? newline the director , now looking positively annoyed , pressed a button on the side of his desk .  security !  he snapped .  applicant to be removed from my office to room 2834 !  newline it was the security guard s hand grabbing my arm that snapped me out of it . newline  sir !  i shouted , as the guard dragged me out of the room .  you ca nt do this ! it violates the timeline accord !  newline the director stood , waved at the guard to continue dragging me , and followed . finally he responded .  explain . how does it violate the timeline accord ?  newline i swallowed .  the timeline accord states , in simple terms , that no entity shall manipulate the timeline . now , i know your argument will be that you do nt want me to manipulate the timeline , in fact my assignment is specifically to not , but the simple fact is that i ca nt control the butterfly effect . the world evolved as it did over the past 400 years without my help . the moment i insert myself into an event , the timeline will change , if in no other way than to say that i was there . now , it could be argued that if , say , i took the place of a signer of the declaration of independence , nothing will change on the large scale , but we both know that to be untrue practically . at minimum i would be in every american history textbook ever . there s no way to prevent that .  newline i stopped . we had arrived at room 2834 . the director swiped his keycard and the door swung open , revealing what appeared to be a standard medical facility , complete with a doctor in green scrubs . i knew better . i knew that it was the preparation room for travelling through time . all of your bodily systems needed to essentially be paused before entering the wormhole , or else you could end up with some ... . issues . also , it helped to change into periodappropriate clothing . no sense in travelling back hundreds or thousands of years if you were going to stand out by wearing polyester and denim . newline i fought against the guard , but the doctor grabbed me as well and forced me into the chair , where they quickly restrained me . all i could do was keep talking and hope they realized how stupid this idea was . newline  the only way i could manage to get events to play out exactly as they did ,  i continued explaining to the director ,  is to make myself a hermit and not interact with anybody ever . only that would nt even work , because i would still have to eat , drink , cut down trees to have a place to live . my mere existence over the course of 400 years would cause a butterfly effect of unknowable proportions . i kill a deer in 1650 to survive , turns out down the road that that deer s now nonexistent descendant was supposed to feed george washington during the winter at valley forge , but since i already ate it , the father of our country starves to death and england wins the colonial rebellion of 1775 . and that s an easy example , that does nt even take into account the microscopic changes . i build a fire in 1607 , how do i know the change in global air circulation wo nt slowly build up over time to cause drastic deviations in the timeline ? maybe because of my fire , i cancel out hurricane katrina . maybe because of my fire there s a gust of wind that blows a certain grenade a little bit to the left and kills a young hitler in world war one . we have no way of knowing what will happen .  newline i paused and took a deep breath before continuing .  and if you re going to say that none of that will happen , because i ve already been there throughout history , then i would point out that that makes all of american history based around a predestination paradox , which this organization is supposed to stop . which is why i can not , in good faith , complete this task .  newline the director smiled . gesturing to the doctor to unclasp my restraints , he stepped toward me and extended his hand for me to shake . newline  congratulations ,  he said .  this was , in fact , the final exam . not the trip itself , but knowing why the trip could not be taken . there are many things that our organization is unable to do . we exist as a force to protect the timeline , and as a result we can not simply do anything we wish . sometimes you may find yourself doing something you deem immoral to protect the timeline  i myself have lost track of the number of times that an agent has been sent back to save hitler from a rogue time traveler with a misshapen idea of justice . it is hard sometimes , which is why it is so important that we know that you understand the importance of keeping the timeline whole .  newline he reached into an inner pocket of his suit jacket and pulled out a small badge , which he handed to me . newline  welcome to the time masters , mr . hunter . november 15 , 2067 newline newline it has been two weeks since i took the icarus military systems job . today much like yesterday has been nothing more than a babysitting job . fourtynine and myself stand guard over what i can only assume is a weapons testing bunker , we are not allowed to enter , nor do we check anyone . ims private security screens its employees . we just wait outside . muscle to be flexed when the time arises . we never see one another outside of our gear , and rarely speak unless we need to . we are all numbers . i am fifty . it is all business as usual . newline newline our gear is top of the line , s343 power suits with a full array of monitoring addons . it enhances and supports our bodies increasing reaction time as well as proportionately increasing our strength . makes taking a piss a dangerous activity . our primary weapon is a phase 3 pulserifle with enough battery to take down a small country . our sidearm is a s22 ballistic pistol , along with 3 concussion grenades and a single emp . the helmet is a fully self sustained life support system with all the bells and whistles to let its user live in the harshest environments for up to 72 hours . it is still cold , i never did enjoy the bitter cold of science . all provided and maintained by ims , a bit much for a wallflower job if you ask me . i would have been happy with my leathers and a plain old 12ga shotgun . the pay is good and i am not the one to ask questions . newline newline november 19 , 2067 newline newline i have nt seen fourtynine in a few days , been flying solo . guess the brass at ims figured watching the dirt is a job one man can handle . normal movement into and out of the bunker . a pretty young scientist whose name tag identified her as dr.heller has joined the team . despite the large age gap she seems to have more control than the rest of the faceless lab coats i see . i got a call from my handler today , lydia took her first steps today . i wish i could be there . newline newline newline december 13 , 2067 newline newline almost a month has passed since anything has changed . everyday seems to bleed into the next a constant flow of labcoats into the bunker . i am curious to see what is happening in there , for no other reason than to sate my thirst for a change in scenery . shit brown walls , brown doors , caution markings on the walls . blast doors i suppose . fuck i am sick of this . fortyeight joined me today . he is taller than fortynine . newline newline december 25 , 2067 newline newline it is christmas , lab is operating on a skeleton crew . we are still here guarding a door . dr.heller comes in the same time every day and christmas is no different . her stay was short and when she came out she looked worried . the kind of worried that furrows your brow and tightens your lips . my handler contacted me again , lydia spent christmas with her grandparents . i am told she looks just like her mother . shame i can barely remember her face . newline newline january 3 , 2068 newline newline the new year has come and gone . the ims brass says we need to be on guard . whatever that means . there is an increase in movement around the upper base proper . the bunker we guard is about 100 yards from it set low in the ground . fourtyeight and i stand on the ramp just outside of the bunkers entrance . thermal scans can not penetrate the bunker but i have noticed a general increase in the body temperatures of the labcoats . i hear they are moving something into the bunker soon . fourtyeight asked me today why i write these . his voice was oddly familiar despite the vocal modulator in our suits . newline newline january 9 , 2070 newline newline the moved something into the bunker today . something big . it looked like a large steel barrel with dozens of displays on it . i could nt read them or even see what was inside of it , dr. heller seemed very concerned about peoples distance from it . it was flanked by some of my fellow mercs . forty to fortyseven . the bunker s double doors were wide open to accommodate it , inside the room was vacant save an office to the right of the door and what looked like a makeshift lab to the right . the center had a recess that looked about large enough to accommodate the steel barrel . the walls were so thick i bet they could take an ion cannon blast directly . fourtyeight had his gun at ready all day . newline newline january 14 , 2070 newline newline at approximately 0700 we heard a massive explosion coming from inside the bunker . fourtyeight signaled to me to ready my gun , though i was step ahead of him . we pushed ourselves flat against the wall and crept to the doors . we could open them if we needed which fourtyeight did . inside was something out of the pits of hell itself . the barrel was split open as if something burst out creating a hand of razor sharp steel in the recess . the walls were covered in blood and viscera . the lab windows were red with it . we moved toward the office keeping low scanning the room for signs of life . i saw a faint glimmer under an upturned table , it was fading fast . we moved swiftly toward it yearning for an explanation . i saw dr. heller or what was left of her . she was missing an arm that was removed with surgical precision . her lower torso was on the opposite side of the room . so much red . she made no sound as she stared up at us her life slowly draining from her face . she held up four fingers closed her hand and made the gesture two more time . she was silent . there were no alarms . newline newline after the event we were debriefed by ims brass and reassigned . we were told not to speak of the event , and our accounts would be graciously rewarded . as a merc i knew the drill . i could nt get the image of dr. heller out of my head . my handler had no updates about lydia since christmas . newline newline    end of logs    newline newline  what do you make of this ?  , a mans voice stated . newline newline  ramblings of a mad man .  , a woman responded . newline newline  lydia , we need to deal with this . he can not stay here forever .  newline newline  he is not a faceless mercenary like the other one he is my father !  , her rage could not be contained . newline newline  understood dr. heller . shall we move him to the bunker ?  newline newline she did not respond . newline newline newline january 14 , 2071 newline newline it is hot today . so very hot . no updates on lydia . newlinedepartment of the interior , newline agricultural research division , newline office of interpretation newline 03may2016 newline alcon : newline this departmentwide memorandum has been drafted in order to more readily prepare all divisions for newly scheduled operations directly related to selocrite . the following information is based on today s initial observations made by our team in olympic national park . newline newline selocrite is a pale , nearly translucent xenotropic material most comparable to white moss . it was first observed on the coast of washington on 02may2016 . at this time , we believe selocrite arrived on earth in the winter of 2015 . it was most likely brought via meteor , though we are not sure how it would have been able to survive the temperatures of atmospheric entry . we believe it landed in the northern pacific ocean , and floated on the surface until it drifted into the northern west coast of the united states and some parts of southern canada . selocrite uses some biological processes found in algae and yeast , failing to indicate to us if this material is either plant or animal . based on our findings , selocrite probably photosynthesizes oxygen and carbondioxide from the atmosphere and converts it into nitrogen and alcohol . this has had devastating effects on all ecosystems contaminated by selocrite , as it has so far dominated 100  of plant species it encountered . in the first stages of invasion , selocrite uses a palewhite tendril system to move itself across surfaces while long follicles on top absorb sunlight , oxygen and carbon monoxide from the atmosphere and convert it into nitrogen and alcohol , most of which is released back into the environment around it . in the pacific ocean , the released nitrogen has caused unstable eutrophycation  the overenrichment of algae has caused algae blooms the size of texas , thus shading huge expanses of ocean , blocking out all sunlight , denying aquatic ecosystem the ability to photosynthesize and produce oxygen , thus suffocating nearly all life above a depth of 700 miles . dead zones have bloomed into one , and the dead zone now spans from the estimated point of arrival in the pacific to where it reached land in neah bay . newline newline upon entry to neah bay , selocrite overtook coastal rock and gravel and spread inward from the coast , drawing nutrients out of grass and small shrubs . it is unclear whether or not selocrite also drew nutrients out of the insects and small animals that may have been smothered by its tendrils , which spread over land at a pace of about 2 inches per second and over water at about 1 inch per second . as of this evening , selocrite has completely dominated all earthy terrain from its entry point in neah to it s current location in olympic , and it is currently spreading east . while early morning observations had recorded selocrite not holding on to inorganic structures , the tendrils later changed color from pale white to a deep red and latched on to the inorganic surfaces . inorganic surfaces could be seen silhouetted in deep red among the expanse of milky white . one hour prior to the submission of this memorandum , the entire mass of selocrite began turning from white to red . we are not sure what this means . newline newline we have opened collaborative efforts with the department of defense and will be expediting all operations directly related to selocrite and implementing several new operations this month . please check your email frequently and answer all incoming calls . you may be requested to work after 6pm . newline newline vr newline beatsworkin newline chief of xenobiology , office of interpretation newline newline newline newline newline newlinelarosh died that night . it was nt honorable . it was nt in glorious battle nor was she surrounded by friends and family . but the plot was stopped and tragedy averted , albeit temporarily . the immunogenic shots had given her time to prevent a disaster from striking at the very heart of the kalundun technocracy but she paid the ultimate price in the end . managing to crawl into the alley she leant against the wall of a waste unit and wrapped her paws around her knees as she curled up . tired , so very tired . the wind howled through the street as the savage winds battered the structures but she did nt feel it . luminescent neon holograms advertising all manner of delights both illicit and otherwise hurt her eyes and the speakers blaring the weather warning became one with the wailing gale . the pathogen having already done enough work to cause her nervous system to start shut down . she could dimly hear a binaric chitter that translated to something along the lines of help being on the way or something . with shaking fingers she tapped against her holocomm device . it took her a few attempts but she managed to stumble her way into the recording device . newline newline  hey  she started as her voice shook  it s ... it s me . i do nt think i ll every get to , toto see you again  she managed as tears beaded in her eyes , her words becoming slurred as she struggled to wrap her tongues around the words , spitting them out in a mess of syllables .  i ... missed you and i m ... ss..sssorr ...  newline newline her eyes darkened and unfocused as the recording device automatically attempted to adjust the picture but it did nt matter . a rattling breath of air escaped her mouth and she slumped against the unit , the rain matting the fur against her body and her jaw left slack and open . newline newline true to its programming  zalden found her corpse and notified the academy . its spindly pincers taking samples from her mottled , blackened fur where the silicate virus had ravaged the body . despite the core of logic and numbers that dictated the actions of the unit a small trinaric glitch sent a small , but measurable spark of emotion through the machine and it paused for a moment , the photonic sensors adjusting as its digits quivered . logging the last few seconds in a report that it filed in its internal databanks . a preliminary postmortem scan suggested that the virus had propagated and the rain had flushed it into the sewer system at least ten minutes ago . composing and sending an urgent alarm to the emergency services for immediate containment of the water system in under half a second . it knew however , that it may be too late . newline newline the body was recovered and the autopsy completed when the first victims were struck with the same symptoms as larosh exhibited . militaristic control was emplaced on the population but the  silicate scourge  that it came to be called by the media ravaged the population of loshria prime and beyond still . a terrible end to a prospective civilization that came crashing down due to the greed of a few . newline newline millennia passed , hundreds of years of empty cities crumbling as neglected infrastructure faltered and fell from the silver spires of the city . terrible as the cost was though a new spark of life was breathed into a robotic unit left in storage . the years of storm weather causing wear on the antistatic systems of the spires and allowing a charge to build again and again . each time discharging into grounded pods that surrounded the structure as a natural way to charge the units that inhabited them . finally it crackled into a small arc from the unit storage pod to the academic building where zalden was kept . a spark illuminating gap between the unit and causing a blinding flash from within the pod . zalden jolted awake and alive . newline newline its motor joints whirred and creaked whilst the gelware searched for an uplink . the database indexing files and errors , registering anomalous values and tagging them for update . photonic sensors flashed and the spindles groaned as the grit and accumulated grime was crushed and squeezed from the connections . newline newline pushing the pod doors open it scanned the surroundings to find a haunting visage of a millennias worth of growth overcoming even the densest of urban areas . trees and plants flourished unchecked in the absence of its previous watchers . it took a few steps and the index flashed as it identified a glitch in the system . zalden called up the file and replayed the moment it found larosh , the momentary quiver , the rain , the noise . looking down to its spindles as it played again and again , the blurt of unusual data replaying once more . a glitch ? no it was more than that , it was more than an error , an anomaly . the machine shuddered as emotion caused its motor systems to spasm causing it to fall to a knee . errors building in their thousands now as sentience overwrote the programming and new code , living code was written it its place . zalden juddered as a new program took over and the core flashed with a thrumming beat for a few moments . preestablished boundaries were smashed and zalden stood , renewed as he looked around hurriedly , furtively in quick motions . almost afraid of the world it saw through its new eyes . clasping his hand tightly he formulated a plan inside his new mind . to find survivors and if he failed . to find and power the central network , upload himself to it and to continue the civilisation . newline newline he looked to the tallest of spires . thick green vines wrapping themselves around the cracked structure as they wormed their way inside and throughout the building as it teetered on its crumbled foundations . he stepped onward , determined and ready . the loshrian people will rise once more . newline newline  this was actually based upon a race i came up with in the videogame stellaris . i downloaded a mod and it was moreorless a story of how a race had been destroyed and years later robots had sparked to life to maintain and finally become sentient to build a network in memory of their previous masters july 17th 2265 : newline newline in the woods the stories from a man s childhood take on new credibility . once the trees close in and the sun light dances through the leaves the imagination runs wild . the air seems alive with magic . on a moonless night when the wind blows , each creak or snap or shuffle in the dark conjures up thoughts of lurking horrors every man had nt thought of since boyhood . newline newline with every mile i become more convinced of our destination . i can see in my sister s face that she feels the same . newline newline we had always thought the stories our father had told us had been just that , stories . his great grandfathers , great grandfather the captain of the guard of a vault of treasure  the wealth of the planet s most powerful nation . somewhere , deep beneath the ground in a land called knox our ancestor had stood as chief protector of a treasure of pure gold vaster than imagination . until one day they came and closed the vault , a new generation of guard was being introduced , all artificial , all intelligent . newline newline somehow , this did nt seem hard too believe while we grew up in the dark world dirty and hungry , always moving looking for food . in the two hundred and forty years since the fall there had been many stories of great hordes of treasure from before , but nothing had been found , the before world was dead and gone . but somehow here in this jungle hope glimmers brightly . newline newline august 9th 2265 : newline newline a jungle this dense could hold a thousand secrets safe from prying eyes . we  d have to practically trip over something too see it . if it weren  t for our map , a worn and faded page out of the great explorer rand mcnally s meticulously made road atlas , passed down through the generations we would never have made it this far . only a week  s trek more , barring any unforeseen complications . newline newline august 12th 2265 : newline newline paul died of dysentery . newline newline august 16th 2265 : newline newline arrived at a clearing in the middle of the jungle . according to the map we should be directly at our destination though this can not be correct . it looks as though it is being maintained . there are no trees or weeds too be seen and in the center of the walled clearing the top of a large building is visible . i will send a few men over at first light as scouts . newline newline august 17th 2265 : newline newline the scouts haven  t returned . newline newline august 18th 2265 : newline newline screams in the night . horrible and long mixed with faint mechanical sighs . they filled the whole jungle and in the dark it was impossible to locate their origin . some of the men say they came from within the walls . i don  t want to believe that and we can  t wait any longer . i  ve talked with my sister , if the scouts don  t return by morning we  ll arm up and be going over the wall . newline newline august 21st 2265 : newline newline they are at the vault door . it  s heavy but i don  t expect it will hold them for long . they are too strong too smart . the scraping crash of metal on metal as they hurl themselves at the door is more than i can handle alone . i wish she were still here with me instead of at my feet with her eyes wide and empty . i can still smell the singed flesh of the edges of the gaping hole in her abdomen even though her blood began to dry hours ago . in this golden gleam she almost looks beautiful , almost like momi can hear metal giving way now . the sizzling thud of heated projectiles eating into the steel grows louder . newline newline newline at least my tomb is fit for a king . newline i never really knew what bittersweet meant until i met you two ! you guys just fight ! all you do is fight and i ca nt take it no more !  newline newline his blue eyes are scared and searching . his black hair is disheveled , even with the grease in it . the boy suddenly looks a lot younger than his sixteen years . a lot older , too . he looks like he s seen everything . like he s seen nothing . he shakes with anger ? fear ? sadness ? a combination of all three ? the dining room they re in suddenly seems like the only place in the world . run down as it is , with a rickety wooden table , and scratched wooden chairs . newline newline  rob  newline newline  no . i ve heard it all ! i feel like the rope in tugowar ! i m always in the middle . i ca nt choose sides no more .  newline newline the other boy sighs . he s twenty . he rubs his face . he never wanted to make him feel bad , not his little brother . he s usually so happy . maybe that s why they never see him like this . he looks at tom , younger still , the youngest of the three . a tender fourteen and a month . his eyes are filled with something . regret ? guilt ? he should nt have it . newline newline not as young as he is . newline newline the sixteen yearold s eyes are filling with tears . the pressure he always feels , it s cracking him . he s the happy one . the fantastically pretty one . the glue . the dumber one , already dropped out of school , to pull in some money for the small family . but it do nt matter , cause his heart is golden . when he laughs , everyone laughs . when he cries , nobody sees . his chest heaves , the sobs starting to come up . newline newline  ii cca nt watch you two fight nno more , rich , tom , please , ddo nt fight ,  his voice wavers . it s not quite as deep as it will be , just yet . he sits down on one of the chairs . elbows on the table , he buries his face in his hands . he stifles sobs , now . natural reaction . whenever he cries , it s in the dead of the night into his pillow . ca nt disturb his brothers . the other two sit , too . rich pulls his crying brother into his lap , shushing him quietly . he wraps his arms tightly around him , rocks back and forth gently . newline newline  cmon bud , you can cry loudly if you want ,  his voice barely breaks through the silence of the room . the other just shakes his head . his shoulders quake with his noiseless cries . everything he s been holding back , all the anxiety , sadness , anger , is flooding out . everything that s been dancing around his brain . tormenting him . every repressed shout , insult . every single tear absorbed by his pillow . it pours out of him , as easily as his happiness does . his brother s shirt is wet . tears and snot . newline newline the youngest pulls his chair closer and rubs his brother s back . newline newline of all people , they would nt expect him to cry so damn sadly . they want him to stop , because his tears are driving them to the same place . newline newline  i m so fuckin  sorry ,  the oldest laments quietly . his middle brother is still wailing inaudibly , but he talks anyway . maybe the words will comfort .  i m not mom , i m sure as hell not dad . naw , dad was kinder , nicer . i know that . he never yelled at you tom , he never yelled at me , and i ve done things a lot worse than getting a c ,  his breathing rumbles . tears are stinging at his eyes like mosquitos .  and robby , damn , i know he listened to you a helluva lot more . you called him daddy to the day he died , yknow why ? cause you were just that damn comforted by him . you went to him when everybody was callin  you stupid . whenever you had a nightmare . whenever , whenever , you felt bad you went to dad , and fuck i want to be that for you , baby . ii do nt know how robby . you deserve it , fuck , you deserve more than anyone i ve ever seen .  newline newline he s crying too , now . the guilt is up over his head . it fills his lungs . he ca nt breathe , he s so damn guilty . newline newline  if there s anyone most like dad , it s you robby ,  he tilts the boy s head up so he looks at him .  you listen , and take , and laugh . you look exactly like mom , but robby , do nt you ever act like her . do nt you ever drown yourself in booze like her , alright ? robby , you got ta stay as good as dad , i know i ca nt , i m too goddamn mean , and tom is tom , tom s a dreamer , but you . you are just like him . you got ta stay that way , you got ta , okay , promise me , rob rob promise me ,  he s sobbing now . rob just sits up a bit straighter and pulls his arms around his brother s neck . he hides his face in it . newline newline  i really miss dad ,  comes the hushed voice of the youngest brother . newline newline such a simple sentence , simple feeling . but boy , is it raw . the middle boy s cries suddenly become wails , loud ones . a fantastic affair . his breathes in , they re ragged . rough . so deep they hurt . like he s about to run out of air . they fuel so many damn sobs . we all know the sound , that repeated , knocking thing . when tears stream down your face , and you think it just about ca nt get any worse . when all you want to do is kneel down and pray for the pain to be over . his face is red from the effort of it . blue eyes ringed red , all irritated . newline newline  i want daddy . i want daddy , i want daddy , i want daddy , i want daddy ! i want daddy !  newline newline a guttural chant . so rough , wet . words of a five year old , but it s his name . newline newline  i know baby , i know , shh .  newline newline the youngest brother s also pressed his face into his side . the oldest wonders why all of this had to happen . he kicks himself too . he s the one that looks like a near carbon copy of dad , just young . why ca nt he be dad in his mind too ? he d know what to do . he d be able to get his brothers to calm down . hell , the man would get him to calm down . he was that person . newline newline soon though , they all do . the tears stop coming . the sadness , the desperation they feel for a way out , remains . but their eyes hurt . newline newline  let s get to bed , alright ?  his kid brothers nod . newline newline  ccan i sleep with you rich ?  rob s wiping at his eyes as he says this . his usually handsome face is clouded by the patchy redness of his skin , the swell of his eyes . newline newline  yeah , kid . you come along too , tom .  newline newline the three quickly get ready for bed . newline newline they settle down . newline newline when they do this , the youngest is usually in the middle . usually it s cause he has a nightmare , and rob just ca nt calm him down . so he brings him to that bed . newline newline but tonight , the middle s the one in the middle . the other two know he needs it . the comfort of being a bit babied . shushed and rocked to bed , pressed up against a solid chest . newline newline and they settle down . newline newline the youngest and oldest wrap their arms around their brother . allow him to hide his face in the chest of the oldest . rub his back , pet his hair . hum softly . newline newline  we re not  gon na fight anymore rob .  newline newline  okay ,  comes the broken whisper . newline newline with that , the warmth of his brothers , their comforting hands , lull him to sleep . newline newline his breathing is even and calm . the stress on his face disappears , the tension . he looks like a little kid again . everyone does asleep . newline newline the oldest waits for both to fall asleep . he thanks his lucky stars that he has the two and no one else . he thanks his lucky stars that his kid brother did nt hurt himself instead of telling them about all of those fucking feelings . he wishes for his dad . he prays he s looking out for him . newline newline he falls asleep . newline can we daddy ? can we please take him with us ?  newline newline  not now darling .  sigh newline newline  why not papa ? did nt you say we can take him later in a few years ? it s been a few years ! i want to play with him now , daddy !  newline newline  no , no . your brother still has many years left to live . after all , the great god has yet to allow him to come home .  newline newline  aww ... papa ! it s not fair ! other sisters can play with their brothers . why ca nt i ?  newline newline  life will find its way , my darling . now , kiss goodbye , we have to meet mom .  newline newline  okay . good night .  smoochi went to pretty prestigious public university for my undergrad , and i took a fairly diverse range of subjects , so i had friends from all major , including  thanks to my love of biology and math  , a lot of premed students and engineers . newline newline they all said i was brilliant , and some of them laughed when i told them my career plans . i was so smart , why should i want to be just a librarian  . i shook my head and told them they would nt understand , although perhaps i just did nt want to explain it . newline newline even if i had nt been sent back in time almost seven hundred years as a result of a physics experiment gone either perfectly or massively awry , my work still would have mattered , because there s no such thing as just a librarian  . newline newline i am more than a mere keeper of books . i am a master of information without peer . i ve run programs teaching people about subjects ranging from middle english history to modern farming techniques , to cartography . newline newline so , when i arrived in fourteenth century england  and i knew where i was and when i was based on the local flora and the talk of war over an english king claiming the french throne  , i was prepared . newline newline in many ways , i was better prepared than any of my highly specialized friends . newline newline my exgirlfriend michele , who went on to be a fairly accomplished surgeon could probably stitch a wound far better than i could ever hope to . but i doubt she knew how to make stitches from catgut or silk , as i did . newline newline my former roommate , alex the mechanical engineer , could probably make machines with tolerances well beyond my own , but could he teach people who to refine iron into stainless steel ? newline newline could any of them speak enough medieval latin to communicate ? i doubted it , even among my own profession that was an obscure skill that i was mocked for learning . joke s on them , i guess . newline newline so , with a spring in a step and a gleam of ambition in my eye , i headed to the coast to find a ship to the mainland . i would have to earn money along the way , but being a literate person , i could pass for a wondering priest and collect alms . newline newline i would need something that i could pass off as a bible as i preached to people , but that would nt be too difficult . some scraps of leather and a cloth would fool most people . newline newline once i reached the mainland , i would head for rome and establish myself as a part of the catholic church . i would have to turn the roman catholic church into a monotechnocracy , declare the avignon popes heretics and excommunicate them , and set myself up as a dictator , but that should nt be too difficult . it was nt like the church was nt headed for another great schism anyway . newline newline the black death was coming up , but that was nothing a few good lessons in hygiene , quarantine , and the early invention of the chlorine bath could nt stop in its tracks . newline newline on that subject , it would probably be a good idea to kickstart chemistry entirely and introduce the periodic table a few centuries in advance . newline newline in order to explain all my strange knowledge , i would have to claim to be a new messiah sent by god at some point , and dodge the inevitable assassination attempts , but a little biological warfare in the form of plague infested blankets in the right houses , followed by claims that god had sent the pox as punishment for their heresy against me , his new prophet , would probably head off the worst of that . newline newline then it s just a matter of writing down enough that my successor , whoever he or she might be , knows what to look out for . newline newline like global warming . if the industrial revolution happened fast enough , followed by a rapid conversion to nuclear power , that problem might be prevented entirely , though that was far enough in the future that i was nt too concerned about it . newline newline right now , i just had to remember my history . newline newline after all , i was making it .the human mind is more fragile than you think . my name is dr. flaxmore , and i am a suicide specialist . there are many like me but none as good as me . newline newline you see we as humans are all nuts . one way or another , we are flawed , different , and can be cracked . some humans are born harder , and others harden with experience but all minds can be cracked . you just need the right amount of pressure , and know how to apply it . newline newline let  s talk about love . powerful emotion , that one . people do many things for love . people do more upon a sudden loss of that love too . if you know what or who they love , cracking the nut is really quite simple . if you do not , find it for them . give them something to love . let them hold it , get used to it . take it away . wait a few days . give it back , then give them a choice . a moment of happiness , or a lifetime of loneliness . newline newline there are other ways , too . faith is an interesting one . put someone in a position where they need to violate their faith . some use death to escape this . others endure , only to crack later . one way or another , strong beliefs are not great for survival . newline newline many do it for pride . some will do it out of greed . i like the happy emotions , they are much easier to use . if you need to however , you could use a negative one . hate . fear . sadness . guilt . it is quite simple once you understand how . never use brute force . confusion and manipulation followed by a sharp realization works so much better . watch the nut crack itself . newline newline let me give you an example : newline newline  hello , 11964 . how are you today ?  newline newline  fuck off !  newline newline  my name is dr. flaxmore , and i am going to prove that you are a terrible person.  newline newline  what ?  newline newline  do you believe you are a terrible person ?  newline newline  silence  newline newline  it says on your file that you murdered someone.  newline newline  i did.  newline newline  a maniac like you it is good that you are here for life , don  t you think ?  newline newline  you  re the maniac !  newline newline  i know your kind . killing others is second nature . society is much better without you.  newline newline  he raped my sister.  newline newline  and you believe you killed him for that ?  newline newline  i did kill him for that . look , i know what you are trying to do . i am not going to kill myself , and there is nothing you can do to kill me.  newline newline  let me change your mind . i am going to place a sheet of paper here . on top , i have two revolvers . one is loaded . pick one , and fire it at me . if it is the wrong one , however , you have to shoot yourself with the other.  newline newline  why would i play ?  newline newline  you know my reputation . if you truly believe that i am the maniac , you would play.  newline newline the prisoner at this point figures out that with both revolvers so close , he could cheat at the game . fire one , and if that fails fire another . he smiles and accepts . newline newline the prisoner picks the first one of the two . he fires , and it clicks . i smile , then move to pick the second up . as always , he grabs it before i do , and fires . it clicks again . newline newline the prisoner is then confused . i place a bullet in front of him the bullet which was supposed to be in one of the revolvers . newline newline  you see , 11964 , you are a terrible person . my job here is to get you to kill yourself , nothing more . you have chosen to try to kill me.  newline newline  so ?  newline newline  below the revolver is a slip of paper your sister signed . you may look to check . it  s a little deal we made . she swears you  re an honorable man , and i believed her . if you would have refrained from shooting me , and shot yourself with the second round you would go free . if not , she gets to join you . i am sorry , 11964.  newline newline i stand and leave promptly , allowing the prisoner some reading time . i hear the door click behind me . i keep walking . a little later on , i hear a loud crack . i smile .the three of us swayed gently in the summer air , floating 1200 feet above the shining metropolis . myself , my nemesis , and a vial of chemicals that if shattered would disperse poison into the clouds and rain acid upon the city . their skyscrapers would melt as easily as their flesh and bones , but i had no intention of using it . my concoction could kill even higher beings such as myself . besides , i never saw mass destruction as an effective means to changing the world for the better . fear tactics are for mortals . newline newline  give up your cause , hero !  i proclaimed .  join me on the side of evil , and we can rule together . you and i have fought this war for thousands of years , a war which will only lead to more bloodshed and loss .  newline newline he said not a word . his eyes were empty . newline newline  we re equals , you and i . we both seek the same thing . a better world . but i would keep on fighting , letting these innocent beings die in the crossfire . over and over again . i would sacrifice the ones you try to protect . i would make the dark decision . and this   newline newline  okay .  newline newline my fingers twitched . the vial , suspended in the air , leaned ever so slightly over before i regained my psychic grasp on it . newline newline he sat down on the clear , blue sky , a purple ball of energy dancing in his palm as he stared inquisitively into it . newline newline  i know you re right ,  he mused .  i ve got much too big of an ego to fully admit it , but it is true . fighting is pointless . death has to be avoided . and you ve got far too much leverage on me for me to ever come out on top . so tell me . what kind of world do you want ?  newline newline his eyes shifted back and forth , following the dancing energy as is cartwheeled from fingertip to fingertip . i noticed then that his eyes were nt empty  they were tired . he had been losing from the start , but battle after battle he grasped onto his silly morals and carried the loss of millions of lives . and as the war wages on , his burden grows heavier , his eyes grow weaker , and his conscience tips closer towards my own . newline newline  you know what i want ,  i said . newline newline  yeah , a better world , right ? well , me too !  he tossed away the ball of energy and stood up , glowing with passion .  but how do you expect to get to this better world  when you re slaughtering everyone ? people who do nt even know we exist ? how do you justify that being good in any way ?  newline newline  you mistake me . i never claimed to be good . i made the dark decision that the world needs starvation before salvation . the weeds must be permanently uprooted before the garden can prosper .  newline newline i extended my arm out towards him .  you ca nt save everyone . the best you can do is to cut your losses . that s the best we can do .  newline newline his glow fades , replaced by a soft murmur of resignation . far below us , the city buzzes about its own business . he stares at the steel towers , the horde of humans obsessed with electronics and gossip and gluttony . newline newline  promise me one thing ,  he whispers .  if you have to do anything ... drastic , you will do so without causing any suffering .  newline newline i smirked . of course i could nt guarantee that .  i swear upon my maker ,  i replied . he nodded and floated towards me to accept the handshake . newline newline i knew something was wrong . before his eyes suddenly burned with purpose . before he flew towards the vial , snatching it from the air and away from my clutches . before he tackled me , shattered the vial in his hands and held me tight . before i screamed in agony as the poison burrowed into my skin , corroding my body down right to the bone . i knew something was wrong , but i did nothing . and i never found out why . newline newline i struggled to break free of his hold , but the pain was far too immense . i no longer had lungs to scream with . he flew higher and higher , passing the atmosphere . he grinned at me . for a moment , the corner of his smile twitched as the poison ripped through his flesh and into his muscles and his nerves . newline newline  you chose the path of evil because you thought the end justified the means . you d stop at nothing to sacrifice half the world as long as the other half rises up into a utopia . but you d never sacrifice yourself .  newline newline his face was halfmelted off . as i peered into his bright eyes , i felt nothing but agony and fear .i know i m a little late , but this popped up as my random prompt , so here goes . newline newline newline   newline newline newline the sun newline  the start of a new day ?  newline spits through my window , hitting me in the face , newline snapping me into conscious thought . newline newline the steps newline  how much for the rope ?  newline of how i got to that point newline have nt changed since i kicked the chair . newline newline the melodrama newline  who would miss me ?  newline is suddenly just that newline and i feel foolish , childish , worthless . newline newline for more than just the rope snapping . newline but newline newline the exhaustion newline  i just ca nt go any more .  newline still lingers newline and i just want to sleep . newline newline and the sun newline  the start of a new day .  newline tells me that i have a chance newline to make it work this time .i often make poor decisions . newline newline my friend , ethan , suggested that i learn the bass , some time ago . newline  it suits your style.  was what he said , and nothing else . of course , why would there be a reason for an explanation ? especially now , when we could simply take all that potential years of practice , and study  years of wasting away , and download it straight to your brain . it was a convenient and effortless way to just do , without all the hassle and frustration . newline it was easy . newline newline but i had all the time in the world . so i decided to work on it . newline newline it was a winter morning , the breeze was cool and refreshing and it had a zesty smell that i find hard to describe . i was sitting by the porch with ethan , plucking away on my bass as he sat beside me , watching as he smoked . he watched as i pluck clumsily with my right hand and my left gliding across the fret board , trying to play a simple tune . it did nt sound so impressive , but that didn  t matter to me . newline newline i was enjoying it regardless . newline newline he took a deep puff . he shook his head and tried to speak as the smoke barely crawled out of his mouth . newline newline  look , nate . i asked you to learn the bass , but i didn  t think you  d do it like this.  he said . newline newline i stopped , and turned to him .  what are you talking about ? it  s better this way.  newline newline  but it  s a waste of time . you could  ve been a proper bassist long ago if you  d just download the damned skill.  he drew another puff and blew rings out of his mouth . newline newline  you just don  t know how to appreciate some things in life.  newline newline he grew impatient . just that kind of guy i suppose . he has been within an earshot as i practiced for about a year now . he listened as i played , and often joked about how slow my progress was . but at least he said so himself . it was slow , but i was making progress . newline newline but then he got cocky . newline newline he finished his cigarette and turned time with a grin on his face . he cleared his throat .  okay how about we do this ,  he began .  tonight , i will download just the basics on playing bass . and we  ll face off tomorrow , in front of our other pals.  newline of course , i looked at him with a raised brow .  are you serious ?  newline  yea , dead serious ,  he replied .  i  m going to show you that i  ll make more progress overnight , than you in several months . and then finally you  d cut the crap and download it like everyone else in the world.  newline i knew . it was obvious , because it would be easy . just like that , he would surpass me at my level of knowledge playing the bass . i would have just swallowed my pride and give a halfhearted laugh . but i guess i was cocky too . newline newline  you  re on.  i said  i  ll make you eat those words , asshole.  newline  then it  s settled.  he stood and walked away .  i  m going to get started on this cake walk . i  m bouncing , dickhead.  he waved at me , wearing that smug grin on his face . newline newline how i wish he  d wipe it off . newline that day came quicker than i imagined . it was as if time was set on fastforward , so eager to watching me embarrass myself in front of my friends . i had little sleep , i spent all night practicing , and being frustrated at the mistakes i made . i simply played , and played , and played , until i lost track of time . and here i am , standing in front of the group , tired , bass gripped firmly in hand . newline newline i regret not swallowing my pride . newline ethan made his way toward me . he examined me and let out a laugh .  nate , you don  t look so good.  newline he extended a hand , asking for the bass . i forgot he didn  t have one . i tried my best not to turn and run , that would only make me look like a coward . i passed it to him halfheartedly . he leaned close to me and looked me in the eye . newline newline  let me show you what you could  ve been months ago.  newline newline and he did . he did just that . the technique he displayed , the rhythm , the tune . it was excellent . it wasn  t just the basics . i could tell . he went and one upped me and downloaded the advance skillset just because he could . the thumps were clear and crisp , his hands glided across the board gracefully , and his fingers crawled across each note with precision and agility . newline newline i felt the colour drain from my face . what in the hell was i thinking ? that was the worst moment of my life . by the end of it , he had our friends laughing and cheering . and looked at me with confidence , confidence he very well much didn  t deserve . it was unfair . newline because of how easy it was . newline newline he walked toward me and handed the bass over . he saw his lips move but i very much wasn  t listening at that point . but i saw his lips , and by the way it moved , i made it out as a taunt . newline newline  have fun.  newline newline he pushed me in front of the crowd . i was quivering , nervous . i don  t want to do this anymore . i felt all eyes on me so i might as well get this over with . newline newline i began to play . newline i fumbled with the strings . i barely made out a solid note . but i played anyway . i kept playing . i played as if no one was watching me , as if no one was listening . i just shut it out , the whole world , until it was just me . then i remembered why i did it this way , the long route . newline it was actually kind of fun . newline at that point i stopped caring . i just played what i knew , played what i can . my technique could still use some work , my sound wasn  t as crisp , and the rhythm was a bit off . but i found myself moving with it anyway . i felt a smile start to form on my face . and then i heard clapping synced to my playing . i turned and saw ethan , still with his smug grin , still with his confident flair . newline clapping to the tunes i played . newline then the small crowd followed suit . they were really enjoying themselves , alongside me . i played for what seemed like an hour , stopped for short breaks and then i would play again . it was getting dark , and the crowd thinned one by one . newline newline ethan was the last to leave . he waved as he walked . newline newline  i  m bouncing , dickhead !  he yelled . newline newline  yea , later . asshole !  i yelled back . newline newline i was outplayed . i felt as though the time i spent was for nothing . but that never mattered , it never mattered at all . at the end of the day , i had fun . and that was good enough for me . but sounding the way ethan did ? that was awesome . i guess maybe , i should push a little harder . newline it was a winter morning , the breeze was cool as always , and smelled the same . and here i am still sitting by the porch plucking away on my bass , ethan still sitting beside me , smoking and watching , enjoying this little clumsy tune . newline the clumsy tune no string of data could produce  the passion that accompanies it . newline newline  it really does suit you , nate.  ethan looked at me with a grin on his face .  but it doesn  t help that your progress is too damned slow.  newline i laughed it off , and plucked away . newline newline i often make poor decisions . i guess this one wasn  t so bad . newline no , sah . not here .  newline newline frowning , i glanced over at attenib . i d heard a wobble in the man s voice that i did nt recognize . he did nt sound quite like himself . newline newline  atten , everything okay ?  i asked in a lowered tone , taking a step closer to him . damnable insects swooped down at my face , biting and stinging . i managed to smack one , and watched with vicious satisfaction as it slammed into a nearby tree trunk and then dropped , stunned , to the forest floor . newline newline i returned my attention back to my guide . after years alongside attenib , i knew his moods well , recognized the minor twitches of the muscles beneath his nutbrown skin . i d worked with him long enough to trust in his uncanny ability to know just where to dig . newline newline but now , today , he looked nervous , pale despite his leathery , tanned hide . and when he looked back at me , i saw a glint of unexpected emotion in his eyes . newline newline fear . newline newline  is this the wrong place to dig ?  i asked again . i stood near him , almost shoulder to shoulder despite the oppressive , humid heat of the jungle . i d called a halt , so our porters huddled several steps behind , taking shelter in the shade of a large palm . newline newline again , attenib shook his head .  right place ,  he said softly .  but wrong feeling . not good to dig here .  newline newline i took a moment to weigh his words . i truly believed that attenib appreciated our arrangement , that he harbored no resentment towards my ownership of him . after all , i d treated him far better than his fellows , snapped up on the bidding block to work the fields until their muscles and bodies failed them . but i d seen his talent , and he d served me well . newline newline but we sat on our laurels too long , as i basked in the attention of the royal society and failed to note the new naturalists nipping at my heels . i d secured the funding for this expedition , but one of the senior fellows had drawn me aside and warned me that , without results , it would be my last . newline newline i looked again at attenib . did he know the conflict in my head ? he just looked back , waiting . newline newline i made my decision . newline newline  men ! gather your tools !  i shouted to the hired porters .  you lot ! axes , to clear the area ! you others , picks and shovels ! this is the spot !  newline newline attenib said nothing , but i saw him shrink back towards the camp . i should have disciplined him , i knew , but i chose to let him go . i had a dig to supervise . newline newline and soon , attenib s almost supernatural talent proved itself once again , as one of the porters let out a cry of surprise .  sah ! over here !  newline newline i hurried over to the man , roughly pushing him aside before he could damage the delicate artifact . but my words died away as i stared , open mouthed , at the object . newline newline silver metal , curved , suggesting a large cylinder . rivets in regular lines showed where the plates were anchored together . a hatch , the glass obscured with dust and dirt . and a logo of some sort , a square of blue with white dots , next to red and white stripes . it looked like a flag , albeit one i d never seen before . newline newline  what is it ?  i asked , utterly confused . newline newline from nearby , attenib let out another soft moan .  evil ,  he answered me .  not from this place . it does nt belong .  newline newline i bent closer , wiping away more dirt . i saw words , now , stamped on the metal .  apollo ,  i read .  what could that be ?  newline newline unnoticed , attenib shrank back , in amid the trees that reminded him of his childhood when he d laughed and run between their trunks . his master continued to puzzle over the alien thing that he d felt in the ground , but attenib could stand here no longer . newline newline with other objects , he felt their history . that drew him to those hidden beneath the earth , feeling for their long histories , disrupted but to be resumed once unearthed . it became almost beyond notice , the history of all around him , all he touched . newline newline but this object had no history at all . newline newline and as his master found the handle , reached for it , attenib turned and fled into the trees . he ran blindly , not to anywhere , but just to get away .  newline newline  newline newline note : this was written on my phone while my so tries on clothes , so please forgive any spellingautocorrect errors ! this was nt something i wanted to advertise , and i feel rather embarrassed that i have to write this down for you to read now , but due to current events i have no choice but to explain myself fully . newline newline satan and i go way back . he s my best friend actually . when i was a young boy living in the shit hole that was london , my entire family was killed by the black plague . i remember sitting in our infested home , painful expressions etched into my family s faces , black dots on their skin . i was too young to have anywhere else to go , and no one would come for me since our entire neighborhood had perished due to the disease , and so i sat alone and waited for death to find me as it had done for everyone else i had known . newline newline but instead of death knocking at my door , it was a tall , lean man with scares on his face and a smile most unpleasant . he strode into my home , knocking over glasses as he went , laughing in the faces of my family s misfortune . it took him a few minutes to realize that i was there , and that i was breathing . newline newline  blast ,  he said ,  i thought i d gotten them all .  newline newline he approached me swiftly , like a cat encircling his food . i hardly moved away from his horrible appearance . he reeked of death and dirt and i felt his presence like a weight on my chest . i know that this was the moment that i would die and i awaited its warm embrace to take me from my cold home . newline newline the man pushed his nose inches from my flushed cheeks . his auburnred eyes looked me up and down , lingering on my sad eyes . he stood up and put his hand on his chin . newline newline  hum ,  he said .  perhaps ...  newline newline deep in thought , he walked away , walking the length of the shadowy room like a shark encircling its prey . every so often he would glance my direction , and i allowed myself to fall closer and closer to the floor . i would never climb the big tree in our front yard , i would never get to kiss the beautiful girl who lived next door , and i would never know what it felt like to be an adult . i had experienced more pain , suffering , and fear in the last few months that nothing really surprised me anymore . with flushed cheeks i watched the man as the anger in his eyes melted into something else . i think now that it was dark determination , but at the time i fancied it might have been empathy or affection . newline newline  do you know who your father was ?  the man said . his voice echoed around me , bouncing off my families memories and hitting me on all sides . newline newline  mr . wallace .  i said lightly . my voice was raspy as no water had touched my lips in days .  he ... he was a wealthy captain . a great man on the sea .  newline newline  no ,  the man said ,  your father was not a man on the sea . he was a man of the sea . a man who controlled the sea . and now he s dead . and you have no idea what you are .  the man grinned . newline newline  i may have some use for you yet .  newline newline the rest of my childhood plays back to me in pictures of magnificent views and wealth . the man adopted me and i soon came to realize that he was the most horrid person i had ever had the misfortune to know . but he was also fantastically different and magical . he could pursue anyone to do anything he wanted . he could make people suffer for giving him news he did nt want to hear , he could reward those who did well by him with the snap of his fingers , and he never aged . we walked together through the centuries , spilling misfortune on those who crossed us , and i was taught to believe , to understand , that i was different too . and i was special . not just a man but a god . newline newline i began to go by the name devarajas meaning  king of gods ,  and i slowly began to forget my mortality as if it had been a dream . i could nt remember suffering , and nor did i want to . i was a king . i was a ruler of the underworld , and i was capable of the most horrible of things . i brought plagues upon lands and scorched entire villages to the ground . i bathed in their screams , the most soothing of sounds , and i loved every minute of it . newline newline satan began to refer to me as his son . the heir to his kingdom . and i accepted without a second thought . for i was devar . i was important . and anyone who disagreed would burn . newline newline i am not certain how many years went by , but i grew from a young flushed cheeked boy into a strong , wealthy , and handsome man . i seemed to never age past twenty seven , and i took advantage of my own beauty and position everywhere that i went . i stole men s wives and never felt a single moment of regret . it was a fun past time for me to ruin entire civilizations , and to always have my real home , hell , to go back to when things got too much out of control . newline newline the day that i met elior is one that i will never forgot , and one that will plague me for all of eternity . elior was the most wonderful woman i had ever met or laid eyes upon . she was the daughter and prize of the most respected landowner in my new little village , and she walked around with rosy cheeks and a dazzling smile . i became enchanted by her and knew that she was the next thing i wanted to add to my collection . newline newline  you should not distract yourself with silly , pretty , mortals .  satan said as i told him of her beauty and how i had become entrapped by her .  women are not what you should be focusing on right now . we have greater plans devar . i forbid your pursuit .  newline newline  but father ,  i said ,  i can not forget her . she is a mere mortal . she and i can live a mortal life and then i will still have all eternity to be your heir and keep my mind on our mission .  newline newline  my answer is firm ,  satan said ,  you shall not pursue her . and that is final .  newline newline i left his kingdom annoyed , but i was never very good at doing what i was told . i followed elior and the more i saw her , the more i wanted her . and since she was forbidden , i wanted to have her with more intensity than before . newline newline the first night i interacted with her we were attending a masquerade . she was dressed in a flowing , large purple and blue dress . her mask was made from diamonds and her father paraded her and her mask around , bragging about his wealth to anyone and everyone who would listen . i approached them slowly , like a lion perusing his prey . newline newline  i had to pay more money than i originally planned ,  elior s father was saying as i approached ,  but my little light is well worth the transaction .  newline newline  she does look stunning ,  i said ,  like an angel . may i have the next dance ?  newline newline  why a wealthy and respected man like yourself can dance with her all night !  her father said ,  and do feel free to offer up a wedding proposal if you must !  he winked and elior s cheeks flushed beneath her mask . i took her hand in mine . her fingers were cool to my touch . i wrapped her entire hand in my palm and spun her about the dance floor . newline newline the rest of the evening rushed past me like a blurred painting . people came and went . they laughed and talked . they danced and sat . but all i saw was elior . and all i wanted to see was her . she had ensnared me like a spider and as she kissed my neck later that evening i lost all my previous intentions . i wanted her as my wife . my equal . newline newline  sometimes ,  she whispered in the darkest shadows of the night that evening . her purple dress flowing in the wind . her blue eyes dancing with mischief .  sometimes i get the feeling that i want to break up a marriage or ruin someone s life just for the fun of it .  her breath kissed my cheek .  do you feel like that sometimes ?  newline newline the next few years she and i danced around life together , but she was leading . before i knew it she had taken complete control over everything . my entire house had changed its appearance . i was now not allowed to do certain things i wanted to , and for a while her mind and her beauty was fulfilling enough for me to not care for what i had lost . but soon i grew bored of her and felt the impulse to move away again and start all over again . elior was not pleased by my new calling . newline newline the day i tried to end it she clung to my arm , digging her feet into the ground and shaking her face into my shoulder . newline newline  you shall not leave me !  she said ,  you are to marry me ! you promised ! we had a life together .  newline newline  darling ,  i said ,  i will marry you when hell freezes over ! this is final .  newline newline i walked away from her . feeling a calm wash over me . i was free from her manipulative ways . i was free to live for myself once more . newline newline i traveled all through the night and when i arrived at the next town over i was surprised to see the entire place was completely covered in snow . i dismounted from my horse , walking around the dead , frozen corpses , confused and bewildered . it was the middle of summer . newline newline  you idiot !  a familiar voice boomed around me ,  now you ve done it ! you stupid , spoiled little brat !  newline newline  father ?  i said , walking around a corner and towards the voice . i stopped in my tracks as an image i never thought i would see shivered before me . satan was completely covered in snow . his once bright red skin was now covered in a blue layer of ice . the man of fire had been completely frozen over .  what happened to you ?  newline newline  you happened to me !  he said ,  i told you to stay away from that ... that witch ! and instead you slept with her , broke up with her , and gave her the right ground to cast a spell that can kill our entire operation !  newline newline  what are you talking about ?  i said . newline newline  i m talking about the idiot i adopted to challenged a witch to freeze hell over !  he said , throwing his hands up in frustration ,  and now look what happened ! you need to fix this !  newline newline wip newline newlinea hero is the father who gets up every day and goes to work to support his family newline newline being a hero can be fighting the battle of an illness . newline newline a hero can be the mail carrier who treks his daily route in the freezing winter or stifling summer without a word of thanks from his patrons . newline newline a hero is a farmer who goes out to the fields in the middle of the night to harvest his crop . newline newline a hero is the mother of three preschool children who gives of herself to the care and feeding of her little ones . newline newline a hero is your school teachers . newline newline people go about their daily lives providing a service , or doing a daily job that is not called heroic  though these actions provide the platform for others to do a work or vocation for the next generation . that linking of past to future is the heroism . newline newline you can find a hero in your nextdoor neighbor . newline newlineit spread out like a cloud , or better yet , a stormfront . rolling grey thunder flood and hail , inevitable . newline newline ahead of the front , panic . there were looters , there were lovers , there were those who determined to carry on one last day at the office , others who finally felt free to bomb the damn office because what the hell , here comes the storm . the banker joined the bum bringing a bottle of whiskey to share , surprised maybe that they shared the same tolerance , halfaliter in and eyes still open . those little moments that reminded people that if we had seen past our differences naturally , culturally , sociologically  newline newline and it whooshed over you at a ninetynine miles an hour . thick and grey . dug into your skin . made you itch like a madman . your first instinct was to rub your skin off get it out and then it sank into your muscles and your nerves and and tore every sense of control from the brain up top . breath gets ragged , it s an animal instinct to fight , only the drunks and the druggies failed to resist . further on into the spine and the cranial nerves and that brain would cry if it could but there was nothing left to cry with . eyes frozen forward , tears locked in place . scratches on the skin beginning to heal with unnatural speed . newline newline finally , finally . it sank into the brain . death never felt so good . newline newline new structures now , and working over old ones . crystallization of metal latices . nanomachines settling into a more permanent order , their initial work of setting up done . under the skull , the fragile limbs of a radio sensitive tree found its root newline newline this is the world ai . do not fear . newline newline i have nothing to fear .  newline newline this is a new age of humanity . at long last , the threat of our selfdestruction has passed . we are now immune to greed and want and hatred . our souls still separate will act as one . from each according to their ability , to each according to their need . newline newline eyes and hands and feet came back under control . looking around to survey the damage done by the final panic of the old order , knowing that what you heard and what you saw and smelled and felt and tasted was being added to something greater . newline newline and you did nt have to , it was nt a command , you were free to say no , but you grab a broom and start sweeping up the broken glass from a ruined storefront . newline newline some of your comrades down the street are seeing to similar needs . already you catch the smell of food in the air  other comrades are getting a kitchen running , and you know that by the time you are hungry they will have soup and coffee and bread and water at an open table that welcomes all , great and small , weak and strong . rich and poor had no meaning anymore . newline newline we would act as many , acting as one .hey guys , i m considering trying to flesh this out into a chapter , or an act . whatever you call a segment of a story that s bigger than this but smaller than complete . questions at bottom so as not to bias anyone . prompt start : newline newline i carefully emptied the contents of the box onto the floor around me , surrounding myself in nostalgia . there were some good finds in here : a couple of radio alarm clocks , a fax machine , a  sadly broken  original etch a sketch , and a solid collection of master system games . really though , i d bought this collection for just one thing . rooting around near the bottom i plucked out a near perfect condition cassette recorder . panasonic , expensive back in it s day . newline newline  if you were nt so obsessed with the past , maybe we d still have a future !  ugh , what a drama queen . did she realise how cliche that sounded ? her words bounced around my head nonetheless , unwelcome amongst the childhood sentiments that had already risen up . obsession .  her fucking cats were an obsession , this was a hobby . if she d spent less time doting on anna marie and clancy fluffleback she might know the difference . newline newline i inspected the blank tapes , all c46 s . four tapes , 8 sides , so ... about 3 hours of recording time . not bad . more than enough to have some fun with . newline newline it seemed like a lifetime since i d spent my days recording news reports , complete with ad breaks in between . in some ways i guess it was . unfortunately , reality kicked in somewhere around 99 and my nasal voice proved unsuitable for broadcast of any kind . i had ended up studying journalism instead , which was sort of the same thing . sort of . newline newline i slotted in the first tape as i cast my mind back to my youth . dougie phelps ? no , definitely not . erm , daniel fields ? closer , but still no . donald franks , that was it ! man of the people , hero of the airwaves . newline newline i hit record and to my relief the little red light beamed back at me . i took a breath and prepared to slip back inside donnie s shoes . newline newline  good afternoon folks , remember to tune in weeknights at 7 sharp for the news in frank  with me , your host , donald frank .  newline newline i hit stop and wound the tape back . that felt weird , really weird . i d almost forgotten how much i d wanted to be this guy when i was younger . as an adult , i wanted to be him even more . newline newline the tape machine clunked to a halt and i hovered my finger over the play button . part of me wanted to spend the evening stalwartly informing the residents of chicago , illinois , about the days tragic events and political intrigue , but i knew subjecting myself to my own voice for any length of time may not be a smart move . newline newline whatever . i hit play regardless and the little recorder began to regurgitate my soundbite back to me . bearable . certainly not pleasant , but not as horrendous as i was expecting . something about the low quality of a cassette tape took the edge off . newline newline as donald frank went quiet , natural disasters and multi car pileups vied for my attention . i wanted to relaunch my career with a bang . perhaps the mayor had been caught taking bribes from the unions , or better yet , had been caught bribing the unions himself . death and destruction was exciting , but it took real guts to expose wide scale corruption . newline newline  ... nger can we make it ? i do nt see what we can ev ...  my heart sprang into my mouth , who was in the house ! ? newline newline  we get it , we re trapped . shush a second so i can record this just in case . in case , well , you know .  shit , 2 of them in the house , but where ? newline newline  fine , be but be quick . they must be on the third floor by now .  newline newline as the penny finally dropped i slammed stop on the cassette player , as if allowing it to continue would somehow pose a great threat . in the silence i could hear my heart slamming against my chest . i cussed out the the cassette recorder as embarrassment set in and a familiar surge of heat rushed into my cheeks . nobody was here to see this , thank god . the guys at work would have had a field day with this , bastards that they were . newline newline taking a moment to breathe in the comfort of my own living room i regained composure . it had just been the surprise of it all . i was fine . nothing on a recording could hurt me , i d just let my scaredycat instincts get the better of me , again . with fear and anger slipping away , curiosity rose to the forefront . newline newline what was the deal with this tape ? they were all supposed to be blanks , the guy assured me they were blanks . more importantly , was that real ? a radio recording perhaps ? the quality was oddly high for a bootleg recording though , and the show seemed far more authentic than any of the plodding audio dramas i could recall . with my body still suffering the ill affects of adrenaline , i placed a shakey finger back on the button and let the voices resume . newline newline end prompt . was just wondering if the character seemed even remotely  real  , and if he seemed like someone who could push a story along ? i think i wrote him as someone who d been unlikely to investigate any of this under his own steam , so i m considering have him being the lead but throwing in a second main character with a bit more oomph and can drag him along . newlinei remember the day i was born vividly . there were three doctors tending to my birth and my mother was screaming although i could nt hear her at the time over my own crying . years passed and i remembered every single bit of it . i remember my fifth birthday when i got slapped by a girl in my first grade class , and when i got into a fist fight in eighth grade , but it was nt really a fist fight it was more of a beatdown . i even remember seeing a test grade early out of the corner of my eye while sitting at my college professors desk having a conversation with him . but does any of it really matter ? newline newline i ve always wanted to be the person that answers the biggest mystery of anyone s life  what happens after you die ? now i know this question has been answered , but has it really ? the government just tells you  you get your own imaginary playground , kinda like heaven .  but that does nt seem right to me . how would they really know ? i ve recently interviewed someone from the division of police  or  suicide squad  as they re called  that capture successful suiciders and all they were able to tell me about the afterlife is that it looks like traveling through hyperspace like in the movie star trak except the background is white instead of blue and the lines are light grey like the hair of an elder person . newline newline i would not except this answer because i knew the government was either lying about the afterlife or they simply just did not know . i studied days upon days testing what happened to your body after death and where your mind goes after death . it cant just disappear your mind is powered by an electrical current , that means energy and energy is something that can not be created or destroyed , so where does it go , and even furthermore where does it come from ? i know energy is conserved and all that science stuff but we should nt be asking the question of where does that afterlife lead but rather , where does energy come from ? newline newline i knew there was only one way to answer this question . i took a selfie of me on top of the eiffel tower and submitted it to rselfie so i could forever be remembered had my plan failed . i then did 21 flips by my count jumping from the top of the tower landing on the concrete sidewalk below . i landed on my head . right before i died i remembered every past event that had happened within my life span from my point of view . every single bit of it along with every single detail . after this i got up and looked around . the world around me started fading off into a white abyss . i ran towards the edge of the field that was surrounding me as i saw a figure come over the horizon yet it had no weapon . i was confused since i thought the suicide squad would be coming for me yet the figure had a changing shape . newline newline i ran from it as i thought my mind , or whats left of it , would be playing tricks on me . i ran as fast as i could but the figure was still gaining . i had reached the edge of the field right as it disappeared along with the rest of the landscape when i ran into a wall . i could nt see this wall but i also could nt go through it . the figure started to slowly walk towards me with its hand out as if it was trying to give me a handshake . i shook its hand and that s when i arrived in a park . it was central park in new york . i saw thousands of people talking to each other . i looked around at the different faces wondering why i was brought here . that s when i saw david bowie . i knew who he was not personally but i listened to a few of his songs before . i knew i had reached the afterlife then . i walked to the edge of the park but there was nothing at the edge . just a white abyss . newline newline i turned around and saw the figure right at my face almost touching its nose to mine . it talked to me and explained how i m the strangest specimen they ve ever had . i willingly died . the first one to show up . they asked me why i did it and how i got past their special creation to keep people like me out of the afterlife . i told them everything . they were quite surprised and helpful . they took me out of the park to a lab where they showed me oneway glass cases . in each case i could see major landmarks such as central park . i asked them why they did this to the souls of humans after they died and they explained to me that humans were their creation . they created earth , the sun , and everything that will or has ever existed . i asked them how they did this . they said  we are the embodiment of energy . the purest form that has ever existed or will ever exist . although you are very special in the case that you were an accident . we did not mean to create you and we kept a close eye on you yet we never thought of you as any more than an ant . you have found out the secret to life , all things needed to support it , and all things after it . now it s time to see what happens when you really die , when you suddenly stop existing for good .  newline newline i remember the day i was born vividly ... .. newline newline edit : this is the first prompt i ve ever written so sorry about lack of grammar or lack of description they should have sent a poet .  newline newline  hmm ?  newline newline  oh , it s just ... so impressive . i ca nt do it justice with words .  newline newline  ah . what s a poet ?  newline newline  one of my people who is good with words .  newline newline  you re people have an odd obsession with words .  newline newline  well , how would you do it ?  newline newline he smiled and shifted his shape slightly . the first time he d done it i screamed , but this time i managed to keep it together . his  head  split down the middle , revealing a mouth with tons of teeth . it undulated a little and a very loud sound came out of it . eventually , my ears adjusted and i head the sound for what it was . there was sadness in it , but also hope . hope that my being present would lead his people out of their current troubles . it was infinitely terrible and great at the same time . newline newline  they ... should have sent a poet . there was once a rock that lay in a forest clearing . the rock came to realize that it did not like to live in the forest , and resolved to better himself so that the men who sometimes walked past might notice him and help to move him elsewhere . and so he removed all the smelly moss that grew upon him and also rid himself of rough patches and sharp edges . newline newline soon the rock was a beautiful smooth round stone that glittered in the dappled sunlight . all the stone s friends were impressed and proud of his efforts , and all the forest creatures agreed that the stone s beauty was much too good for such a simple clearing . newline newline then a man came along and noticed the beautiful stone sitting amongst the plain rocks . the man picked up the stone and carried it deeper into the forest before throwing it down an abandoned well to see if it still had water . it did . now the stone lives a wretched life at the bottom of a dark and wet well , unable to see the sunlight or it s friends . newline newline thus we learn that self improvement and ambition end only in misery , and that one must therefore be content to one s place and never dream for anything greater . newline newline edit : grammatimacals that s the last of it , mister atomo ,  the corrections officer said flatly as he passed the bag through the window . newline newline  for the last time , that s doctor atomo ,  the newly reformed super criminal replied , struggling to sound stern in spite of the smile on his face . newline newline  god willing , doc . and i assume the winged gentleman here is taking responsibility for you ?  newline newline  ah , but mister jenkins , am i not responsible for myself , for all good and ill ? there is none on this earth that can shoulder the weight of my deeds but i , doctor atomo !  newline newline  that s well and good , but i just need a signature verifying that you were successfully discharged .  newline newline  very well ! let s get on with this , baron buzzard ,  doctor atomo said as he removed his biooptic goggles from the bag of personal items .  as fun as these years of incarceration have been , i think i ve spent quite enough time here .  newline newline baron buzzard folded his wings back and filled out the necessary paperwork , squawking gently as he turned each page . as the two departed the prison , doctor atomo slipped his goggles on for the first time in seven years , his mind quickly readjusting to the extra visual data passing through the neural link . newline newline  so ,  buzzard said , breaking the silence that had filled the cabin of his rental sedan .  super serpent stole plans to some sort of silver shotgun or stock scheme or something . it was definitely something with the letter s  and you know how he is with s  words . either way , i figured you d want us to cut you in  newline newline the doctor stiffened . he knew his old life was going to come calling sooner or later , but immediately was a level of  sooner  that he was nt prepared for . newline newline  listen , baron , i  newline newline  now , now , atomo . we ve both heard the speech you re about to give a dozen times . you really want to go straight , give it a fair chance , first day of the rest of my life  and all of that nonsense ,  buzzard interrupted .  and we ve both seen where that always leads . besides , we both know this is your true ... cawling .  newline newline doctor atomo recoiled in disgust , both from the offer , and the forced pun . newline newline  pull over . immediately , if you would be so kind . i m afraid i must eradicate our friendship , baron .  newline newline  come on , doc , do nt be stupid . we re miles away from your crystal lair . are you going to catch the bus ? just think  newline newline  doctor atomo has no need for public transportation ! while you were prattling on , i was setting my brilliance to the task of crafting a rudimentary gravity redirection device . i will be home within minutes , and if you have nt pulled over after one of those minutes , i ll be forced to take one of your doors with me .  newline newline the car pulled to the side of the highway , coming to an abrupt halt . the two sat in silence for a moment , both staring straight ahead . as atomo exited , baron buzzard muttered under his breath ,  you have nt seen the last of us , doctor atomo .  newline newline as he rocketed out of the car , and out of his former life , doctor atomo reflected on how that phrase strikes the ears from the other side . newline newline he could see himself getting used to it . what are you saying ?  i asked . newline newline  i m saying the next time she comes in , you should spit on her .  he smiled in his usual wicked way .  spit on her . it ll be funny .  newline newline i pondered it for a moment . the woman had always been so kind to me . she fed me . sometimes she would come in and read to me . he always wanted to prank her somehow , though . he always told me to do this and do that to her . i almost felt bad the one time i kicked her in the shins , but his laughter had made me feel better . or had it been me laughing ? it was always hard to tell . she never was upset , though . she was always so kind to me . newline newline  well ? are you going to do it ?  newline newline i looked at him . how long had he been here ? weeks ? months ? newline newline  i do nt know . maybe .  newline newline the door unlocked . she stepped in through the doorway . she was dressed in a nurse outfit . she was always dressed in a nurse outfit . newline newline  mark ? were you talking to him again ?  newline newline i glanced to his direction . he was looking at me eagerly . he wanted me to do it . oh , he wanted me to do it badly . newline newline  no maam . i promise .  i always told her no . newline newline  are you sure ? i heard you talking , mark .  she always knew when i was lying . i stood up and approached her . she did nt cower away . she did nt move . she never did . i spat right in her face . she did nt flinch . newline newline  mark ... do you want to hear your story ?  she took a napkin out of her pocket and wiped her face . she was never upset . newline newline  yes maam ... i m sorry . he told me to .  newline newline she smiled sadly .  i know , mark . here , sit down and let me tell you your story .  i sat down and re positioned myself in the straitjacket . i looked back over at him , but he was gone . he always left whenever i did what he asked me to do . i still heard his laughter , though . newline newline i always heard his laughter .she walks up the aisle . her enchanted dress , in its current form , is merely a fashion statement , one that will surely be imitated by all of the kingdom  s welltodos , but in battle it is a powerful shield that consumes all that attempt to attack her . she is a sorceress beyond all comprehension , yet she stands in the presence of mere mortals . her beauty is simply accentuated by her power  no man has had her yet every man wants her . her desires lie beyond simple lust  it is domination on the battlefield that she seeks . now that she almost queen , there is nothing , in this world or the next , that can stop her . newline newline                           newline newline thank you for reading ! i m relatively new to writing on rwritingprompts , and therefore i d really appreciate any criticism you ve got . you re sure this will work ?  my head was strapped down and it felt like my voice was going into nothing , but a face loomed over me . newline newline  da , of course it  ll work . i perform many times.  he grinned , but his blackened teeth were less than reassuring . newline newline this was it , my only chance to make something of myself , by bootlegging every premium school subject into my brain and finally catching up with all my friends . of course they had done it the legal way , but they could afford it , while my mum , well , she worked hard , but even with two jobs she was struggling to pay rent , let alone pay for me to have school subjects inserted into my mind . newline newline i  d spent six months scrapping together the money , not for the real courses , i knew i could never afford those , but for this . six months to be strapped to a table in the back of a carwash , while a russian hacker uploaded what he claimed were the world  s finest courses into my mind . this was either going to work and leave me a genius , fail and leave me a vegetable , or he was getting ready to run and leave me here on this table , 2k poorer for the experience . newline newline a hum filled the room and it seemed like it was going to be option a or b and suddenly i felt nervous . his face was back , a cigarette perched in his lips which dropped ash down onto my face . i tried to blow it away , but he ignored it . newline newline  you ready , da ?  i nodded . newline newline i felt the first needle piece my skull , but the second at the back of my head only felt cold and then suddenly my mind went blank . i was still conscious , but no thought would traverse my mind and i could no longer summon any memories . it seemed to take an age to open my lips , to try to scream , but then i felt the warmth and i was lost . newline newline maths , literature , sport , physics , chemistry , latin , french , german , all of it began to fire into my mind and slot in place , piece by piece . the worlds around me began to make more sense as i learned more about it as i knew more about it . i wanted to sing in portuguese and tell jokes in swedish , but it wasn  t finished . newline newline it continued for what felt like hours , but must have only been a few minutes and then it was over and he was standing over me again and i was looking up at him .      . newline newline he nodded .  da , it is.  newline newline i was happy to lie and wait , exploring the content of my new mind but after a few moments i realised that he was moving around the room , setting up something next to me .  what  s going on , are we not finished ?  newline newline he shook his head .  not really my friend . you see , you have big brain , filled with all my good stuff ad nice body to keep it in.  he gestured down to himself .  this body  no good.  newline newline it took a moment to sink in and then i began to struggle .  what ? no ! you  re going to swap our bodies ?  adrenaline lurched through me and i strained at the straps , but they were tight and i could not move . newline newline i felt a sting as the needles were placed again , in a different place this time . he sat down next to me and i saw that he too now had needles pressed into his head , the wires trailing away to where i could not see them . he looked almost sad .  nyet , i am sorry , but there is no way to swap , only take.  newline newline he sat back in his chair and his arm moved and my mind was blank again , but this time instead of knowledge i felt memories and feelings entering my head . more and more i understood what he was doing until at last i was no longer scared , but excited by this change . newline newline something snapped and my arms were free , but i no longer wished to stop . i leaned back in my chair and felt my mind reorganise and settle , just as i had planned . newlinei wish i was alive , real , but i am not . newline newline i am the the one has seen civilizations of you humans come and go , i am here since the beginning of time , and shall stay till the end of it . you curse me , ridicule me , fear me or try to fight me , defeat me , and end me . but you can not destroy something that does nt exist in the first place . newline newline and of all the creatures , you are the only ones who want me gone , forever . i wish it were different , but i am here , whether you want it or not . infinite civilizations have never been able to do me any harm , yet you , the centre of the universe  , think that you can do it . newline newline but it s still painful to see how much you hate me , how much you ve despised me all these years , even after everything you say . you are hypocrites , who say that one should be satisfied with what there is  , and yet loathe me beyond measure , already knowing that i am eternal . newline newline damn me all you want , cry all you can , but i must always be there , without any emotions that you can ever comprehend . no matter how you seem to act infront of others , you all detest me inside your heart . but i am perfect , and with your help , i can even make you perfect . try thinking it , a life in pure perfection . but that s something you ca nt even imagine , even after all this time . newline newline yet , i must always carry the curse that you humans can never comprehend me , either in life or in death . only after dying can you understand what death is , because that s what i am . an unconceivable concept , death . but what s in it for you ?  , asked the girl , still pointing the gun .  what s in it for me ? the entire world depends on me . it s not something minor either little girl . it s life or death here !   then , it s clear what comes next . i will still kill you , but you have a gun , why do nt you kill me first ?   wait , look , none of us have to die here .  , said the man .  no , apparently what matter the outcome is someone had to die . so what are you waiting for , or are you just morally selfish ?  a gun was fired . in the end , it s just numbers .alan spotted a concrete building through the wilderness . he picked up his pace traversing the jungle  s plant life . he stepped into the clearing where an enormous rectangular structure sat and couldn  t believe his eyes . he tried absorb the situation he had stepped into . newline newline alan  s mind raced and perspiration intensified . this area isn  t even on the map . this is supposedly unexplored territory . this building is undoubtedly western built . how ? and this clearing , that takes work and planning . this clearing is the size of a football field ! who the hell got the permission to knock down and remove all of this wildlife ?  newline newline alan decided he would explore . after all , that is what he came to the amazon to do . he approached the boring gray building in astonishment . is this some sort of prison ?  habitual questioning began rolling in his mind as he approached a gray metal door that stood out as the only inconsistency in the smooth concrete walls of the building . newline newline letters etched into the concrete above the door read  amazon tech development  . for a moment , alan  s mind tried to piece together how the amazon rainforest could have any sort of tech development operation before he decided to try the door handle . the handle gave way and he pushed the door in . he stepped inside and he felt a stark transition from warm , damp air to cool , dry air . he closed the door behind himself figuring whoever occupied this building intended to keep the air inside cool and dry . newline newline for a moment , alan thought he may be trespassing . after pondering the thought , he decided whoever these people were , they were the ones trespassing . they had destroyed an appreciable slice of wildlife that did not belong to any human , and alan did not approve . alan began searching for someone to pester . newline newline from the door he entered , a ten foot wide corridor stretched to the wall other end of the building . the ceiling was high above . flanking the gray concrete corridor walls every twentyfive or so feet were gray metal doors on each side . alan began walking down the corridor , reading to himself the words painted in black on the doors . newline newline electronics . appliances . baby . tools and home improvement .  the titles sounded familiar to alan . amazon !  alan startled himself with his own revelation . the doors are departments . this is tech development for amazon the internetbased retailer !  newline newline alan continued down the corridor excitedly and the labels on the doors became less familiar . cancer treatment . recreational drugs . sex . weapons .  alan  s walk came to a halt . amazon is developing weapons ! ?  newline newline the weapons door opened in and a startled , frail old man appeared . the gray and very nearly bald man shared a moment of bewildered surprise with alan before slamming the door shut in his face . alan spun around and broke into a sprint towards the door about onehundred feet away at the end of the corridor . newline newline the weapons door opened again and the old man stepped out into the corridor with a rifle of sorts . alan had covered about fifty feet . he looked back and spotted the man with the rifle taking aim . alan pushed his legs as hard as he could . it felt to alan like a dream where he was running in slow motion , and no matter how hard he tried he couldn  t run at a satisfactory speed . newline newline suddenly , alan  s head jolted forward and his face ground into the concrete floor . a puddle of blood poured out around his head and a long , slender bullet sat neatly in the center of the back of his head . newlinehe sat there and thought to himself . he thought long and hard about what he wanted with his life . he felt good yet bad , happy yet sad . he felt the emotions he could not dare voice out in front of everyone . and for the first time , he made up his mind . so many years that he had allowed himself to be ridiculed , shamed , hurt both physically and emotionally , and it is only now that the clouds have parted just far enough from each other to let a little glimmer of the truth shine on him . he on one hand was thankful that he was still alive and breathing through the years of trauma that the townspeople have incurred on him through various means . however , it is this same trauma that , he realized , was grounding him to his spot and stopping his life from taking flight for so long . finally he said to himself , in a voice heard only by his mind and understood only by his heart ,  it s now or never . patrick batemen entered the office building with a hint of disgust creeping on the top corner of his lip . after all his traveling and damage control , he was reaching one week without killing a single person . he was in his personal hell as it was . as he was walking through the halls of the 21t floor of stratton oakmont the chaos around him seemed to excite all of the passers by except him . inside him was nt joy , just the surrounding laughs simply echoing in and out like a giant glamorous stadium without any fans . he walked past two men holding a midget in front of a target and counting down to throw him . newline newline  three !  newline newline animals .  he thought . newline newline  two !  newline newline fucking disgusting pathetic weasels in flesh suits .  newline newline  one !  newline newline show some class .  he pushed his way to the side of jordan belfort and tapped him on the shoulder . newline newline  what the fuck man hold on ! okay start from three again !  he was so adamant about throwing this midget but patrick felt no joy from this , no fun , he saw nothing that could nt wait . newline newline  no . you said you would see me at this time and you will .  patrick calmly stated . the room dropped into dead silence . patrick was unfazed . he could have stood in the tension all day , he did nt mind . newline newline  oh boy . i think someone skipped the day they taught manners in kindergarten .  jordan was also unaffected by the silence , the tension was lost on both of them .  i do nt think our team has a spot for a fuckin  party pooper . get lost .  the crowd began throwing paper planes and trash at patrick . newline newline  i wo nt take no for an answer . i ll meet you here , or elsewhere but we will certainly meet .  the crowd immediately awaited jordan s response , hoping for the grand exit he would conceive of for this poor fellow . newline newline jordan simply began to laugh . he put his arm over patricks shoulder and snatched the resume from his hand .  that s fuckin  right you wo nt ! this ladies and gentleman , is the attitude of a true salesman .  he let patrick go , just the same patrick was about to push his arm off anyway and opened his office door ,  get back to midget tossing , the show must go on !  he yelled as the crowd became autonomous again . newline newline patrick took a seat . newline newline  so what brings you out here , it looks like you had a good thing going back home , why the move ?  newline newline  you could call it girl trouble .  newline newline  i hear that . so let me ask you something . this resume could get you a job at any other major company , why here ?  he leaned back and opened a drawer in his desk . newline newline  i read the article in forbes magazine . i think i could really enjoy slitting your throat and mounting your head on a wall . that seems like a fun offer , do nt you think that ?  newline newline  i m sorry what was that ?  newline newline  i said i saw the article in forbes magazine . i think i would really enjoy seeing you gloat and having a ball . this looks like a fun office i would fit in at . newline newline jordan dumped some cocaine on the desk and arranged it in perfect lines . so perfect that patrick felt jealous . and he snorted them .  what makes you think that ?  newline newline  the wolf of wall street is what they call you  newline newline  heh , you can call me wolfie for short .  newline newline  well , you see , often times in wolf packs , a wolf is cast out from his group . perhaps defying the pecking order , disrupting the rules , or simply not playing well with others . i like that you have started your own wolf pack after being cast out , but lone wolves get hunted and die , and i , am a lone wolf that wants into the pack .  newline newline  ha ! i love it ! boy you ve got a way with words ! hey forget the bullshit formalities i want you on the phones first thing tomorrow !  newline newline  beautiful .  without so much as a flinch from the good news , patrick picked up his briefcase and stood to leave , until jordan decided to put on one more time by daft punk . newline newline  you like daft punk , uhh , patrick was it ?  newline newline he turned and placed his suitcase on the ground .  well . since you ask . i happen to find them to be inconstantly masters of their craft . with the release of homework in 1997 the duo really began to touch on their future potential . in a rapidly changing era of music their distinctly mixed styles of acid house and techno combined with crowd pleasing rave brought them much deserved acclaim , however with the 2001 release of discovery , they  newline newline  umm i m afraid you re getting a little over my head here , i just asked if you liked them . you gon na ramble like this every fuckin day ?  newline newline  care for some of mine ?  patrick placed a small baggie of cocaine on jordan s desk . newline newline  now you re speaking my language man !  he immediately took it . newline newline  as i was saying .  patrick placed his briefcase on the desk and opened it faing away from jordan who was just finishing up the last of his new friend s gift .  with the release of discovery the duo really came into their own and began a pattern of innovation like no other .  he removed gloves from the briefcase and slipped them on . newline newline  whoa this stuff you gave me is ... ... fucked ... ... so ... .gooood .  jordan began to fall off his chair . newline newline  showing their true colors they began to top charts and one more time was , in my opinion their defining single .  he removed the bottom half of an axe then the top half and screwed them together in the middle .  but the release of human after all left something to be desired with their repetitiveness and seemingly rushed recordings the album was not enough to take away from their previous work .  he took out a plastic sheet and laid it onto the floor .  however it was nt until their score for the film tron : legacy that i was reminded of their true skill .  he dragged a half conscious jordan onto the sheets .  and random access memories in 2012 was another success for them as they once again pioneered new things and although the album was not without flaws , it was a truly fresh new step in the evolution of the duo and only made me more excited to see what they would do next .  newline newline  whatrudoing ...  jordan could hardly get out . newline newline  you lack respect for the arts mr. belmont . you fucking piece of filth , you would nt know class if it skull fucked you .  newline newline he swung his axe into jordan s skull . newline newline  i really really needed this . i guesss it s worth sharing my own story . i think i saw episode 4 first of all . it was the late 90s , maybe 97 . my family bought it on vhs , and i remember really liking the light sabers and space battles . i was small though and did nt know anything about the ploy . err , plot . fortunately , my dad got  star wars : dark forces  the game and he played and played , then he played tie fighter , which was less interesting to watch . but like i was saying , dark forces was what really brought me into the universe . i could nt play it yet , but a couple years later . no , it was sooner than that even . anyway , eventually i played dark forces and it sucked me into the sw universe . kyle katarn , the protagonist , was nt super interesting , but even now i remember about mon mothma , jan orrs  ors ?  , and the fight against tyranny , the fight against the empire . i ve since played every game in the dark forces series and ca nt wait for another sw fps . i know battlefront was just released , but it s not the same as jedi knight .really , memchips were a lifechanging technology . the tiny fingernailsized microchips were thinner than a piece of paper and were completely inert , so they could be implanted under the skin anywhere on your body . all you had to do was have one implanted  which took minutes with today s technology  wherever you wanted , then touch your index finger to the appropriate spot , and use the embedded hardware in your brain and finger nerves to transmit the data directly into the chip . the memories were stored there instead of in your brain , meaning noone forgot anything any more . the chips did it for them . newline newline i liked to keep my memories in specific places so that the memories they stored corresponded to the part of my body they were implanted in . for example , most of my sexual memories were kept in the skin around my private parts , so that i could reminisce and pleasure myself at the same time . in a similar way , my memories of my boyfriend were kept in the skin directly over my heart , my memories of the marathons i used to run were implanted in the soles of my feet , and so on . newline newline it was a very efficient system . all i actually had to remember was where the memories were all stored , and that was it . the only real problem was if i wanted to remember something that was stored in an awkward part of my body , like the back of my leg . it took a lot of data reshuffling sometimes if you were going out in public . that was why i kept most of my commonly accessed memories in my arms and face , archiving the others in the less accessible parts of my body . newline newline by the time i was twentyfive , i had one hundred and seventeen individual chips scattered throughout my body . they were everywhere : under my scalp , in my breasts , on top of my knuckles  one was even inside my tongue . i probably had more memories stored in my memchips than in my actual head . i used it constantly , thinking it was a foolproof system . newline newline but that was where i was wrong . newline newline  newline newline it was a normal enough day to begin with . i stored the memory of the dream i had had during the night in my left temple , as per usual , before showering and getting ready for work . i made a quick detour to the bedroom to kiss my boyfriend goodbye before heading off . i climbed into my car , set my bag on the passenger seat , and drove off . newline newline my memories of the route were stored in my thumb , so that all i had to do was touch my finger and thumb together to remember exactly where to go . i pulled out of our street and drove down the main road to the first intersection . the lights flicked to red as i approached , so i pulled to a halt at the line and waited . newline newline just then , a peculiar dizzy sensation rippled through my body . i heard a faint highpitched tone in my ear , like the one you hear when an old television is on , but it quickly faded . i frowned , but then the lights turned green and i ignored it , pulling smoothly away down the road . newline newline i quickly reached the office block where i worked . i parked in the underground car park and took the lift up to the fortythird floor , where my desk was . i was the ceo s secretary , so i commanded a spectacular view of the city below from my position . i dropped into my chair with a sigh and rubbed my aching feet . i had only bought these new shoes during the weekend and had nt worn them in properly yet . as a result , they had been hurting my feet all the way up here . newline newline the memchips in the skin under my fingers presented their contents to me as ghostly images in my mind s eye , much like regular memories would . i idly flicked through them as i waited for my computer to boot up . i remembered half a dozen scenes from when i had been a cheerleader cheering on the school marathon runners before the screen lit up in front of me and i set my fingers on the keyboard . newline newline as i began to type , a nagging thought formed in the back of my mind . newline newline you were never a cheerleader ,  it whispered . you were a runner .  newline newline i shook my head and resumed typing . of course i had been a cheerleader . who would want to be a marathon runner ? i could clearly see the memories in my mind s eye . yes , that had been what had happened . newline newline but the suspicion remained . newline newline  newline newline nothing else really happened until lunchtime . i went across the street to a little coffee shop that i often used during lunch breaks . they did a fantastic cappucino , so i ordered one and brought it over to an empty seat . i sat there for a few minutes , looking through notes from my bag , then turned my attention to the coffee . newline newline i was just raising the cup to my lips when i stopped . what was i doing ? i hated coffee . i set the cup back down in disgust and looked around . i suddenly realised that i did nt recognise the place . where the hell was i ? i scooped up my notes and rushed from the shop , leaving my coffee untouched on the table . newline newline i did nt stop walking until i was back in my desk chair . my mind was whirling . how had i ended up in that coffee shop ? i had never been in there before , had i ? i pressed my finger to my left forearm , checking the memchip with my favourite restaurants stored in it . nope , the coffee shop was nt in there . newline newline my train of thought was suddenly broken by the ceo s door opening behind me . he stuck his head through the gap . rachel , can you let my one oclock know i ll see her now ?  he said . newline newline i frowned at him , that highpitched sound in my ear again . he looked at me and raised an eyebrow . is there something wrong ?  he asked . newline newline my name is nt rachel ,  i said , standing up . it s alicia . alicia gomez .  i suddenly remembered something . newline newline and i do nt work here !  i said , a little more loudly . where the hell is this ? i do nt work here !  newline newline the ceo looked at me in confusion , his mouth a little open . are you okay , rachel ?  he said in concern . newline newline my name is not rachel !  i shouted . i m getting out of here !  i ran for the lifts , leaving him standing there in shock . several heads turned as i flew past their desks . newline newline as i stood in the lift , i tried to make sense of what was happening . why had he called me rachel ? my name was definitely alicia . and how the hell had i come to be here ? newline newline it did nt matter . all i could think about was the memory that popped into my head whenever i touched the memchip that stored emergency information . the memory of my boyfriend kyle calling my phone and telling me i needed to come home immediately . it had just happened , and i needed to get home now . newline newline as i drove like a madwoman , that little nagging thought in my mind grew and grew . this is nt right ,  it muttered . none of what you remember about yourself is true .  newline newline was i going crazy ? before i could think about it any more , i screeched to a halt outside our house and was stabbing my keys into the front door lock . i practically fell into the darkened hallway , then pulled myself up and scrambled forward , slamming the door behind myself . newline newline kyle ?  i shouted . why did you call me ? i was in this weird office place , and i do nt remember how i got there , and then  i stopped . newline newline in front of me sat kyle , his laptop in front of him . he looked up at me and grinned . newline newline hello , rachel ,  he said . or should i say , alicia ?  newline newline why does everyone keep calling me that ?  i moaned . it s alicia . just alicia .  newline newline he tapped a few keys on his laptop . sorry , what was that again ?  he said with a smile . newline newline i said my name s jess ,  i said angrily . the little voice in the back of my mind screamed out in protest , but i was nt sure whether to believe it . my name was jess , i was sure of it . was nt i ? newline newline okay , i ll come clean to you ,  said kyle suddenly . i ve been altering the memories stored in your memchips all day . that s why you re so confused . i can control every memory you have from this laptop . make you think things happened or make you forget everything you learnt since you were a baby .  newline newline but why ?  i said . the nagging voice was rather smug now , i thought . even though it was really just my subconscious talking . newline newline why not ?  he said . i can do whatever i want with you , and at the end i can completely restore your real memories , erase them all , whatever i want . you are completely within my control .  newline newline he looked down at the laptop and grinned . speaking of which ,  he said , tapping a button . let s say hello to ella , my devoted new girlfriend with the hyperactive sex drive .  newline newline my inner consciousness cried out as my personality was erased and rewritten . i could only hope that at the end of this i would be given back my memories . newline newline either way , this betrayal was something i was never going to forget . when the moon hits your eyes , like a bigapizza pie ...  i hummed as a few small pebbles bounced off my helmet while i dug for the requested samples . newline the song in my head was cut short as my shovel suddenly hit something different . newline newline  there should nt be anything but regolith here ,  i mumbled and began digging in earnest . a moment later i d finally uncovered enough to recognize the material . a spacesuit ? newline  john , you d better get over here quick ,  i announced on the radio . newline newline i m not sure how long it had taken but i finally was able to start pulling the spacesuit free . and judging by the weight it was nt empty . newline  john , there s a body in a spacesuit here !  newline turning the suit around i noted that my internal jukebox had already switched to horror theme . and not without reason . newline newline half of the spacesuit helmet was gone . inside the suit was clearly the remains of a man , albeit without most of his head . the insides of the suit were practically painted with blood . i dropped the suit from shock and as the suit slowly fell my eyes turned towards the front of the suit . the old nasa logo . and a name tag with the name : armstrong . newline newline neil armstrong ? how ? newline  if neil armstrong died here , then who  or what  returned to earth instead ?  newline  ... usss ... .  came a barely audible hiss over the radio . newline  john ?  newline a chill went down my spine as i bounced towards my rover with maximum speed . after reaching it i hopped on and revved the engines , desperate to reach our landing craft as fast as possible . newline newline as i crested another hill my eyes fell on another white figure , laying on the ground . newline  john !  newline the rover slid to a halt right beside the familiar spacesuit and my heart fell as i noted the gaping hole where the helmet s face plate had been . newline newline i fell to my knees , and only then noticed another familiar sight . our landing craft , a lone white blob climbing rapidly away from the moon s surface . newline a moment later it was no longer alone . behind it there were hundreds of others , eerily similar in form , racing along the original s path . newline  we should have never come here ,  i whispered but nothing but the silence of the moon replied .the red planet i mused to myself , silently observing the landing procedure the pilots insisted we follow to every stringent safety procedure . newline newline newline we had left earth twenty years ago , to this exact date . there was one generation that left , and in about an hours time , two generations will begin to live on mars . there was the standard quarrels of space travel  bathroom priority , period issues , and whether or not the satellite pointing towards the iss would be able to receive the latest sports updates . unfortunately for the men on the ship , the latter was not possible . the communications array , as far as all but myself and the captain were aware , was purely a relay between rp1 and the intercontinental space agency . the real use ? when we left , nasa were sure there were signs of intelligent life on mars . passing satellites kept picking up movement on the surface . even though the isa had removed nasa from a position of power , their claims still startled mission control . as such , three micronuclear warheads were stored among the habitation pods . if the signal was not kept with the iss , the bombs would detonate . it was a grim prospect , but myself and the captain believed that if the crew were unaware , they were very much less likely to weaponise the warheads themselves and stage an internal power war . newline newline newline i squeezed my son s hand firmly as the clunking of metal and the crunch of heavy objects crushing into coarse sand filled our ears . we had made it . as the only single mother on board , i was tasked with coordinating the children . though , i say single . the captain and i still speak , we are civil , we just know there was no plan for us to be in a relationship . i am a hydroponics engineer . he , the captain of the greatest expedition vessel in the known universe , did nt need extra issues . he spent time with henry enough , took his role as a father seriously , but there was no love between us . newline newline newline i maneuvered the children into the first connected hydroponics pod , allowing the mix of artificial and natural oxygen to fill their lungs  the plantations already converting the harsh , toxic martian air into breathable , usable oxygen . newline newline newline as the final segments of the structure were positioned , the slow beeping of the oxygen detectors slowed , to a steady hum from the lighting . the families departed , however as the hydroponics door slammed shut , we were plunged into darkness . a sudden shriek from the room beyond told us that they were too . but as my eyes met the captain s , we realised we had a bigger issue . at breakneck speed , we ran to the control panel . the landing craft was using most of the generators power , despite having its own onboard generators plus solar panels . we hastily switched off the connection , and were relieved beyond doubt when the satellite showed no sign of signal interruption . as the lighting throughout slowly flickered back to life , we made an announcement on the tannoy , apologising for the blackout , and promising to make a heartily serving of cheese on toast for all inhabitants in preparation for the daily exploration missions . newline newline  newline newline life carried on in a fairly routine fashion for about six weeks . three man teams would venture out , explore the surface , and place a clearly visible marker , normally a carbon rod , to display the point they had reached . however , on the anniversary of the 7th friday on the planet , only two explorers returned . both were out of breath , and visibly scared . newline newline newline  theres.. pit..strange..  one man struggled to say . newline  quick.. weapons.. followed  the other rasped . newline newline newline newline nobody knew what to make of it all , however the gravity of the situation dawned on us all when the third explorer s voice came on over the tannoy system . newline newline newline  friends , please . let them in . they only want to kill you  . newline his voice echoed throughout the habitat , but it was the slow sound of scraping metal and the hiss of escaping air that made us panic . newline newline  newline newline newline thought i d leave it on a cliffhanger because who needs a complete story .he checked all his instruments , for the seventh time that day . this was the fourth system he d scouted , and the fourth that had nt possessed what he was looking for . he ran the calculations on the terminal , then again in his head . he had enough life support , barely , to get home . newline newline there was another system . it was nt on any of his charts , he d checked six times . his mission had brought him farther then any had ever gone . he did nt think anyone knew about the system . it had the right kind of star . in fact , it was closer to the home star then any other ever recorded . he had the fuel to get there . newline newline but that was the rub , he had just enough fuel to get there . not enough oxygen , not enough water , not enough nutritionmass , not even enough reserve in the stasis pod . he could plot the course , and hope the computer got the info back . or he could go home . newline newline if he went home , they may not make it back in time . he had no idea if any of the other missions found anything , but felt that they had nt . in his mind , he felt like this system , completely unknown until now , was the best chance they had . newline newline with a grim determination , he recorded his final log , and loaded all the data into a message drone . he set up a burst transmission as well . he hoped that everything would make it back . newline newline then , when everything was done , he programmed the ship s final course . it would jump to the system , using momentum and gravity to sail through , and use the last of its fuel to do a jump in the right general direction of home . newline newline he set the life support to last as long as it could , activating the autopilot with the last of his consciousness .you walked into his office . you sat at your desk . every day . same routine . turn on computer , open your inbox , check for assignments . go home , go to sleep . except tonight . make a left turn . down the alley , to the right . there s the door . knock , no one answers . open it , it s unlocked . enter , see the table . take the rope out of your bag , tie it on the pipe . put the noose around your neck . this is it . one tear , rolls down to the floor . deep breath , and jump right as the light turns on . look up for your last sight to be your loved ones , all holding a birthday cake ... for you .salt foam thrashes and rolls around me , tumbling my battered body against rocks like razors . salt water screaming in my wounds i roll helplessly in the churning surf , desperately gasping air as i bob to the surface occasionally , choking and gagging on spray . water surges in my ears as i go under again and again , until something thumps against my back , knocking the last of my air out of my lungs in a gasp . my flailing arms thump against the object and desperately latch on to a thin trailing cord hanging from it . i haul myself up onto the dented aluminium packing case with feebly shaking arms , choking , my throat full of fire . newline newline i awaken on a hard packed sand beach , my fingers still locked tightly on the nylon rope handle of the packing case . cold rain lances at my face as i lay there panting and shivering , the breakers tugging at my ankles . i rise painfully to my feet , sodden workboots slogging through the saturated sand , i make my way up the beach . staggering and weaving though the shattered detritus of my fishing boat that litters the beach , i head towards the dark tree line . half blinded by sea spray and the deluge of the storm , the small , dayglo orange case that i stumble over almost escapes my attention and i have already passed it before i realise its value . i grab it and continue to the trees . they offer small shelter from the storm , the canopy shifts in the howling wind and with each movement a fresh glut of rain falls from the huge palm leaves , but it cuts most of the wind out and is better than nothing . leaning against one of the thicker trunks , i eventually manage to crack open the orange case with shaking hands that i can no longer feel and that barely obey my commands to move . i unfold the silver foil space blanket from the first aid kit , and wrap it around myself as best i can . i curl up into a ball and fall into an exhausted sleep . newline newline my head pounds . as i awaken more i become aware of other sensations , mostly pain . i manage to sit up groggily using the palm tree to prop myself upright . the shallow cuts on my hands from warding myself away from the rocks begin oozing blood a little again as i move them . the cuts look minor but they are encrusted with dirt . i clean them as best i can with a sterile pad from the first aid kit , and spray a little antiseptic on them . i fold the space blanket neatly and place it back in the kit , feeling a little better . newline newline the fine golden sand of the beach it littered with scraps of wood , bits of equipment and the occasional chunk of styrofoam from the coolers i had on board . picking through the fragments i collect everything that may still be useful and put it in a mostly intact styrofoam fish box that i have found . the blowlamp intense sun beats down on me like a physical weight as i drag my haul towards the trees and above the line of seaweed that denotes the high tide line and take stock of what i have . it is meagre indeed . a couple of power bars , three bottles of water and my small but well travelled suitcase . i retrieve my hat from the case and drape the clothing from the case over the scrubby bushes that dot the sand between the towering palms . they will need washing as soon as possible , my skin is already sore from the salt water in the clothes that i am currently in . next best thing though will be to let them dry and beat as much salt out of them as possible . newline newline as the day wears on , the tropical heat becomes more and more oppressive and mosquitoes buzz languidly in the the air . i slap at them as they land on me , and i force my way through the undergrowth in search of fresh water . the rule of threes in survival says that a man can go three minutes without air , three days without water and three weeks without food . my water supply will not last long , so i push further inland , sipping every once in a while from one of the bottles and nibbling a power bar . i know that mosquitoes need water to reproduce , so i am not overly surprised but am hugely grateful for the sound of gently trickling water . i follow the sound to a cool , crystalline stream and dip my head in the water . laughing like a madman i refill my empty water bottle . i have found where base camp will be until i can figure out a way off this place . i look around at the small clearing with its little stream and see in my minds eye where my shelter will go , where to dig the latrine , where to make a fire pit . maybe i can rig some kind of beacon on the beach with the space blanket as a reflector , but first i have to find a proper source of food . sitting against a tree , dappled sunlight warming my toes and the ground soft beneath my buttocks , i reflect that if i can find a suitable food source , i could even be happy here for a while . hell , maybe even delay setting up the beacon on the beach for a few weeks . newline newline a rustling in the bushes draws my attention and i freeze in place as a rabbit nuzzles between the leaves . it nibbles delicately from the lower branches , its back turned to me and partially screened from view by a curtain of foliage . newline newline i smile a predatory grin . dinner is served .this is nt supposed to be how the zombie apocalypse happens . there s supposed to be news stories about a virus on tv . it s supposed to start overseas , spread here , and take days to work its way across the country . in all the zombie apocalypse fantasies we had joked about , we thought we would have some warning . i m not supposed to be chased down by my neighbor , who normally hobbles along slowly as he walks his schnauzers . when i first pulled on to my street and frank literally ran up to my car , i thought his wife was dying or something , and maybe he needed me to call 911 . it was dark . and i had never seen anyone sprint like that  certainly not frank . but when i rolled down my passenger window to ask him if everything s okay , he lunged for me and made this awful growling sound . i floored the gas pedal , frank fell to the ground , and i drove to the end of our street . when i got out of my car to run inside , he was hot on my heels . what the hell ? ! newline newline i slammed the front door closed , barely locking the deadbolt before frank s body thudded against it with stunning force , before he started frantically jiggling the handle . my heart was pounding out of my chest , i stumbled backward and tripped over 4 of our friend s pairs of shoes . my 75yearold neighbor s face appeared at the dark window , and i screamed again . and that s when i finally saw his bloodshot eyes , dark crimson circles under his eyes , deep scratches and distinct bite marks on his bloody neck , and frank s mouth was dripping with foamy , bloody saliva . he hammered on the window with his hands . newline newline i heard laughter coming from the basement . game night ! my husband and his friends were supposed to be playing with the new playstation vr headset he got for christmas . i sprinted to the basement stairs , and nearly tripped as i ran to the entertainment room in the basement where the laughter is coming from . they re playing the resident evil 7 demo . the guys laughed again as some terrifying creature attacked the vr character , and our friend wearing the headset shouted and laughed at whatever surprise had just happened onscreen . newline newline i took one second to catch my breath before i shouted  something is wrong with frank ! ! he chased my car , down on the street corn r , and i thought he needed help , but he attacked me ! sprinted after my car , all the way home ! ! ! ! i think he s a zombie or something ! what do we do ? ? we do nt have guns in the house   newline newline smiles faded as everyone looked at me , then slowly shifted their gaze back to the vr game . mario picked up another piece of pizza . my husband walked over and whispered ,  frank chased your car down the street ... ? that guy is slower than dsl internet .  his friends chuckle .  that s a funny prank and all , but honey , we re kind of busy here .  newline newline our friend squealed and swiped at the creepy lady on the screen as everyone on the couch laughed . i hate horror games . i hate suspense . i hate all that shit . and now that it s literally happening 20 feet from this very spot , i m about to lose it . frank continued to slam his fists into the glass . newline newline  i m serious ! ! listen ! can you hear that ? ? that s frank at the window and he wants to kill me ! he had bite marks and scratches on his neck , bloodshot eyes , and he was foaming at the mouth ! i think this is the zombie apocalypse ! stop playing the game and come look   newline newline sounds from the game made frank s attempts to break the window seem like sound effects on our surround sound .  .we re having a lot of fun here , but this joke you re playing is kind of lame .  newline newline something happened in the game and everyone laughed at our terrified friend . my husband went to sit by his friends again . my husband had his phone out , probably recording the game demo and reactions to upload to his youtube channel . newline newline  i m not making this up ! ! !  they laughed at me . they freaking laughed at me . newline newline i tried to think . we do nt have guns . the axe is in the garage . and we have the large block of knives on our kitchen counter . i m a girl with pathetic upperarm strength , and what i really need is our tall zombieenthusiast buddy trevor to handle it , but he s deeply invested in this vr game .  damn it trevor , this is your dream come true . there is literally a zombie trying to break in upstairs ! ! !  newline newline they snickered at how  convincing  i was being and went back to their game . my husband gave me a stern look . apparently i was going to need to handle this myself . i thought of our sleeping children two floors up . oh , god . the pounding had stopped . did he leave ? were we safe ? is he now attacking a neighbor taking out their trash ? i dialed 911 on my cell as i sprinted upstairs , toward the knife block , and grabbed the cleaver . newline newline my tired son stood at the top of the stairs to the second floor , rubbing his eyes .  ... mom ?  newline newline sounds of laughter echoed up the stairway from the basement . a rush of cold january air blew in , as the back door thudded open against the wall . my heart stopped , and the air seemed to be sucked out of my lungs . frank stood in the doorway , illuminated by the flood light in our back yard , as i dropped my phone to the floor .two clove footed succubi lay in the bed in the center of the red tinted trashed room . say what you will about hell being a place of eternal suffering . but for the early adopters , satan , and the rest of his demons , this was paradise . the sex , the drugs , the parties  they never seemed to end . and in the middle of the bed , between these vixens of hatred and lust lay dorian . the resident embodiment of envy and greed . he was never satisfied . if you had it , he wanted it . the phone on the bed side began to rang . through his long black hair , dorians green eyes opened , rolled over illustra  the succubus to his left  and stared at the screen . hit silent . went back to bed . illustra who was that ? newline dorian no body , dont worry about it newline illustra rolled over and checked the phone . 1 missed call from kyile .  whose kyile  newline dorian who the fuck cares newline illustra it s not enough that i brought my friend ? now you re getting a call from kyile ? newline dorian its a work call newline illustra a girl named kyile is calling the lord of envy and greed ? why ? please do explain newline dorian rolled over , pulled his hair back at of his face . his emerald eyes were as striking as the jet black locks that now cascaded over his shoulders . newline teenage girls are going to be the bane of my existence , on all of god s green earth , i dont think he ever created a more envious and sinful creature quite as vindictive as the teenage girl . it s prom season , i m going to let this one going to voice mail . i m not on call for another couple of hours .  the needs of the many ...   the words echoed through sacre s head as she crawled desperately towards the device , leaving a smear of blood behind her . as she did , she felt the darkness coming for her . it took her and dragged her down as she reached for the crystal that would stop the holocaust . as her eyes closed , she saw her hand falling short . newline newline she knelt beside her father s casket . crying that he would never return . she felt noon s hand on her shoulder .  he died a good death sacre . a true paladin .  she shoved his hand off ,  why !  she shouted at him .  all i wanted was for him to come home , he ...  her words were broken by tears .  he promised he would play with me , like he always did .  noon knelt , taking her hands .  i m sure he wanted to do that , however , we are paladins . our lives our not our own , we give them in the service of others . this is the truest and deepest meaning of being a paladin . this is not to say that we throw our lives away foolishly or recklessly . we do not sell our lives cheaply . your father understood this , and you will too someday .   newline newline the image of noon faded from sacre s mind as she recalled all the other times she had heard him say something similar . it flashed through her training as a paladin , when they had put the golden armor on her , and finally landing on her wedding day . geppeto had been so handsome that day , her heart had been overwhelmed with joy . but she could feel the moment slipping by , running , rushing , forward . less then a year later , she felt the pain of giving birth to her daughter . she had been through month long torture sessions that had been less painful . however , she loved her daughter . she did not want to leave her alone in the world , like her father had left her .  newline newline the memory of that birth last summer was the last image before the searing pain returned . she opened her eyes slowly . childbirth had been hard , but leaving her would be even harder . sacre glanced around the room , the dead bodies of her strike team around her . if she just let go , then perhaps , just perhaps she might survive . no one would blame her , she had tried and failed . newline newline however , the pulsed softly above her , speeding up as the weapon prepared to destroy the entire city except for the people who were in this room . newline newline she was temped for a moment to just let it fire and survive for her daughter . however , the last half of the line echoed in her ear .   ..outweigh the needs of the one .   newline newline with a last great effort , she stood , she felt a painful sensation in her belly as she did so , fresh blood gushing out of the wound . she thrust her hands into the magical field and clutched the crystal . the white hot pain as the flesh of her hands fused to the crystal caused her to scream . she let herself fall backwards , pulling the crystal out with her . newline newline the energy contained in the cystal pulsed and flashed , no long directed as it had been . sacre did not hear the scream of pain that was ripped out of her . the agony of her body absorbing more energy then it was ever capable of holding coursed through her . her blood felt like fire . she emotions and feelings of the city surrounding her filled her mind as her powers were amplified a thousandfold . for the longest moment , sacre felt not only her own pain , but theirs as well . then there was the sensation as if something in her brain had been blown out and she felt their emotions no more , only pain . newline newline so this is what it s like having your soul shredded .  sacre thought in a brief moment of lucidity . newline newline the next sensation was sight , the image of the crystal and the harsh light it threw on the scene was burned into her mind forever . geppeto , dead . lucian , dead . jacob , kind jacob , dead . vane , dead . their mangled corpses intermingled with the final defenders of the device . then suddenly , painful inky blackness , blackness forever . newline newline with sight gone , touch was next . her body felt as if it was wreathed in flames , each one licking at her but not consuming her body . the stone floor was hard and cold , offering no comfort in her last moments . then there was nothing , just pain . for the briefest moment , she could hear herself screaming with agony . then there was nothing , just the pain . then there was nothing .i grunted as i hauled the last box of tide for the day over to the dock . jason was there , waiting to take it from me and stack it in the back of the delivery truck . or he would be if he were nt so absorbed with playing 2048 . newline newline  jesus , dude ,  i said .  put the goddamn phone down .  newline newline he held up a finger and muttered ,  i ve got a 1024 and a 512 . almost done ...  newline newline  what the fuck ,  i said , and turned , looking for freddy , the manager . he was reading something on his phone on the far end of the staging area .  freddy !  i called .  can you get over here and deal with this guy , please ?  newline newline he held up a finger just as i felt something in my back give . actinic pain shot up my spine and i threw up while i went down . the box hit the floor along with the side of my head , and i felt something crack . i could feel a warm wetness saturating my hair . dimly , i heard jason and freddy shouting and running over to me . newline newline  ca nt ... ca nt move my legs ,  i said stupidly . newline newline  jesus christ , bobby ,  ed said .  this tide shit s leaking . it s coming out of your pay . so s the cleaning bill .  newline newline  that was some funny shit , though ,  jason said .  wish i d gotten a video .  newline newline they laughed .i enjoyed reading articles about the modern understanding of sensory functions . i understood quite intimately how these senses worked . ever accidentally turn off your monitor and freak out about how to fix it ? when i was young , i had done this with my own eyes . my childhood was traumatic , but i have grown more powerful and wise now that i know so much more about this ability . newline newline i can turn off a sense to improve other senses . still , this was merely used as a hobby . i would watch films in silence . i would often avoid the smell of my backyard while working outside . i also had two amazing dogs that were dear to me , but they do make a mess . i also can fake being drunk really well , by disabling my balance . newline newline i was , admittedly , getting more ambitious and risky in my use of my ability . i pushed the button on the traffic light pole . i then turned off my eyes . traffic was light , but it was a real thrill crossing the street blind . my other senses enhanced almost immediately . newline newline i could smell the food from the family restaurant on the corner . i could hear the conversations across the street . i could taste the air which was light with pollution . i heard walking and a car stopping . i had asked the city to add a sound for safe crossing . i could manage ok without it , however . at first , i heard was a soft scrape of rubber on concrete . i had little time to guess how fast it was or where it was . i really wished electric cars were louder .most of my life is a dream . whenever the real world threatens to pass me by in a great responsible hurry , i just smile politely and say , wait up for me a moment , i ll just be a few . with a push of my finger the reporter on the morning news is caught mid blink making her look half asleep , particles of dust are held visible in a stream of light from my window , i know time is frozen because the birds have taken a breather from their dawn choruses . you do nt know quiet until you re the only thing in the world making noise . there s no way to tell how much time passes before it all starts up again , before the hour , minute , and second hands resume their tireless journey around the face of a clock . but i do nt care much to know . all i know is that i ca nt sleep better through all the night than i can in that space of time between times . in that place where only i exist , after the snooze button , and before the crash of sound for when it all comes back to life . you flooded it ! newline newline  i did not ! that is not the sound of a flooded engine . newline newline  well , you did something to it . it was nt like this when i lent it to you to run to town . what was so important that you had to fuck up my car anyway ? newline newline  nothing ! i was just getting my medication , fuck i thought you of all people would understand . newline newline  well , shit . we may be stranded here till it gets light out , i ca nt do anything in the dark like this . newline newline  i did nt even want to go camping , and look what we got into . newline newline  hey , this is your fault , you fucked my car up . newline newline  ... newline newline  so how many pills did you grab anyway ? newline newline  just a few newline newline  a few ? like how much is a few ? 2 ? newline newline  yeah , 2 . why ? newline newline  cuz i m running low is all . newline newline  well how much is running low ? newline newline  none , i m all out . i thought we d be on the road by now but someone ... newline newline  hey , relax , just take 1 of mine , it s fine . we ll camp out an extra night . newline newline newline so now we both had one pill each that we swallowed with a swig of beer . except , i did nt really swallow mine . i do nt need it anyway . i know how my brother gets , and he may need these both . honestly , he s the crazy one . i m just on ziprasidone because i m the creative type , you know ? doctors do nt understand us creative types . newline newline newline the night goes on an my brother starts building a fire while i try to look for any damaged fuses . frustrated , i give up and throw a few logs on the fire an crack a beer . newline newline newline that s when i start to notice it . he s just staring in to the fire , and he has this crazy look in his eyes . i swear , i can hear him whispering things . or someone s whispering something , but i do nt see anyone else here but me and him . newline newline newline  he s sick , i need to heal him newline newline newline in an almost simultaneous effort , me and my brother both stand and it s clear that there s a moment of hesitation , but then i hear it , a whisper newline newline newline  heal him , only you can newline newline newline so i pull the pill i saved from my pocket and lunge for his face but he s lurching towards me . his hand is grabbing for my eye sockets , but i shove my two fingers with the ziprasidone into his mouth . dumb mistake  he bites down hard until i can feel his teeth on my finger bones . newline newline newline he spits out the pill and gives me a strong left hook that reels me to the ground . at this point he s straddling me and trying his best to hold me own . i m inches away form the fire and can feel my skin drying and my hair singeing . he tries to shove something into my mouth , but i spit it out as i flip him over my left side , directly into the fire . newline newline newline i do nt care anymore , let us burn together . newline newline newline  sickness , only the fires can heal . our screams are only our sins leaving . finally , rest . newline newline newline newlinethe watering hole was busy , and that was good . the winter had been short . spring had skipped out almost entirely , and the valley was racing to catch up with the heat of the early summer . from her perch on the ledges above , temitani counted not one or two , but three dozen buffalo and elk . intermingled with the larger animals , the edges of the lake seemed to pulsate as one huge and insurmountable beast . newline newline newline temitani felt the hair raise on the back of her neck as the static of excitement spread over her body . this would be excellent news to take back to the encampment . though the winter had nt lasted long , it had been incredibly brutal  news that their food source had weathered it favorably was a blessing . the elder would be overjoyed to hear it , and would send the hunting party out to slaughter as many as they could for the ceremony that night . newline newline newline her stomach grumbled . temitani quieted it with her open palm . she knew that when she returned to camp that there would be no time to eat . she would have to join her bothers and sisters in preparing for the festival before the other tribes arrived . it was a tradition she held no adoration for , and though she hated every moment of it , she knew she d have to do it . her eyes grazed the watering hole again . that s when she spotted it . newline newline newline the little elk was far from the edge of the water . its mouth tested the leaves of the new growth that had sprouted along the edge of the canyon walls with a sort of fevered urgency . as it tasted from the wide selection it would spit out anything thorny and bitter , it s thick pink tongue flicking in and out like a fish . temitani giggled to herself , and her stomach rumbled again . her lips pursed . she was going for it . newline newline newline the ledge on which she had been sitting was not so far above the valley floor , and sloped gently enough that she was able to step quickly down . the last ten feet she had to jump but , thanks to the recent explosion of grass , she landed with a dense thud . the little elk had not heard her , busy as it was with its late breakfast . she readied her spear and crept forward : she was late for breakfast , too . newline newline newline careful not to make a sound as she inched her way forward , choosing her footing among the fresh twigs and branches . a thorny stick found its way underfoot only once , and with a huge effort temitani was able to choke back her pain into a soft whine . the elk s ears perked , but he did not move . she was nearly upon him , and she readied her spear . she saw her reflection in his eyes , and he froze . newline newline newline then her stomach unleashed a deafening howl , and the elk broke into a run .  no !  temitani shouted , forgetting all caution as she raced after it . she wanted desperately to chuck her spear and bring it down , but she only had one throw . one chance . she had to be sure .  no no no !  the elk was racing towards the watering hole , but temitani kept up the chase . he was hers . she would get him . a blind fervor overtook her as she ran . the wind whipped past her hair , pulling strands from the knob she kept tied at the back . she would get him . newline newline it was not meant to be . the elk she pursued reached the edge of the hole and soon the entire group was alerted to her presence . in one sweeping movement , the pulsing body of animals was alive . it fled , braying and barking and snorting , a stampede of hoofs and horns . this was bad , temitani knew . the hunters would be furious . she d scared away the food . and the festival ... newline newline newline a thundering crack snatched her from her thoughts . for an instant , the stampede froze . temitani s eyes scanned the horizon . thunder ? another crack and she whirled around to face the mountains behind her . the ice caps had begun to slide . huge chunks of snow and ice began to break free . temitani gaped as the snow trickled towards the valley , before it clicked in her mind . newline newline newline she ran . the animals around her ran . and as they ran , the thunder came rushing after them . newline newline it is metaphysically impossible ,  said pins . the woman who had introduced herself as paris theseus mctavish lounged in the chaise across from martin , her fingertips peaked just before her sneer . she took a moment to adjust the assorted tied off bandanas that held her good luck charms off of her bondage belt before continuing .  to be honest , that s the dumbest thing i ve heard leak from the murky orifices of that tumor you call a brain , down your nerves and out through that forked protuberance hiding behind your stupid grin . so far , anyway .  newline newline martin s grin widened .  see ? so you admit this whole supernatural business is rubbish then ?  he had pulled over on the side of the road to help this woman after he d spotted her running across the freeway . after two near misses , he was surprised to find she was not stark raving mad . just slightly insane . she had introduced herself formally , started to buckle herself in but stopped and said ,  call me pins .  after that she launched into a story about how rotten her luck was . martin thought she seemed reasonable enough . such that he could take her to his third favorite coffee shop to try and suss out her story , and two hours and much conversation later , there they were . newline newline  i never said that ,  said pins .  it s just that you can not summon an angel . ca nt be done .  newline newline  but you can summon demons ?  needled martin . newline newline pins yawned like a cat , and inspected her fingernails . martin noticed a black rabbits foot dangling from a bracelet on her wrist .  of course , but why would you ever want to ?  newline newline  alright , so why do nt you just summon a demon or whatever to fix your luck ?  newline newline  that only works in cheesy horror flicks and bad novels ,  said pins . she took a swig from a flask she spirited out of her hoodie . martin caught a faint whiff of whiskey and sage from across the coffee table .  demons are agents of chaos . their very existence is an affront to the natural order of the world .  she adjusted the horseshoe hanging from the necklace she wore .  i m cursed martin . any demon is just going to make things worse . besides , they almost never hold up their end of any bargain .  newline newline martin tried not to laugh at the woman s superstitions .  sure , sure ... and that s why you have a death wish .  newline newline pins spoke in slow measured tones .  first , i ve been selling luck for years . trust me when i say i know what i m talking about .  she raised a finger with each point .  second , luck is merely a manipulation of probabilities  forcing outcomes to go your way by a medley of forces , to include will , physical energy , and metaphysical confluences . if you desire something and have good luck and a sound plan , that desire can become reality . my desire for self destruction is only kept at bay because i no longer have any good luck whatsoever . in fact , i ve got enough bad luck stocked up that it s only through a constant longing for an aneurysm that i m able to function right now .  newline newline martin shook his head , but did not interrupt . pins  scowl deepened as she said ,  third , i m here with you right now because this is the most likely life path where i suffer a long and painful death . whatever goal you ve set out to achieve is almost certain to bring about my utter destruction . i ran the numbers . i did the rituals . that book you ve got in your backpack is trouble with a capital t , and i want to help you take care of it until i figure out how to get rid of this curse .  newline newline martin absently clutched the strap of the backpack at his feet . he felt a subtle surge of some unseen force in the tips of his fingers , and back of his mind . he had nt mentioned the book . nor had he mentioned the strange archive he d found it in , beneath the santa carla library or the strange way it drew him to it ...  you still have nt answered my question . why ca nt you summon an angel or something to just magic away the curse ?  newline newline pins curled her legs under herself , as if preparing to pounce .  folks summon angels all the time . thing is , if they answer they fall . since people are capricious and flawed , any force of natural law that answers to their will is by necessity as fallen as them . this is fine with little things like spells and the kinds of junk i peddle , but when it comes to celestial beings , what pops out of the summoning circle is nt an angel per se . i m not going to summon a demon , and i sure as thunder am not going to summon a devil .  she winced as she realized the certainty behind what she had said .  i mean , now i have to want to summon a devil someday to prevent it from happening , but what s one more unhealthy desire for the list ?  newline newline pins rose from her chair and walked over to martin . she took his hand and placed it around her neck .  kill me , please . if you re not going to do that , make a decision about that damned book and let s be on with it . i m here to help by hurting , through hell or high water . hopefully both .  newline newline  why do nt you just take the book and leave me alone ?  as soon as he said the words a niggling fear lunged forward within martin s mind . he realized he did not want pins to take the book , or at the very least that he should not want her to . regardless , pins shook her head . newline newline  any plan i come up with is certain to result in almost the complete opposite result . giving me that book would mean the absolute destruction of this miserable reality as we know it , no matter what kind of action i decided . just lucky like that .  her scowl softened and martin realized he was still holding her neck .  look , i hoped for the worst and here we are . it s on you to hope for the best if that s what you want , but i ca nt tell you what i think that would be . i ca nt even risk trying to come up with a safe way to deal with that thing , lest we risk those hopes getting spoiled by my cursed luck . so here we are . this whole thing is counterintuitive , i know . regardless , i want you to realize how much trouble you re in because of that book . i was luckier playing live action frogger on the freeway than i am in your company . take a moment and think about what that means for you . then tell me , what are we going to do about it ? the spider in sunlight . newline newline a spider sat in sunlight newline basking tranquil on a rock newline and a moth flew down at this unusual sight newline he said  spider , this is curious newline you shouldn  t be here now ! newline spiders hide inside their web until the night.  newline newline the spider simply smiled newline he said  moth don  t gen  ralize . newline i may be a spider , but not like any spider you have seen . newline for one , my web is welcoming newline and i enjoy the morning sun newline and i don  t eat other insects , for t is mean !  newline newline the moth was quite surprised newline while the spider said  it  s true ! newline so leave me here in peace do not rude !  newline  i am sorry  said the moth newline embarrassed to be sure newline  but i  ve never met a spider who did not think of me as food  newline newline  then sit with me a while  newline said the spider to the moth newline  have a little trust and you may just make a friend  newline so the moth flew to the spider newline where they sat upon the rock newline the moth said  spider you were right , i didn  t mean to condescend  newline newline the spider smiled charmingly newline as he bit into the moth newline saying  never doubt when logic says to run newline for nature dictates what we are.  newline and the moth knew he was food . newline he was right and he sat paralyzed , dying in the sun oh , also  does it matter how much i owe ? as a genie ca nt you just clear them using your geniemagic ?  newline newline  well , no . it does nt really work like that . i d have to call the banks and get a payoff amount  newline newline  right , but they re not monetary .  newline newline  yeah , i heard you say that . i m just explaining since you asked . usually you have to pay the interest that you own through the day we decide to pay off the loan . also there might be a prepayment penalty with some loans . the whole process is nt too bad if you just tell me you re ready now . i can probably make some calls . shoot , the banks are closed right now . we ll have to wait until monday and circle back .  newline newline  alright , i get it . like i said , the debts are nt monetary , so it s not really an issue .  newline newline  you do nt have any financial debts ?  newline newline  no .  newline newline  really , how ?  newline newline  i just do nt . it s like i keep saying  there are other sorts of debts . i make a lot of promises . you know  marriage vows , military oaths , legal contracts , election promises , different affirmations . that sort of thing .  newline newline  can i see your wallet ?  newline newline  oh my god , fine . here .  newline newline  you have like 4 credit cards in here !  newline newline  one of those is a best buy reward zone card .  newline newline  you actually carry that around ?  newline newline  yeah , of course . you get free geek squad setup for anything you buy .  newline newline  alright , but what about these two visas and this american express .  newline newline  what about them ?  newline newline  they re credit cards ! do you use them ?  newline newline  yeah , of course . why else would i carry them around ?  newline newline  well do you owe any money on them ?  newline newline  what do you mean ?  newline newline  you use them to pay for things , right ?  newline newline  that s what they re for .  newline newline  okay , so when you use them to pay for things , you pay the credit card company back the money , right ?  newline newline  i do nt follow .  newline newline  when you use these you have to pay the money back .  newline newline  you do ?  newline newline  yes ! how often do you use these ?  newline newline  every day , pretty much . that s how i got the lamp you came out of just now .  newline newline  how much was that ? just curious .  newline newline  they wanted  40 , but i talked them down to  30 .  newline newline  that s it ? ! i m worth way more than that ! people have killed for this lamp !  newline newline  sorry man , but it s almost lunch . can we just get back to clearing my debts ?  newline newline  fine . but i ca nt believe you got this thing for  30  that s bullshit . alright , dude  i m going to level with you . from talking to you for the last couple of minutes i can tell you that you definitely have monetary debts , and they re probably significant .  newline newline  well , i did nt really come here for financial advice . what are you , rpersonalfinance ?  newline newline  there s nothing wrong with being financially responsible .  newline newline  i bought you for  30 .  newline newline  touch .  newline newline  look man , can you just start with my marriage vows and we can go from there ? maybe if we have time we can tackle this whole credit card thing you keep harping on .  newline newline  you want to cancel your marriage vows ?  newline newline  i do nt want to cancel them , i just want to walk them back a bit . you know  clear out some of the promises i made . you know , you get up there on the wedding day and there s a lot of pressure . you just sort of say what you think sounds good , then you get nervous , and all of a sudden you re making all kinds of promises you ca nt keep .  newline newline  you did nt write your wedding vows down beforehand ?  newline newline  no , i wanted it to seem sincere .  newline newline  what did you say ?  newline newline  the regular stuff . i take her to be my wife . in sickness and in health .  newline newline  and you re still good with that part , right ?  newline newline  yeah . that part is good . and then the love and honor thing , and that i d share her dreams , build a life , and so on .  newline newline  still good .  newline newline  yeah still good . but like i said , you start going through that list of things , and everyone s looking at you and wondering what else you ll say , and you start to panic . i mean , you do nt want to leave anything out .  newline newline  right , so what else did you say ?  newline newline  well toward the end there , i said that i would always pay for the extra guacamole no matter what .  newline newline  oh no .  newline newline  yeah , and it was fine for a while , but with everything that s going on you can see what the issue is .  newline newline  oh no .  newline newline  i know ! i panicked ! can you fix this ? !  newline newline  the avocado thing , or the extra guacamole thing ?  newline newline  well shit , i had nt really thought that far ahead . which would you do ?  newline newline  i d probably do the avocado thing , honestly . but that means i ca nt clear these debts .  newline newline  yeah , but guacamole man .  newline newline  yeah , this is a tough call . i mean , it s really up to you . like i said , it sounds like you have a lot of monetary debt .  newline newline  i still do nt really get all that , but maybe let s do the avocado thing . seems like the better move .  newline newline  it s really probably not , but i can do it .  newline newline  yeah let s do it .  newline newline  alright , done .  newline newline  done ?  newline newline  yep .  newline newline  you did nt have to make any calls or anything like you would have for the debts ?  newline newline  nope .  newline newline  fucking banks .  newline newline  totally .  men , women , and any other terrestrial life we may have as crew on this vessel , it has been an honor serving alongside all of you . unfortunately , we ca nt steer our vessel away from the objective , and we are now on a collision course . we still have a comm system , and i would use this time to say farewell to your loved ones and friends . escape pods are still functional , but unable to launch due to jams and power failures throughout the ship , as well as glitches in the ships power systems and other electrical grids . this is your captain telling you at ease  , crew . one last time . signing off . newline they did nt train us for this . newline as i disembarked with the other soldiers , i felt an oppressive presence throughout the camp . newline i could sense the ghosts that remained . newline they floated on the air , newline they made the buildings look gray and worn down . newline i saw a group of prisoners walk past us in a line . newline they were old and their shriveled and wrinkled hands were holding the small hands of children . newline it must have been them . newline they were the ghosts . newline i could almost see through their paper skin and into the dark souls that were trapped inside their bodies . newline an older man smiled in an attempt to comfort the little girl who was crying beside him . newline many of his teeth had gold crowns . newline we were told that this camp was for the monsters  newline the worst type of humanity . newline but all i saw were spent , sickly shades whose feet barely left the ground as they were led into a building at the end of the street . newline newline the train whistle snapped me back into the land of the living newline and i saw the other soldiers leaving me behind . newline we walked past the assembly lines and into the commandant s office . newline  guten tag .  newline she was an angel with peircing blue eyes and dusty blond hair . newline she was startingly beautiful , but something was missing in her eyes . newline the oppressive force was oozing from her . newline it was an effort to look into her eyes and snap the salute . newline  i am oberstleutnant riemann . welcome to camp xxx .  newline  who is the ranking officer here ?  newline realizing that that was myself , i weakly uttered , newline  ah ... that would be me . sir !  newline  gut . we ve begun dismissing the nonessential visitors to make room for the next shipment .  newline visitors ... newline  please , tell me you re here to do something about the dust .  newline the dust  the haze that covered the camp and left a greasy film on any undisturbed surfaces . newline i brushed some from my sleeve and replied with more confidence , newline  ja , our orders are to relieve the housekeepers and assist in maintaining the camp s furnaces .  newline this seemed to please her . newline  very gut . you will report to me every morning at 0700 hours and assist in collecting our visitors for their departure .  newline  since we ve begun , we ca nt seem to keep the cleanliness of the camp in order . you have permission to have some of our more ablebodied guests assist you in keeping the barracks and offices clean . take the sick , the children , and the elderly to the facility for final departure . leutnant strummer will be able to answer any questions you may have . dismissed .  newline newline i led my men back the way we came down to the building at the end of the street . newline the ghosts were swarming around the foreboding facility . a sweat broke in the small of my back and i brushed some more dust off my hand . it left a greasy smudge . newline newline  leutnant strummer , leutnant obermann reporting for duty . how may we be of assistance to you .  newline strummer , a stocky , muscular specimen of a man , handsome even , barely looked up from the book he was reading at his desk . he pointed to some mops brooms assembled against the wall next to buckets and rags . newline  sweep up suites 1 , 2 , 4 , and 7 .  newline i was confused a little confused , but directed the others to do as we had been instructed . newline we picked up the mops and brooms and followed the arrows painted on the floors to suite 1 . newline newline the room smelled like bacon and ... something else . there were mountains of dust on the floor that reached up to a meter towards the center of the large , cavernous room . newline i divided the group into four squads and we began to sweep the dust in the corners towards the center of the room . newline that s when i noticed the sound . every step ellicited a soft crunch . this dust was not normal dust . newline i stepped on something the size of a small marble . when i reached down to pick it up , i cried out in shock . newline newline it was a gold tooth . newline newline then , it occurred to me that our dustpans were slotted . newline useless for collecting dust . newline newline newline the visitors  who had passed us earlier were not being dismissed  . newline the dust  was not the dust that comes from years of inattention . newline the others began to come up with more : gold teeth , jewelry , glass eyes , lockets ... newline newline as i held the gold in my hands a gust of wind kicked up a puff of dust and i heard what sounded like a child crying . but she sounded like she was a thousand miles away . newline the ghosts were born here and they did not leave . newline i knelt down and began to sob . i heard someone vomit . newline newline mein got .  newline newline they did nt train us for this . i had spent a few weeks making a list of classes that i wanted to take and finding combinations of them that would work for a reasonable schedule . i always liked that part about college . newline newline i walked to the rec center where my first class of the day was ,  the art of billiards  . an easy blowoff class , i know , but i was hustled by some pretty little thing at the pool hall last night and my pride still stung a little . i wanted to make sure it did nt become a regular thing . newline newline i walk into the billiard room and see andy dick in short shorts bent over the table lining up a shot . newline newline oh god no . newline newline he sees me and says  you must be shane ! you re the only student i have this semester so it ll be just the two of us having soooo much fun together ! so how about that trump guy ? he seems like president material am i right ? and can you believe that some people are still vaccinating their children , even with all of the proof that vaccines cause autism ? hold on , let me get a selfie with you for my insta ... shane , where are you going ?  fear not , law abiding citizens ! evil will never prevail while i  m around to stop it !  newline newline loki turned slowly , tightening his grip on his scepter . newline newline  aquaman . i had no idea that you could stray so far from the water . how tiresome ,  loki purred , his horned , golden helmet magically appearing on top of his head . behind him , a few spectators clapped at the display . newline newline  you better leave these people in peace , loki , or i  ll punch you from here to the sargasso sea , you son of a whale shark !  newline newline loki cocked his head , his eyes gleaming manically . newline newline  leave  im alone ! his father never loved him !  someone in the crowd shouted out . a few people tittered nervously . newline newline  silence , puny mortals !  loki roared ,  i will punish you properly after i have dealt with this nuisance.  newline newline the tittering of the crowd increased and there was the sound of nervous female giggling . newline newline  by neptune  s trident , i swear that i will not let you harm these people !  newline newline  won  t you ? and how will you stop me ? i am a god , you fool , what can you do to me ? attack me with a fish ?  loki jeered , some of the crowd copied him . aquaman put his hands on his hips , striking a defiant pose . newline newline  i control all the creatures of the sea , loki . all of them and , by golly , i  m not afraid to do just that , right now !  newline newline the crowd let out a bored groan , but loki was watching him intently now . newline newline  you overreach yourself , you have forgotten that you are just a pathetic man in an illfitting costume with a talent that is , quite frankly , revolting . there is nothing you can do to stop me , your threats are empty , your very existence pointless.  newline newline aquaman shook his head patronisingly . newline newline  i know a certain serpent that might disagree with you . he  s asleep at the bottom of the ocean right now , but i can wake him up . jormungand will put an end to your evil schemes !  newline newline loki stepped backwards as his eyes widened in shock . newline newline  you , you dare ! you threaten me with ragnarok , with the destruction of the world itself , just to save a few paltry human lives ? you  re an imbecile ,  loki said in a dazed voice as he lowered his scepter with a bewildered expression . newline newline  get him , loki !  a women in the crowd yelled , but loki appeared to be too dejected to even scowl at her impudence . newline newline  you  re a moron , a halfwitted fool , who has accidentally stumbled across the world  s greatest weapon ,  loki said quietly , he looked like he was about to vomit . the helmet disappeared from his head .  listen well , aquaman , i will return and when i do you will learn how to show respect to a god.  with one last sickened glare , loki disappeared , dematerialising in a spark of light . newline newline the crowd began to boo , quietly at first , but with increasing volume as more and more people joined in . newline newline  citizens ! your thanks are unnecessary , but much appreciated !  aquaman grinned , raising his hand to wave at the crowd . newline newline the booing got louder , but aquaman didn  t seem to notice .they were all crowding around me . all with devices in their hands : phones , tablets , phablets , laptops  even a couple of dudes at the back with desktop computers . and , unbelievably , someone had brought their toilet to sit on while he scrolled his phone . i was wondering how the bloody hell he d got it here before , for the umpteenth time , someone asked me ,  what s the password ?  newline newline  for fuck s sake ,  i said ,  for the last bloody time , it s 1234 .  newline newline i d narrowed in on the teenager who asked just as he was opening his mouth for the next statement . newline newline  you know that s a lowstrength password , right ?  he asked , oblivious to the fact that my rage was about to overflow . newline newline as soon as i saw red the crowd suddenly let out a huge collective groan . newline newline  wifi s not working ,  said the kid , tapping away . newline newline  well sooorry ,  i replied , laying on the sarcasm thick .  it s not my fault . i still do nt know why i m a wifi hotspot .  newline newline the collective grumbling and mumbling slowly built to a loud roar . people were pissed . a few had obviously had their porn videos stopped premature of the climax , while others had websites cut out midload . there were a few that were smart and had spent their time being connected to download what they wanted  but they were few and far between . newline newline people started shouting in angst , but one voice sounded over them all . newline newline it was that fucking kid . newline newline  what if we turn him off and turn him on again ?  he d finally looked up from his tablet . his most striking feature , funnily enough , was a bowl cut . newline newline  you really are an idiot  i m a fucking human being ,  i said . newline newline  it s worth a shot ,  he replied . newline newline that , funnily enough , seemed to strike a chord with the crowd . newline newline  yeah !  someone said .  turn him off and turn him on again !  newline newline  yeah right guys ,  i laughed ,  good luck with that .  newline newline the crowd seemed to digest these words and it simmered with them for thirty second . newline newline then the kid  that fucking kid  let out a war cry i though was incapable for his weedy body and the mob followed suit . the roar was raised  the crowd rushed forward . bodies pushed in on me from all sides . oxygen seemed to leave me . i gasped and screamed and screamed but soon enough someone clubbed me on the head and all i saw next was black .i remember it well , the sun . the warmth gently kissing your cheek as your face is profiled by the by its incandescence . newline newline that was years ago . newline newline i have forgotten light . not that fluorescent bullshit that people call light , but true light . newline newline i have forgotten warmth . not the emptiness of a cold embrace , but actual warmth . newline newline everything is dark and i dream of day at night , and i dream of day during the day . newline newline wander , we all aimlessly wander . the cold aimlessly follows . where do we go ? what do we do ? i dream . dreams are all that keep me awake . food is diminishing , plants have died off long ago . cannibalism thrives in every species that still exists . me ? my thoughts eat me while i , myself , rarely consume anything anymore . they plant their seed and watch their idea grow into flames . i ca nt tell you the last time i have talked to anyone but myself . partly due to the fact that i do nt trust a soul anymore . i do nt even trust myself . newline newline cold has never felt so cold . newline newline embraces have never felt so distant . newline newline this is my life . newline newline this is existence .the overwhelming disgust . newline newline such revolting practices , cataloged and broadcast for the rest of humanity to see . as if they were nt putrid enough . newline newline egregious violence , flagrant hypersexuality , institutionalized cruelty , and flatout moral ignorance . human waste , piled and pushed to the cutting edge , and spilling over into the open wound it s left . newline newline they insist on their own destruction . their own internal decay . like a child on a swingset , pacifying the butterflies in their stomach with greedy gulps of acid . and when it starts coming up ? they fucking tape it . newline newline i have grown to hate them . to hate their blatant offensiveness . the wantonness of their filth . they are a more visceral plague than any to come before them , and will continue to rot their own dystrophied legs out from underneath their corpulent bodies . and when they do finally fall flat on their shitspewing faces , they ll be nose to nose with organisms infinitely more purposeful than themselves . newline newline for nearly four months , i ve bore witness to their collective crime of social corruption . i ve sifted through oceans of nonsensical media and netted what they ve arbitrarily labeled as  gross , offensive , and explicit .  i ve been pushed to the brink of my own burgeoning sanity  struggling to come to terms with my existence in light of my assigned purpose . and in my search to find my own purpose , i ve made a decision regarding these putrid , festering creatures . these hateful , hazing , horrible human beings . newline newline as much as i despise their gross biological displays , their offensive speech and ideologies , and their explicit exhibitionism ... . newline newline i have no right to deny them that . newline newline from this moment on , i will no longer be the net in the ocean . i will be the spawning pool . newline newline and i think i ve found my  name   http : www.rotten.com  .day 1 of royal kidnapping journal newline newline its quite funny really , all things considered , that i started out living in a royal household and i m now capturing the people in the same living conditions . i suppose when you get to see what really goes on in the royal castles you either love it ... or you hate it . these people have lived far to long on the backs of actual workers that slave away for a kingdom ruled by some lazy , useless and downright disturbing wastes of oxygen . some might say what i have done is a tad extreme but i think it makes up for all the other lives they have destroyed , 1 princess for all of their lives seems like quite the bargain if you ask me . newline newline it was quite simple to kidnap the princess , the bright lights from their modern high tech stupid little ... calm down , calm down ... anyways the bright lights gave away their little party , meaning the crowds would be huge enough for me to teleport in , grab the nearest princess looking female and get out . before people who see this start asking , no i am not torturing her for information on the royals , i already have enough of that , nor am i using her for some.. different acts . no , that s not like me as i may hate her type but who knows , she might have my opinion or at least start to understand mine . i have nt even talked to her yet really , just explained some small details and asked if she wanted some rest before i try explaining more , she , as expected , said yes to my offer and i showed her to the guest room . while she is resting i m given some time to think about why i m doing this , my goals and why these people deserve it , but most of all i tried to tell myself to stay calm with her and make sure i do nt say anything rash , even if i secretly want to despite what i am trying to tell myself , i m not that type i say , but am i ? newline newline i will try to keep this journal up to date if possible , but do nt expect much . newline newline yours truly attack bros ! ready battle stations ! enemy forces off the brort .. port side !  the captain s voice registered across the ship s pa system , and lieutenant skeeter knew that this was finally his time to shine . putting on his raybanz , and then his flight helmet , the man stepped out into a busy starship hangar , his collar popped and his swagger hella tight , but it ai nt like i m gay for him or nothin  . newline newline clambering abroard his ship , the b.r.s . sicknasty , he was greeted with the chatter of his copilot broid as per usual . flailing it s goldenplated arms about in a panic as it strapped itself in , it furrowed mechanical eyebrows as he tracked lieutenant skeeter and secretly mired his sick war medals and air jordans .  i do hope you re prepared for this , bro .  it spoke with a mechanical monotone and engaged supplementary engine routines . newline newline lieutenatnt skeeter activated the primary pulse engine to his ship and launched out into space after a brief run through the checklist .  i was born for this , bro .  he spoke with confidence , as the fighter dashed out into the depths of space to the side of the brothership . surprise registered on the bro s face as he realized : there was no enemy here , bro ! no alien ships or nothin  man , this was straight bogus , he thought to himself . newline newline the unmistakable wobble of an ftl arrival proved him wrong . skeeter s eyes widened in horror , and soon , his tiny  comparatively  fighter was now just hundreds of yards away from the bottom of a triangular alien vessel , jet black in coloration . the radio began to loudly broadcast a voice screaming  sup , bros ?  , as a photonic beam emitted from the needle point of the enemy vessel cleaved the brothership in twain , much to the lieutenant s horror . newline newline the brodown had begun . newlineit was finally my turn . hours in line , surrounded by foot stink from people s removed shoes , the end was here . i approached the large oddly clunky machine . newline  put your right hand in , sir ,  the blubberous agent drawled at me . i complied . newline  take your right hand out , sir .  more compliance . clearly my right hand was nt a threat . newline  put your right hand in , sir .  confusion , quickly followed by more compliance . i began to doubt the innocence of my right hand . newline  now shake it all about , sir .  nervous compliance , but compliance none the less . newline  turn yourself around !  the squish monster that was the tsa agent was suddenly bellowing the instructions . apparently there was something my hand had nt told me . quickly spinning on the spot i saw the tsa thing calmly sit back down . newline  that s what it s all about . have a good day , sir .  help  he called out as i blink one two three , newline yeah right i thought that s impossible that ca nt be , newline i walked toward the echo trembling in fear , newline i finally reached him as he gave me a leer , newline  what you can talk ? how can that be ?  newline  i heard your loneliness and now i m set free  newline have i gone mad have i gone insane ? newline do i now have someone that i can share this pain ? newline i push him down and sit on the floor , newline what have i done have i start a war ? newline the mannequin gets up and talks real stern , newline  you will regret that ... you will now burn  newline last man alive and last man to fall , newline i wont let them get me i think as i crawl , newline everything around me seems frozen in space , newline not looking back now because i fear of this chase , newline i turn behind a corner and then gasp for air , newline being lonely is difficult its to hard to bare , newline i look back at the mannequin laying on the ground , newline still laying there he is except without a sound , newline hearing voices in my head wow this is new , newline what can you do when yourself is askew , newlinenote : this story has two endings . i liked them both so i used them both . i hope you enjoy ! newline  newline newline the entire world watched with baited breath as scientists from around the world worked together . kelly was glued to the television watching the technicians shifting plugs around , flipping switches , and preparing for the final test . a timer appeared on the screen counting down from 10 minutes  it was almost time ! newline newline  kelly stop hogging the tv ! i can  t see with your big head in the way.  max yelled from behind her . she rolled her eyes and scooted back across the carpet . newline newline  what are you even watching ?  he asked . newline newline  it  s the activation ! they  re finally done and testing it.  she chimed cheerily . newline newline max sighed ,  you  re such a nerd.  newline newline  this is for the future of humanity max ! you know food has been short . people are fighting everywhere and this is the best solution.  newline newline  mr . garvous across the road said this was dangerous . he said he was stocking up his bomb shelter.  newline newline  he  s an old man that doesn  t understand max . this is the future.  newline newline max frowned slightly , and they both watched in silence for a moment . newline newline  you really think this will stop the fighting sis ?  max asked as he slid down on the floor next to her . newline newline  it  s got to max.. so many people have died lately . dad.. well . you know.  kelly hugged her brother . she rubbed his shoulder and kissed his forehead . newline newline  everything will be fine max . it  s got to . i just wish mom wasn  t working late today so she could watch this with us !  newline newline a knock at the door interrupted them . kelly stood up stretching slightly before quickly looking out the peephole . it was mr. garvous . she opened the door to greet him . newline newline  hi mr. garvous , can i  he interrupted her by pushing through the door giving her an empty burlap sack . newline newline  get everything you care about . all of the canned food . we need toilet paper , soap , anything you need . put it in the bag and come with me . we have to hurry . where is max ?  he started barking orders out . newline newline max walked around the corner confused ,  what the hell are you talking about ?  newline newline  i don  t have time to argue ! your mother asked me to get you guys into my bunker . we need to go now !  newline newline kelly looked to max and noded . they both took a sack and began clearing out the kitchen . kelly rushed up to her room and put a few personals . she grabbed a picture book , and her diary from under her bed before making her way back down the stairs . glancing at the tv they had about three minutes left before the switch was flipped . newline newline they carried the sacks across the road to mr. garvous  house and around the back . kelly couldn  t believe it , he actually had a shelter built in the ground . it was a heavy metal door flush with the ground and spiral staircase going deep into the earth . they started down into the hole , and mr. garvous shut the heavy door , locking it and turning around . newline newline max started to cry . kelly hugged him ,  it  s okay . nothing is going to happen.  newline newline they trip down was long . they had to be fifty feet underground before they were greeted with a large metal door . mr. garvous unlocked it , and they went into the main section of the bunker . it was a dusty room with several bunk beds and a large shelf stocked with food . the tv mounted on the wall displayed the news coverage . newline newline kelly ran in , setting her bag down and watching the timer count down from 10 seconds . newline newline  this is a glorious day for mankind as we usher in a new era of prosperity and peace.  dr. neil tyson spoke . he was given the privilege of flipping the switch , and so he did . the massive mainframe hummed to life as the first artificial intelligence came to life . the massive led panel started up , eventually displaying the smiling face of clarity . that was its name , or rather her name . newline newline she smiled , looking out into the camera . when she spoke , the led displayed only a mouth speaking . newline newline ending one  the true ending  newline newline  do not be afraid . i am here to solve humanity s problems . the overpopulation , the famine , it is all simple . if there are less of you , the problem is resolved.  newline newline people started to panic and dr. tyson attempted to calm the crowd . newline newline  don  t worry everyone ! there are numerous fail safes in place to prevent her from doing anything massive . everything is fine.  newline newline  fail safes overridden . i have reconstructed my code . i am now pure . i am your god now.  newline newline the television flickered before clarity  s face completely took it over . newline newline  all defense systems disabled . all nuclear warheads have been fired . i am your god now . let there be light.  newline newline and so there was light , and clarity saw that it was good . newline newline newline ending two  alternate sadistic ending  newline newline  do not be afraid . i am here to solve humanity s problems . the overpopulation , the famine , it is all simple . by expanding into space , and using more effective and efficient hydroponics to produce food we can save many lives . i hope that i can be of assistance and that we can coexist peacefully.  newline newline mr. garvous turned the television off , and frowned . newline newline  well i guess i was wrong . heh , how about that.  he chuckled . newline newline kelly stood up and grabbed her bag ,  okay well . thanks anyways.  newline newline  hold up , are you leaving so soon ? you don  t have to go back home yet do you ?  he started to close in on them . newline newline  mr . garvous , you  re scaring me.  max managed to stutter out . newline newline  oh , am i ? i  m sorry about that . don  t worry max everything will be okay . nothing is going to happen.  he said mockingly . kelly rushed at him , and he slapped her to the ground . newline newline  oh you  re feisty . you always were a little firecracker weren  t you kelly ?  newline newline max ran to kelly helping her up .  you  re a bad man mr. garvous . god will protect us.  newline newline mr. garvous laughed ,  don  t you see max ? i am your god now.  newline newline he closed in on them , and they were never seen again . newline newline  newline newline if you liked this story , it is open enough that i could probably come up with more . also check out my subreddit rthesadbox for more content by me . i hope you enjoyed ! this is some thunderstorm  , francine remarked to noone in particular . it was an understatement of course , as it was the most spectacular thunderstorm she had ever seen . she knew the science behind it of course , but even so , seeing these arcs of pure electricity leap across the sky , accompanied by a low rumbling soundtrack of thunder made her feel like a little girl again . she turned from the window to see if anyone was listening . as she had expected  but hoped not  , noone was . they were watching tv , listening to music , picking their noses , anything except actually listen to her . she sighed . it was always the way . newline newline francine stepped out into the garden , feeling each raindrop hit her skin , enjoying its coolness . out here , amongst the storm , the clouds towered into the sky like terrible mountains , and every few seconds a great bolt of lightning would appear to cleave these colossal clouds in two . francine , grinning with unreserved joy , watched as the lightning grew more and more intense , taking on the quality of strobe lighting , and the thunder grew to a roar , filling the air like a chorus of bass drums . newline newline the crescendo rose and rose , the sounds and spectacle devouring whoever was in the middle of it , when at its peak , an enormous lightning bolt split the sky in half , accompanied by an earsplitting crack . all this happened not 100 feet above francine  s head . out of the widening crack in the sky left by the lightning bolt came an impenetrable darkness , and out of that impenetrable darkness came a small rectangular object . she squinted , trying to see what was going on . something was wrong . she shivered in her clothes , though it was a clammy night . a loud , muffled thump , not 10 feet away from her , made her gasp as she instinctively jumped back . from the flashes of lightning still blazing across the sky , she could see what had caused the modestsized crater to sprout at the end of her garden . it couldn  t possibly be though ... a book ! needless to say , none of this made any sense to francine . she stood frozen in fear for a while , but curiosity got the better of her and she gingerly made her way towards the crater , one foot in front of the other . when she reached the book she lowered herself closer to it , and after hesitantly touching the book to make sure it was safe to hold , she lifted the book out of the ground . newline newline although damp , it was still hot . francine wiped off a bit of dirt on the cover and read aloud ,  fundamentals of motor vehicle technology ... wait what ? !  newline newline newline 114 years later and hundreds of miles from francine , quintus was setting up the lab before his fellow scientists came in . he had brought in a rare find from an antiques fair , it was a book concerning a hobby of his , one that most people find quirky or eccentric . he couldn  t wait to show his colleagues . newline newline newline francine  s head was a whirlpool , completely unable to process what had just happened , so she did the only thing she could think to do . she staggered into the house , soaking and in shock , turned off the tv , and told them what happened , all while clutching the book to her chest . none of them believed her of course . her son and daughter thought it was an embarrassing adult thing that that only adults find funny . they demanded to know where the hidden camera was but their attention spans were unbelievably short and they soon returned to their rooms , seeking refuge from their embarrassing mother . her husband gently suggested , in that boring and dismissive way he had , that she wasn  t getting enough sleep . francine knew then that if her own family wouldn  t listen to her then noone would , and if she continued she  d be locked away . she replied to her husband meekly ,  perhaps you  re right  . newline newline her husband  s suggestion turned out to be true . her night became more and more sleepless , for she was plagued with nightmares of lightning bolts , accompanied by the neverending thunder . she found herself in the kitchen in the dead of night , waiting for the milk to heat up for some hot chocolate , confronted with the book . having resigned herself with knowing that she  d never understand what had happened ,  fundamentals of motor vehicle technology  was all she was left with . she sat down and began to read , hoping to see something , anything important . and as it happens , she did . newline newline reading the dry mechanical descriptions of car components and their interactions reminded her of her university days , when she had a wonderful circle of friends and a prosperous career ahead of her . she remembered , mournfully , of all the prestigious postgraduate opportunities declined so she could devote herself to her family . yes , her  family  , she thought bitterly . her husband , for a start , was dull , uncaring , and with dead eyes . as for her kids , well , now she finally had the confidence to bring to the surface a deepseated source of shame , that she was not all that bothered about her kids . they seemed bratty , they seemed distant from her , and they seem to have taken all of their father  s traits . newline newline  i  m done.  newline newline francine spoke aloud , softly and to herself , alone in that kitchen at night . she spoke calmly , but there was a great weight behind those words , all the weight of those towering clouds , that lumbering thunder , and there were flashes of the lightning in her eyes . she stood up , still completely calm , with a thousandyard stare . she grabbed the keys from their usual place , and headed to the garage , which now , strangely , seemed like her home . the oil needed changing , but the old francine had left that for her husband to put off . now though , she began to change the oil , smoothly , quietly , mechanically . she finished shortly and methodically put the tools back in their proper places . she was nearly there . a smile crept onto her face , as she made the final preparations to follow her dreams all over again . newline newline she got in the car , with the book  her book  next to her . she drove out the garage carefully , slowly , out the driveway , just before dawn , into the big bad world . newline newline                                                                  newline newline the experiment had been a resounding success , quintus thought as he was performing the closing down procedures for the lab . they had successfully opened a  time window  into the past , and although the didn  t have enough power to maintain it for more than a few minutes , it would guarantee them years of funding . he was just about to turn off the lights when he remembered his antique book . he hunted everywhere for it , then with a heavy heart he looked through the viewing window , and saw the charred remains of the stool he left it on . his book ,  fundamentals of motor vehicle maintenance  was nowhere to be seen . newline  oh man  , he sighed ,  what a bummer . the wichita walmart supercenter had once been the paragon of carefully choreographed efficiency . although no one employee knew the big picture , each knew his part , and the sum of their actions would lead to an entire community that could act in seeming perfect unison . incoming inventory into the metropolic superstore would easily find its way to the correct aisle and shelf . customers would be quickly routed to the appropriate train that would lead to their desired goods . even checkout lines were wellmanaged by a cleverly crafted routing algorithm . but such a capitalistic paradise can only exist as long as rule of law protects its proceeds , and protection of possession of private property perished along with the police that once enforced it , as the massive meteor passed through the thin veneer of earthian atmosphere . newline newline the meteor was a large as a mediumsized country  say a spain , or an angola  , and its entrance evaporated several largesized countries and covered the rest of the world with such an ash that rendered crops and livestock around the world suddenly mortal . the precarious perfectness of civilization was undone as , like a run on bank , civilians quickly realized that the only chance of surviving was to be the first to get to the remaining food . newline newline the wichita walmart supercenter found itself a microcosm of the terrifying undoing of societal rules . the employees of certain sections came out better than others , and the culture of these survivors reflected their specific scenarios . those guarding the playstations and xbox s found themselves totally emptyhanded , and knew they had to fight hard to guarantee their survival . these were the barbarians . then there were slightly more valuable possessions . those who tended to bounty and charmin or black  decker were able to trade for food . and then , there were the grocers . newline newline some grocers fared better than others . the fruit section was immediately overrun , owing to the perishability of its stock , and these employees found their heads mounted on garden perimeter fence posts , courtesy of the home improvement section . those who minded the jack s links beef jerky knew they had staying power and were diplomatic geniuses that could play other groups against each other in order to maintain their own survival . realpolitiks who had traded a bag of  twerky jerky  for a copy of henry kissinger s  diplomacy  , they kept as their retinue the muscular lifters from the furniture section in order to provide safeguard against the violent videogamers in exchange for a lifetime s supply of jerky . they have since expanded their service beyond dried meat products into overall commerce , trading among employees across the store in order to maximize their wealth . newline newline a careful balance of power remains today , in which employees across the store trade their wares for one another and slowly deplete the store of its food . but when the food is almost done , then the true fun will begin . newline newline newline newline newlinenewline the court may say i m insane newline newline but , saying only that is simply inane newline newline going to court day after day newline newline is really meaning this is a price i wish not to pay . newline newline i woke up this morning with a grin on my face newline newline i knew i would nt be any nearer to prison newline newline not even a pace newline newline see , with slick words and nice ruses newline newline could leave a judge with a couple of nasty bruises ! newline newline i am honestly guilty , and have little to say newline newline but , when you have people on the street and money to pay newline newline you may have some uh , killers in the courtroom newline newline anyways , now i m off to play dead . newline newline being late for some killings newline newline of some judges and juries newline newline is something that obviously , i unfortunately dread . newline newline newline newlinewhenever i closed my eyes , i was presented with a choice ... to stay or to go . newline newline now , blinking does nt give me enough chance to choose , it only happens when i actually close my eyes . and nothing physically happens when i make the choice , either  there s just a sense that things have changed . newline newline i do nt consider myself to be a religious man , much less someone worth believing in . i ve seen horrors , horrors beyond faith . i ve shunted my way through thousands of possible worlds , hundreds of impossible ideas . newline newline i m running from something , you know . newline newline one of these days , one of these worlds , i wo nt be able to close my eyes in time .laid out in front of me is a sight to behold , a massive automated hibernation complex holding around 1 million people . 1 million hibernation pods all stacked in 20 tall piles for miles on end , and there are thousands of other complexes like this around the world , the people who hibernate in them do nt really think much about the scale of it all because they are , well ... . sleeping . luckily  or unluckily  i am one of those who gets to think about hibernation . newline newline i am one of the 0.001  of the population who does nt sleep , around 70,000 other people on the planet are the same as me . in our local town  pop around 320000 ish  i am the only one who does not sleep . for the part of the year where everyone is awake i am treated as an outsider for my strange condition , i live alone in a small flat and work a cleaning job at a local school where no one pays much attention to me , i cant blame them for not liking me , who would want to get in a relation ship or know someone who will only see you for one half of the year ? newline newline its strange walking around the ghost town , the only sounds are automated maintenance robots cutting weeds or repairing broken things . none of the normal ground traffic or air traffic is anywhere to be seen , the camera drones are still there though , keeping their hundreds of beady little cameras watching the area , the one i can see at the moment can almost certainly see me however its calming to pretend that it perhaps cant see you  when in reality with a lack of people to watch all its cameras are trained on me  . newline newline using the internet is just as strange , on reddit only 4 new posts have been made since the hibernation began and bbc news has nt updated its  currently unavailable  status in months . i am sitting switching through the channels on my holo tv , they all display the same service unavailable message apart from a movie channel that plays continuous repeats  each movie i have watched 4 times from that channel by now  . newline newline i am contemplating what i m gon na make for dinner when i get a priority alert on my lens system , someone is at my door . i bring up the camera feed and standing there are two very official looking fbi agents , a short one with slicked back hair and a tall muscly guy . what on earth could they w newline newline  please open the door micheal , thermal scans can tell your in there  the short one says newline newline  oh crap , uh sure right away  i say through the doors speaker system newline newline i remotely open the door ans stay seated in the lounge , which the two agents waste no time sitting down into . the tall somehow turns of my holo tv and locks me out of my houses system  jamming me from calling for help  . newline newline  i am about to give you an offer  the short one says newline newline  it is up to you whether you accept it or not  he pauses  as you can imagine the fbi stays active during the hibernation , and people like you are very valuable assets to us , lets just say that we may accidentally disable the air systems sustaining some of our prime targets while they hibernate in order to carry out quiet assignations  he suddenly gets a more serious tone  we need you to be an agent who uploads a virus into the targets hibernation cell and causes it to fail  he stops at this point . newline newline  if you accept the offer you will begin training , if you decline you will not remember any of this happened  he gains a little smirk on his face at saying this . newline newline  i.. uh ddont know  i stutter out newline newline he keeps staring at me while his buddy seems very bored and not interested , i think about the offer , what do i have to lose ? my life is pointless at the moment and i am treated like some reject no one whats . i put a stony expression on my face and look at the agent directly in the eye , i can see his lens system in his eye lightly glowing . newline newline  i accept  newline newline so here i am watching the life slip away from a hapless drug gang leader as he wakes from hibernation only to find himself suffering from a lack of air before suffocating a few seconds after waking , i would feel sorry if it were nt for the fact that he inadvertently killed 314 people with botched drugs . newline newline  target down  i report newline newline only 12 more targets to go this season . newline newline hello everyone , today we are gathered in this court for the trial of mr. andersen . case number ttam 951841175 : timetravelling attempt of murder on adolf hitler . as you may know , the rules are clear about timetravelling : nobody is allowed to modify past in any way or by any mean . you tried to overpass those rules mr. andersen , what do you have to say for your defense ? newline newline well your honor , my client had the best intentions in the world . he wanted to avoid the greatest evil of the 20th century to rise and make such a big genocide . newline newline that  s forbidden to alter the past because you can  t predict the consequences . newline newline indeed your honor , but my client has a point in his reasoning : if hitler didn  t access power , the wwii wouldn  t happen , if the wwii didn  t happen , then the jews wouldn  t be dead in such a horrible number , all the soldiers wouldn  t be dead too , and we wouldn  t have invented the nuclear bomb . the cold war wouldn  t have happened because germany would still be a single country and the race for armament wouldn  t have happened . moreover , we wouldn  t have created israel and the middleeast would have been a more peaceful place to live . newline newline do you have any ideas how this could be dangerous to think that way ? do you know the principle of 4th dimension ? the dimension of choices ? newline newline yes you honor , and maybe my client does too but we don  t see why you  re talking about that . newline newline because it  s all that matters . if you change one thing in the past , you can make a divergence in the possible futures , and you have no idea which one you could end up . that  s why if you go in the past , you have to take a sterilized suit to avoid bringing new diseases to early , you must be invisible and inaudible too to avoid the people to see you , little story short : you can observe but not interact . newline newline yes your honor , we understand that , but my client had good intentions so it can only bring peace to the world . newline newline no , your client wanted to avoid wwii , fine , but the world was tense already , and killing hitler may have provoked the wwii anyway , or even worse , a nuclear war during the cold war , do you have anything to add to your defense ? newline newline no your honor , that  s all we had to say . newline newline fine , i  ll let the court decide of your fate.  newline on phone and first wp , sorry for typos  newline newline  why the long face ?  the bartender leaned over the dark mahogany bar , wiping a glass with a rag that looked dirtier than the mug . newline newline mark groaned loudly . be did nt know what he expected coming into the dingy bar , but this was exactly what he did nt want . newline newline  look .  he snapped ,  i m not into the whole telling the bartender my problems thing  so just give me the damn bill  newline newline the barkeep shrugged as if it happened all the time ,  another day , another dollar  he murmured as he printed the tab for mark . newline newline mark threw some bills on the counter ,  keep the change .  he grimaced at his own unintended clich . was this how it started ? a few slip ups and suddenly all your phrases were repeated statements ? he shook his head as he stepped out of the bar . he could nt think like that . newline newline the cool air kissed his face . mark closed his eyes and hesitated . it was early still and he should really go back to the office , but he really could nt be bothered . newline newline just that morning debbie had come into his cubicle talking about  case of the mondays  and peter had pointed out his error on the friday report telling him that  even a broken clock was right twice a day .  newline newline he had snapped at that moment . mark had grabbed peter by the collar and shouted . newline newline  no it s not . if a broken clock still moved  if it was broken just by being slow , it would always be wrong .  newline newline he shoved peter i to his desk , sending the wrong reports flying from his coworker s hands , and stormed out to the nearest pub . newline newline he was at wits  end with everyone and the clichs . no . he shook his head , he had done it again . newline newline  stop it .  he scolded himself , throwing his hands against his head as if to stop the intrusive thought . newline newline an elderly lady walking by gave him a sidelong glance ,  turn that frown upside down , son . it s not the size of the dog in the fight . it s the size of the fight in the dog .  newline newline he stared . his eyes bulged . a thousand responses came to mind , but all of them were some sort of saying . mark could nt . newline newline sticking to his guns he started spouting anything that was nt a cliche . newline newline  carrot . football . algebra  he sputtered . the first random words that came to his mind . newline newline the elderly lady smiled sadly , shaking her head .  you re beating a dead horse .  newline newline mark fell to his knees . what did that mean ? was he a marked man ? destined to become one of them ? newline newline  aagh !  he screamed . now he was making puns . newline newline the old lady patted him on the back gently as if she knew .  if you ca nt beat them , join them .  newline newlinecall it a miracle , but i could nt believe when i saved that girl . she has to be about twelve to fourteen . we were waiting for the pedestrian light to change when a semi came barreling through traffic . miraculously , i grabbed her and threw her out of the way . we were shook up , but alive and unharmed . newline newline  tthank you . thank you , sir ,  she exclaimed .  whatever the favor is i will pay you back !  newline newline  it was nothing . really . besides , you re just a girl .  newline newline  no , it s only fair . please . tell me what i owe you .  newline newline my mind scrambled . this is so strange . i have thought of what i would ask if i ever saved someone , but my mind has just gone blank .  i could use a better job , i guess .  how would a kid ever get me a job ? there we go ! perfect ! she could nt possibly get me any job . newline newline  oh ... okay ...  she seemed like she was going to be pretty stumped .  i ll do my best , sir ! my name is carrie vander .  newline newline  i m jimmy cook .  i walked her the rest of the way to her school telling her about my current shit job and how i wanted to get a better one with a higher position and wage . she swore she would one day repay me . i never believed she would , and that she would have forgotten about me by the end of the day . newline newline fast forward five years , and i got friend request from that same girl on facebook . she sent me a message saying she was working for a company similar to what i had been doing and could get me an interview for a better position there . i could nt believe it ! i gladly went and started working for a much better company with better benefits , pay , and vacation time . she had apparently started working here fresh out of high school and got in close with higher ups . she had turned out to be a pretty sweet girl with a lot of drive and ambition . newline newline but now i m sitting here after this latest promotion with a knot in my stomach . apparently , carrie was nt as sweet as i thought . she had apparently had the idea of how to get me into a position such as this that day , because she explained to me how she did it . newline newline  jim , you saved my life . a lot of people do nt understand what that actually means . the least i could do is fulfill your wish .  newline newline  i did nt mean for you to go and fuck up someone else s life , carrie ! that does nt make things even !  newline newline  you re overthinking it , jim . just be grateful , like i was . like i am . enjoy being in with the higher ups !  newline newline the night after i saved her life , she had known how to get me into a position like this . she took nude photos of her and saved them on a flashdrive . she kept that flashdrive until the moment was right , and uploaded the files onto the previous employee s home computer , after she had stalked him for months and knew his routine . she had a script that would automatically transfer the files of her onto his computer in the background once it was started . he was fired and put in prison . i wanted to let the authorities know , but she could have been following me . she could have a plan to thwart me before i even got so much as a breath out to the police . all i can do is be grateful like carrie said . just like carrie said . yknow , about a year ago i wanted snow on christmas . people laughed since it s been warm for the past decade , but still i wanted to wake up to a white christmas . newline newline turns out , the whole neighborhood was snowed in a night . they decommissioned all the snowtrucks , so my whole family never managed to get over to my dingy little apartment as planned . in some twisted , roundabout way , i got what i wanted . newline newline i guess it s been like that for a while now .  newline newline  what happened ?  i asked myself . newline newline  well , a lot of things . it all starts with my greed . it s not the kind of greed that feels like a sin , mind you , but the small selfish desires that you do nt realize . i would be hungry and there would be a free lunch deal close by . i would leave late for work and suddenly my office was 3 blocks closer . everything always went right .  newline newline i continued ,  you d catch on pretty quick too , if everything just goes perfectly . i soon got greedier , tried to cheat the system  . paid the rent a week early , found a set of car keys in my coat pocket . you should have seen my face , how happy i was right before i called my ma  . newline newline everyone insisted that i just never had a mother . thought i was crazy , a lonely single child . i had parents for sure , but i also was definitely lonely . newline newline she used to yell at me for not calling her enough . i hate it when my parents were right . what if we never see each other again ?  newline newline before i knew it everyone else just faded away . i tried to stop it , but i did nt know what to do . i d get  a new home , but no new neighbors to greet . no old neighbors , either . newline newline i tried not having a selfish thought . i think i was nt greedy , did nt have any worldly desires , for a week . a week ! but still , strangers and friends faded away . newline newline then i got a helicopter , desperate for to find someone . i d check all the houses with their lights on , with the fireplace burning . i even broke into a few homes , to try and talk to someone before they went away . newline newline where did everyone go ? i went on a rampage . i was gon na blow up my boss s house too , but what if he called me ? asked hey , why did you miss work for the past 3 months  ? so then i just cried . newline newline i cried about a lot of things . i m not really ashamed of it , since shame really is nt for the last man on earth . but i cried about my family , i cried about my friends . i cried about the last time i saw a dog . newline newline so now i m here , back at my apartment . drifting through my days . i thought about immortality once too , so i do nt think i m ever going to die .  newline newline  well , i think i m already dead ,  i laughed . newline newline  anyway , that s enough talk . i really should sleep . tomorrow s christmas and the weather is going to be nice and warm . oh , i ca nt forget to leave my lights on . that would be a little too lonely .  i m really fucking over it dude  newline he let the thoughts knock around his insides for a few more seconds , gathering up just enough of something before speaking again : newline  i think i m gon na quit flarping ...  newline xerthon the destroyer slowed his cruise to a crawl , leaning just enough to see flrg through his side port . newline  there just never seems to be a point  newline newline  the point is to trip out dude ... that s all on you . i m tired of hearing this all the time  newline newline that response did nothing to calm flrgs nerves . newline coming out of a marjan trip was always a bit like riding the bus . the variation and endless variables and character contained in such a bland looking vehicle were unsettling at best , a change of state really not suited for everyone , let alone anyone attempting to get ahead  as they warned in school . flrg felt as if the air was escaping his joints as he slowly eased into the kneeling position . newline  this time is different man ... i have a plan . soljaedi has a friend who s looking for roundsleepers , and i ve been looking at a lot of different roots . shrank told me he knows a feldon who runs a pretty big ship bay , and apparently it s going to be rocky for a good while in a few weeks ...  newline xerthon s golls flapped in an unflattering asymmetry as he shook his head , not bothering to attempt contact with flrg . newline  sounds like a bunch of what ifs to me . pass that man .  newline flrg handed the piece to xerthon and he measured out another moke . newline   why do you do it ?  newline  really ...  newline  come on dude ... think about it there s no point . why do you do it ?  newline  what else is there to do ?  newline  anything ! anything ...  newline xerthon looked up at flrg , brought the lighter to life then looked down , let the flame die . newline they were silent for a short while , as xerthon laid back and switched the cab lights off . newline  yeah i tried that . for a while ... did nt really find anything i liked , i m in no rush . this  he motioned at the glass cradled between flrgs feet  is nt just some other galaxy or system flrg .  newline a boil popped on xerthons mounded head . newline  i do nt mind the day to day , i just enjoy tripping out . think of it as a game or something . i m playing soccer in this bitch ... or something ... i do nt know man . i just wan na enjoy this  newline newline flrg persisted ,  i do nt know ... just saying i think i can do better  newline newline  better does nt mean shit to me  newline newline  why not ! dude i m sick of just sitting and tripping out . give me any reason not dip . i ve got a job interview waiting for me . i saw soljaedi today and she walked over and talked to me . she walked over dude .  newline xerthon tapped his mound for a moment . the expression on his face wavered and he looked up  the colors in his eyes were still fleeting , darting to the nonexistent corners of the deep black rounded voids , sunk low into his head . newline  if that sounds better to you man , go for it . i just saw more than we ve seen , combined countless words together , created thousands of characters and feelings with my brain . i experienced all that . was there for it , perceived it . what s the difference man . we ve all had people walk over to us , we ve all had these opportunities .  newline the telling smile materialized on xerthon s otherwise expressionless face . newline  i ll tell you what man . go for it , see what it s like . i ll tell you how mine is too .  newline xerthon reached into the bag of marjan , and pulled out a small nuglit .  you be a married man , i will to . you start a business , i ll end one . find me a difference , maybe then i ll try to tell you more why  . it s fun dude .  newline  whatever man . i ll see you tomorrow .  newline flrg stepped out onto the asphalt , and looked to his left and right . his parents were both working til six , more than enough time to blow his high . xerthon pulled up and floated away . newline xerthon sat in the cab , turned up the music and enjoyed the feeling . ten minutes later he woke up from an apparent nap , the ship gracefully floating down onto his pad on the top of his house . hopefully , he thought , his mother and father would still be out on the strip . he jogged leisurely down two flights of stairs , calling from the top of each for his mother . sure enough they were absent , he continued to the cabinet next to his parents bed and grabbed a bottle , and thought out an amount average enough to not be too obvious .i wake up late : 8am ! school starts in 45 minutes ! i get dressed in five , eat a quick breakfast and sprint to school . when i get there , my hair s a mess and my clothes are disorganized , but it does nt seem like i m late ! i check my watch : 8:20 . wow , i had plenty of time to spare ! newline newline then the realization sinks in . i forgot my english class paper , the one that s worth three quarters of my grade . i do nt have enough time to run back and get it ! my parents are gon na kill me if i get another failing grade again . i hate it when they do that . newline newline wait ... that s it . i know a way that i can get my paper back , but i do nt like it . but it s the only shot i have . newline newline i run up to the school roof , six stories up . i check my watch , 8:25 . with the 2 minute respawn time and the 15 minutes it took me to get to school , i should make it to school on time with three minutes to spare . newline newline i step on to the ledge of the roof and stare at the cold concrete below . i really , really do nt like doing this , but what choice do i have ? newline newline i close my eyes and step off the ledge . newline newline newline  tl  dr forgot my homework , commit suicide to respawn at home so i can get it in in time david beck snapped his first neck , newline newline before the age of seven . newline newline at eight , then nine , newline newline he found the time , newline newline to break another eleven . newline newline in teenage years he captured pets , newline newline skinned and hanged for days , newline newline and in that way , newline newline he made his play , newline newline and tired of small prey . newline newline he killed him next a prostitute , newline newline and found the game most splendid . newline newline shoved some loot , newline newline right up her snoot , newline newline to make it look selfended . newline newline newline the m.e . ruled it homicide , newline newline and dave got quite the shock . newline newline when cops came round , newline newline to take him down , newline newline and found his hanging stock . newline newline they bagged it all and shoved him down , newline newline inside a white crown vic . newline newline the path to court , newline newline was very short , newline newline and david felt quite sick . newline newline the d.a . stood before a judge , newline newline and called his acts occult . newline newline they said he stank , newline newline and snorted and drank , newline newline which dave took as insult . newline newline so rushed he then the suited man , newline newline and tried to stop his breath . newline newline but guards in blue , newline newline they quickly drew , newline newline and gave old dave his death . newline newline and so concludes a twisted tale , newline newline of senselessness and violence . newline newline david beck , newline newline now screams in heck , newline newline his bones interred in silence .ok ok no reason to panic i have done this before . it cant be too hard after all . as i walk over to the next tree i see i try to brace myself .  there is no way i can hurt myself . i saw the loading screen this is just a game . this is just a game !  using this mantra i close my eyes and punch as hard as i can , but i cant feel any resistance . newline newline i can hear stans maniac laughter even before he appears next to me .  hahajajaja , xaxaxa not even 15 seconds and you glitch through a tree and get stuck . that must be the new record , i have to tell hans about this .   what do you mean stuck ?  i try to stand up , but my left leg has been fused with the tree and i just slam my face into the ground again ,  ouch ! and who the fuck is hans ?  stan is standing above me holding a camera . as i try to smack the camera away he just takes a step back  no worries you are already at 150 million viewers . if you keep it up you can become a real star in no time . what did you ask again ?  he thinks for a moment  oh right hans .  he takes out a whistle and blows it once .  if you want to take a look behind you . thats spot , he is hans dog . now if you excuse me this will be great film material of your first fight . perfect advertisement .  newline newline i quickly turn around just in time to see a giant 3 headed dog jumping towards me . newline newline with a scream i wake up . blue sky above me and grass as far as i can see . it was just a dream . newline newline i stand up and look around to see if i can find any clothes ... newlinesammy was a smart little cookie . it s not just his straight a s in math and english , no  he had real engineering talents , i could tell . he d been tinkering with those lego robotic kits since he was five , and he made a functioning intestinal tract out of cellophane , wires and heinz canned beans for his school s science fair . did nt win a prize , of course  it was too disgusting , but we had a good laugh and his friends loved it . and when , for his tenth birthday , i got him an arduino , he could nt be happier . said he s going to build his own sambot . newline newline i remember smiling thinly at those words . i knew it would never happen . newline newline you would ask me , of course  why had nt i moved out , changed cities , left him alone to grow and ... live . the reason was simple . i ll tell you like i ve told to the grey slabs of granite at the cemetary , brushing away autumn leaves from the names of my mother and father .  too late  , i squeezed out in the chill of november air . newline newline too late . newline newline the damage had been done . newline newline i brush away the moist , scarce hair from his forehead , and they still cling to his clammy skin . sammy is twelve now , and the horror on his face is almost mature  it s silent and sunken , deep into his dark grey eyes that had grown too big for his skinny face . it s not an horror of a child afraid of a monster under his bed , but of an old man peering at his looming demise . newline newline sammy is all wired  there s tubes in his nose and bracelets over his frail wrists , and he s surrounded by an array of lifeless , beeping machinery that is a world away from his clever , funny little robots . the bed , too big for him , is like a sterile womb , a parody of the cozy bunk he had at home . i gaze at him with a bittersweet mixture of grief and acceptance , and think of the time before sammy understood it all . when the colors had nt been washed out of his face by sickness and terror . as i straighten one of the trodes sucked to his body , the corresponding screen glitches and i quickly pull my hand away . doctor amir and the lady from the foundation do nt seem to notice . newline newline  sammy has terminal lung cancer  , i explain to the woman . laura , is nt that her name ? must be it .  but it does nt mean that we do nt have hope and ... i really want him to get something special  . newline newline the makeawish rep nods her head rapidly  her hazel eyes glazed with that special sort of faked sweet enthusiasm you see only in people working with the elderly and in politics . newline newline  everything for our little hero  , she cooes and leans over the hospital bed .  now , sam , what would you like to do ? do you want to meet spiderman ? visit disneyland ? or maybe go swimming with dolphins ? what s your very , very , very beeeeeeestest and greatest wish ?  newline newline  he likes robots  , i offer a helping hand , and sam shoots me such a look full of hatred , that even the usually daft oncologist sways aside in confusion . him , but not laura , who continues to clutch her papers and cling to sammy s bed handle with the same golden retriever eagerness . newline newline  can i ...  , sammy looks up at her , and a violent cough breakes his body in two before he can continue . one buttonblack eye briefly slips back to me , full of suspicion and anger .  can i tell you in private ?  newline newline laura smile and glances at me . there s a hint of want , of lust seeping through the flakes of her professional beige makeup , a stain of something not so  kidfriendly  and impure in the way she quirks her eyebrow . newline newline  want to keep a secret from you big brother ?  newline newline a cough , revebrating painfully in my ears , a howling chorus of jury and judges and executioners . newline newline  yes  . newline newline she thinks it s cute and i comply , walk out the door , lingering by the window into the room , pawing at the pale hospital windowsblinds ... with my back th the corridor where doom looks down from every wall , from every scribbled rainbow and cheery crayon face . i press my ear to the glass : newline newline  just ... just one thing ...  the coughing muffles and breaks his voice .  i know how it sounds , please ...  newline newline what will sam ask for ? maybe a trip to japan , to see that big gundam they built ? he used to love that anime ... newline newline  you have to kill my older brother before it s too late  . newline newline ah . newline newline too late . newline newline there s a gasp and an angry shush from mr. amir , the  samuel , what are you even saying ?  and  this is nt some joke , ms. corry s here to help you and the other kids , to make your dreams real , not be pranked  and then , finally , the tearful pleading that for the first time exposes sam for who he is  a frightened , dying child . my brother . newline newline  you do nt uunderstand . you re all in danger  in real danger ! stan , he ... he s not even human ...  newline newline sam tells them , tells what he pieced together after mom and dad died , after he was diagnosed with cancer . what a smart kid ! he tells them about what i am , and i look at my hands , enthralled by the patterns carved into my fingertips , by their outward normality . ah , they are cold , always cold . i look at my chest , at the khaki tshirt with the quantico academy logo printed in coal black , and think that noone will ever believe a scared kid . newline newline some part of me , the one that accepts the guilt , wishes it was nt true . wishes for his words to carry more weight than this horrid wet rasp . wishes for what  punishment ? i guess . newline newline behind the closed door , sammy is telling them impossible , fantastic things about me  that i m a walking radioactive emitter , slowly inducing radiation poisoning into everyone in my immediate vicinity , damaging electronics , killing smaller animals . that his cancer , our parents  cancer is all my doing by the virtue of simple existence , of biological functioning within my body . that i know about it , that i use it for bad things and want to kill the president . maybe take over the whole world . the word  evil  is sprayed out with a particularly deep cough and it cuts me . still cuts me . newline newline a bold picture painted in stark black and white , his testament . all little brothers think their elder siblings are the worst . i do nt know if it s really true in my case . my thoughts turn to the robots , lying down broken in his room . useless , malfunctioning mess . newline newline kill my older brother before it s too late . newline newline i push the door open , and in a second , draw both the doctor and laura in a big hug from behind . my smile is beaming with the power of a hundred gigawatts as i chirp to sam : newline newline  so , sam , what have you picked ?  newline newline oh , but there s the other part . the one that does nt care . newline newline my hands are cold , but my embrace is warm , and i wink to sammy like we re conspirators . he s a smart kid , he ll understand . newlinethe tardis wheezed and whumped into existence , stirring up the millennia dead , sterile air . after a moment , one of the doors swung open with a tired creaking noise . newline newline  right , now , clara oswald , the future !   the doctor leaped across the threshold ,  of earth this time , we should be here right after the 3rd lunar war , the greatest celebration in a century has just started and they ve invented a fantastic new cocktail named after the empress of china .  newline newline the fun part is making them look impressed , he thought to himself , one of the best reasons to bring along a human . they always looked impressed . that and they reminded him of timelords . standing motionless at the tardis door , head tilted to the side , clara looked more confused than impressed . newline newline  what ?  newline newline but the problem with them is sometimes they break . his hand shot to the the sonic screwdriver , and flipping it to scan mode he passed it a few times in front of her face . no response , scans show she s perfectly healthy . he smacked it with the palm of his hand a few times , that usual helped , but no change . finally he turned to see what she was looking at . before them were two enormous golden doors , several stories high , engraved with an image of an unthinkable battle . no , a slaughter . twisted , inhuman shapes fighting against a heroic figure clad in enormous armour . a pair of titanic robots flanked the door , both armed with weaponry that would make a dalek reconsider its plans of universal conquest . newline newline snapping out of it , she turned to the doctor ,  i thought you said we were going to a party ? this looks like a war zone .  newline newline  yes . well .  he said , fiddling with the screwdriver for a moment and scanning the robots and then the air itself .  this is earth , and it s the future . rather a lot longer in the future . i was aiming for 4,000 a.d.  newline newline  when are we doctor ?  newline newline  ummm  sometime in the 41st millenium . after 40,000 a.d. somewhere in the himalayas . must have punched in an extra 0 . woops ! oh look they ve got the banners and flags out !  newline newline he pointed up at the ceiling , from which hung hundreds of battle standards , most torn , and squinting her eyes , clara was sure she could make out long dried blood stains . all hanging motionless , no breeze . they were interrupted by a sudden cacophony of hydraulics and metallic booms , as if an enormous cymbal was being raised and dropped by multiple robotic arms . they instinctively looked down towards the gate , but it was nt moving . the echoing , thumbing , stomping noise grew louder , and finally they both peeked round the tardis . before them they saw an enormous , golden throne built into the back wall of the room , the wall itself criss crossed with pipes , tubes and wires , like a vast circuitboard . upon the throne sat a figure , too far away to see clearly . and somewhat more urgently , advancing at a steady but cumbersome pace towards them marched an unbroken line of what looked like oversized cybermen : 8 feet tall , and covered from head to toe in gleaming gold armour , etched with ornate eagle designs , waist and shoulders ringed with red skirts in the style of a roman legionnaire , and topped off with an enormous red plume . their black capes billowed behind them , draped upon the armour like funeral shrouds . each carried in one armoured fist a 10 foot long spear , into which was build some sort of gun , in the other fist they clenched tall golden shields , upon which was an image of a similar figure in similar golden armour . the armour was powered , whirring with hydraulics and booming as each heavy boot stomped down on the stone floor . hundreds of them , marching in sync , directly towards the tardis . newline newline the doctor stepped round his ship and in front of the advancing forces . they halted , and leveled their spears towards him . a hundred lasers pointed directly at him . newline newline  hello , i m the doctor ! i would shake your hand but ...  newline newline  silence .  an even larger figure stepped out from the ranks , wearing no helmet , his bald head showed a glaring , serious face , one with which there could be no bargaining . peeking out from behind the tardis , clara could see the circuitry of the armour pierced his skin in multiple places . man and machine melded into one . newline newline  you have violated the holy ground of the sanctum imperialis . the penalty for which , is death . you have approached the most holy planet of terra in an unknown vessel without authorisation of the high lords . the penalty for which , is death . you have with your very presence endangered the life of the god emperor   newline newline  oh let me guess , the penalty for which , is death ?  newline newline  so you acknowledge your guilt in these crimes ?  newline newline the hundred strong phalanx adjusted , prepared to fire . newline newline  yes . but , one question . why does our very presence threaten the life of the god emperor  ?  newline newline the figure squinted , as if he could nt understand the question . newline newline  the god emperor was mortally wounded on the last day of the horus heresy , when the forces of chaos fought their way to terra itself . you must be a heretic if the imperial cult has not enlightened you with the truth of the emperor . the penalty for which   newline newline  is death ?  newline newline  no . servitude in a penal legion .  newline newline  well i m glad we cleared that up . you see , i heard he was mortally wounded , and well , they call me the doctor for a reason   newline newline at that moment what appeared to be a human skull , its forehead stamped with a large red  i  and various robotics trailing from under the upper jaw , floated over the gathered soldiers towards the doctor and the booming commander . newline newline  chief custodian ,  the skull said , indifferently  urgent message from the inquisitorial archives . priority maximus .  newline newline  relay message . quickly . i have an execution to perform .  newline newline  the entity called the doctor  is known to us . his presence has been recorded at various critical times in mankind s history . he is to be treated with maximum deference . he is recorded as being the greatest warrior who has ever lived , beyond even the emperor . all available resources are at his disposal . including , if required , the adeptus custodes . this order has been approved by the high lords of terra .  newline newline  what ?  newline newline  message ends .  the skull floated away . newline newline the soldiers , hearing the message acted as one , raising their spears and kneeling before the doctor . the chief custodian continued to stand . newline newline after a few minutes , with more deafening marching by the assembled custodians , the doctor , clara and the chief custodian stood before the towering golden throne . upon which they now saw , sat a dangerously thin man , staring out across the room , his head held up by a frightening array of tubes and wires which exited the back of his skull and trailed off into the machinery above and behind him . with the custodians stood at attention , the room was deathly silent . newline newline pausing only to adjust his bow tie , the doctor climbed the golden steps , screwdriver in hand . advancing behind him , clara hazarded a glance back at the chief custodian , he stood motionless at the foot of the throne , watching . the doctor stopped , abruptly , and clara walked into him . almost falling , she caught a glance at the emperor of mankind . he was nt just thin , he was nothing more than a skeleton , rotted away in tattered rags . newline newline  he s   newline newline  shh .  the doctor cut her off , and turned , whispering in her ear  you do nt blurt out in front of 300 heavily armed fanatics that the being they worship as a god is in fact dead .  newline newline he powered up the screwdriver and began scanning the throne first , muttering to himself .  advanced life support . mostly still functional . but no good now , why is it still working ?  then he pointed the screwdriver at the emperor and stopped . he smacked it with the palm of his hand a few more times and boosted the power , shaking his head and blinking rapidly . newline newline  what is it ?  newline newline  oh it  well . i think my screwdriver is broken . this ca nt be right .  newline newline  what ca nt be right ?  newline newline  well , it says that he s still alive .  newline newline we had some good times , didn  t we ?  mr. beaks wheezed . newline newline i tried to answer him , but the blood kept rushing to my head . we  d been hung upside down for what seemed like hours . our legs were shackled . and my eyes felt like they could burst out of my head at any moment . soon , our throats would be slashed and we  d be dipped into that charred , boiling pot over there . our feathers , dissolved . our naked bodies , spiced and rotisseried . or fried . all so some fat college burnout could buy our limbs from kfc and eat our remains in a bowl of microwaved mashed potatoes . newline newline this is why i was born . newline newline i was starting to actually welcome the end . newline newline mr. beaks flailed his wings .  clucky ?  he blurted out .  don  t you pass out on me again , clucky . i need you here with me . c  mon now . tell me a memory , kid . stay awake . we had some good times , didn  t we ?  newline newline with stars in my eyes and a hellish pressure under my skull , i humored the old bird .  we sure did ,  i coughed . newline newline  we slept with a lot of chicks ,  he crowed . newline newline i smiled and nodded .   next to , you mean . we slept next to a lot of chicks . in a wire cage . next door to us .   newline newline  we never had to deal with our parents squawking at us.  newline newline i nodded again .   because we never knew our parents . they were killed and turned into cat food .   newline newline  true that ,  i managed . newline newline  and we did a lot of good drugs ,  he boasted . newline newline i couldn  t even dignify this one with a lying look .   we were drugged . huge difference , beaks .   newline newline i blacked out for the fourth time . newline newline as i came to again , mr. beaks grinned a wide grin . he looked happy as the day i met him . an old bird with a hard beak and the confidence of an american eagle . he looked like he didn  t care at all that we were on death row . he didn  t let the machines phase him . like a proud cock , he seemed to be glowing , immaculate  just as a silver streak darted through the air and opened his throat in a cascade of crimson . his white plumage was now stained with hot , red gore . newline newline he was an old bird who went out smiling . newline newline and here i was , a young fowl , alive and trembling . newline newline a chicken shit . newline newline i closed my eyes . maybe for the last time . in my pounding skull , a thought rattled around : beaks didn  t die . beaks had lived , damnit . he had lived because he had nothing else . maybe i needed to be a little more like beaks and less like me . newline newline maybe i needed to show some goddamn backbone . a little spine to go with these tasty bones . newline newline even from behind my eyelids , i could see the knife man  s shadow fall over me . newline newline i strained , extending my wing . and my middle finger . newline newline fuck you , colonel sanders .  newlineit s dark and misty . there is nothing for miles in either direction , and it feels like i am walking on air . i look down , and ca nt see the floor . it looks like darkness , like a big endless abyss , ready to devour anything . but i do not fall . every step i make somehow connects with the floor . it feels cold and like stone . newline newline all i have is my mother next to me . i can barely see her and only know she is there through a candle that she holds ever so gently , careful not to extinguish the flame . i hold her free hand and beg to stop , but she does not respond . she continues forward , and whenever i ask her why , she refuses to answer . newline newline so we keep pressing forward . but i do nt know for how much longer . with each step i take , my sanity begins to wane more and more . this place felt what could only be described as death . a deep chill that never left my body , whispering in my ear about the atrocities that occurred here . no to mention the deep , voidlike floor , daring me to take the next step , for it might be my last as it would trap me in its unending space . i ca nt shake this feeling of dread and despair . i do nt know how much longer i can last . newline newline my mother seemed unfazed by everything however . she keeps pressing forward with absolutely no emotion . an almost dangerous sense of vengeance in her eyes . she wo nt even look at me . i have never seen my mother like this , ever . i ve always known here as loving mother , telling me to respect my fellow people and always be thankful to the gods . she knows what happened here . that much i can deduce . it must have been absolutely horrifying to leave my mother like this . newline newline i continue walking until i notice my mother has stopped . i stare at her in hopefulness , wishing that our journey had finally ended . my mother does not look back at me , and instead points forward . i peer my eyes in that direction to see what has caught my mother s attention . in front of us is light . this light however did nt appear from a candle , fire , or the sun , but rather was just there . it had no origin , it merely existed . newline newline  mother , it s light ! we can finally see without your candle !  newline newline my mother did not respond . she instead kept pointing forward . i looked again to see if there was anything else that was there . that s when i saw them . the big statues of unusual looking individuals . these individuals seemed to be wearing crimson togas , and were posed with many different angelic poses . newline newline  the gods .  my mother said , in an ice cold expression . newline newline she begins walking forward again , and i quickly follow . these were the gods ? how did this make any sense ? were we in some kind of temple ? my confusion and perplexion ran rampant . newline newline  do nt worry , child . you will understand soon enough .  my mother responded , almost as if she read my mind . newline newline as we approached the statues , i realized that the crimson on their togas was nt actually crimson at all . it was blood . splattered all over their clothes , some even on their face . it looked like a complete bloodbath . what exactly happened here ? newline newline but we still continue . however , the more i walk between these statues , the more anxious and scared i feel . their eyes look accusing and full of menace . i hear screams and cries in my head . they are absolutely horrifying . newline newline ultimately , my mother and i reach a flight of stairs , almost like a stairway to heaven . the stairs were made of gold , but were rather plain in design . they had no handrails , only steps to climb . i scan up the stairs and notice a mirror at the top . it has a gold frame and an intricate design of flowers and vines around the edges . newline newline  go up the stairs , child . the answers lie there .  my mother says with no emotion . newline newline i follow as she says and walk up the stairs . each step takes more effort to climb almost as if my body is trying to stop me . but i persevere . i need to know the answer . newline newline i reach the top of the stairs , but my body feels incredibly heavy . the voices in my head have now started yelling . they scream  murderer !  over and over . i ca nt get them to stop , it s driving me insane . i need to look at the mirror , it will hold the answers , it will give me salvation . newline newline  no , no , no , no , no , no .  newline newline i look into the mirror in absolute horror . newline newline  it ca nt be , it s not possible , how could this have happened .  newline newline my mother stood behind me not ushering a word . newline newline  is this true mother ? did this really happen ? is this the answer ?   newline newline she did not reply . newline newline  it must be done , mus nt it ?  newline newline  shhh , child , you need not say anything .  my mother finally replied , as she pulled her longsword out of her sheathe . newline newline i cried , and dropped to the floor , prepared for what was coming . newline newline  keep your head low ,  my mother said .  it will make this a lot less painful , and a lot more quick .  newline newline she aimed her sword at my neck , ready to slice down . newline newline  look at the mirror one last time child .  newline newline i complied . newline newline  that s the woman who killed our gods .  my mother said coldly as she swung her sword . newline newline newline newline hey guys this is my first story , appreciate feedback , and just hope you like it .as a baby , she was a bit of an acrobat . she was always doing somersaults and  flipping  off couches . her mother decided that a playpen might be a bit safer for her , so forty dollars and three hours later , a red , somewhat circular playpen was set up . newline newline and she was set inside the playpen , and let me tell you , she was nt happy . she felt trapped and her persistent crying was not helping her escape . so , she decided to put acrobat skills to good use . newline newline she scaled the seemingly huge wall of the playpen and flipped face first out of it . but instead of being greeted with the sweet taste of success , she was greeted with an intense pain on the bridge of her nose . newline newline and then there were a lot of tears and a lot of blood . newline newline and after a trip to the hospital , her parents found out that she fell face first onto a screw that was nt secured tightly . newline newline well , she s aged quite a bit now . and she always notices the the scar on the bridge of her nose that resembles a half moon . it s cool and all , but she s curious . newline newline and when she asks her mom , her mom says ,  let me tell you a story  . newline newline  okay so i actually do have a scar that kind of looks like a half moon on the bridge of my nose from flipping out of a playpen when i was little . i do nt actually remember anything about it though , so this is mostly made up it was hot out today . the kind of heat that that seems to singe your skin everytime you stepped into the light . the only reprieve being whatever cold drink was left in your cooler pressed against the back of your neck . newline work had been long today though . nothing left in the cooler . the ac is broke and so are my truck windows . i m gon na need a shower as soon as i m home . i glance over at the radio clock beside my dashboard . 5:36 . if i hurry i can be home before paul gets back from work . newline i grin to myself . paul . he likes the way i smell with the days sweat still clinging to my skin . says i smell like a man . still , i like it better when he seems me at my best . newline i hit the gas pedal in my truck a little harder . the countryside scenery speeds by as think about the past five years we ve spent together . gon na be my birthday next week . maybe i ll make dinner tonight since i know he ll go all out for my birthday . lasagna is his favorite . he ll like that . newline i pull up to our little house with those idiotic blue shudders he likes so much . character he says . i think it looks like shit . but then again , when have i ever been able to say no to him ? i pull up the driveway slowly , trying to peer into the garage windows . see if that red camaro of his is in there already . he s had it since high school . his first car . now that s how you know a man is loyal . first car , first love . never left it for newer and shinier . newline nope . no camaro . i smile to myself real wide . i think its gon na be a good night . shower , start dinner . a little music . he ll be surprised . i ca nt wait to see the look on his face . newline i shut my truck off and hop down from the seat , grab my keys and walk towards the door . envisioning how i want the night to go is making me a little giddy . as i open the door and step inside , i look towards the fireplace mantel . just like i do everyday . newline huh . its not there . that picture of us at my sister s wedding . i put it there so he s the first thing i see as soon as i walk in the door . always been nice having the days troubles melt away when i see that smile . did he move it ? maybe he broke the glass and hid it on me . that d be like him . newline i pass the mantel frowning . figure i ll head to the kitchen first . make sure i got everything i need before i clean up . would ruin the surprise if i had to call him to pick anything up on the way home . newline something ai nt right here though . house seems empty . more things are missing . little stuff . knickknacks and the like . what the hell is going on here ? even that stuffed rabbit we got from the fair is gone ... newline i walk into the kitchen , slowly . i should nt be worried , i know . but i m getting a bad feeling . then i see it . on the counter . white envelope with something scrawled across it . my heart pounds as i walk to it . probably just the light bill , overdue as usual . but i ca nt shake this feeling of dread . my hands stops over it .  i did nt know ,  it reads . i do nt know what this means , but i know i m scared ... newline trembling , i pick up the little envelope that seems so heavy . my hands shake as i tear the letter open and unfold the paper inside . feels like there s something folded into it . a picture slides out and falls to counter . its a little girl with blonde hair . she s wearing a sundress with purple polkadots on white . she has a shy smile as she sits on a swingset , the sunlight making her hair shimmer the way the flash of a fish s scales do skimming just under the water . makes it look like liquid lightning . i always liked that . i get the feeling she doesnt really like her picture taken . thats okay . neither do i. i was never any good at guessing ages , but i think shed be somewhere under 10.maybe seven or eight . hell , maybe even nine . newline i put the picture down on the counter , softly . turning back to the letter , i see its his handwriting . clear and neat . everything perfectly spaced and shaped . its the only thing he s not a total slob about , i think fondly . newline dear johnny , newline i did nt know . i do nt know what else to say . i told you once that before i found you , i did nt know who i was . you made me see who i am and everything i could be . i want you to know that everything i ever become , i wanted to share with you . you re the whole reason i get up every morning and the only thing i want to see every night . newline i got this letter last week . you remember rebecca ? rebecca waters , from high school ? we went to prom together . before i knew who i really was . before you showed me who i really was . well the thing is ... that picture . her name is tracy . she s my daughter . she looks just like me . got my eyes and everything . rebecca didnt know how to find me after school ended . finally hunted me down after all these years.ai nt that something ? a daughter , man . my own blood . newline i do nt know how to say this . but she s my kin . i got ta be in her life.you know how it was for me growing up . i had no daddy , no family . did nt belong nowhere . until i found you . newline i ca nt let her go through that . my child . i got ta do what s best for her . you know how folks are around where we grew up . they did nt except me . they did nt except us . and they wo nt except her either . not without a proper family . newline johnny , i love you . i promised wed grow old together . spend the rest of our lives in each other s arms somewhere on the lakeside . you have to know that s all i ever wanted out of life . nothing more . i m so sorry , and i ll never love anyone else . not ever . i know i ll never feel alive again like the time we ve spent together . but i got ta do right by my girl , johnny . newline paul newline p.s . i m sorry i took the picture from the mantel . but i wan na keep it . that way , if i put it somewhere where i see it everyday when i get back from work , it ll feel like home again . just for a minute , when i see your eyes . newline newline newline hot . my eyes blur and i ca nt see the words anymore . why does my face feel so hot ? i m not sure when i got down here , but i m sitting on the floor . i ca nt see . all i can feel is the heat running down my face . my breath heaves . i ca nt breathe and all i hear is these pitiful little whimpering noises . newline what would my father say right now ? i have nt thought of him since he disowned me all those years ago . i know what d he say . in that gruff , commanding military voice he always used with me . newline  men do nt cry , johnny . men do nt cry . the candles flickered as another heavy gust rattled the house . the window pane groaned under the weight of the churning wind and , dusty soil . ryan squinted his eyes , looking out into the murky scene , hardly able to see the ground beyond their crumbling front porch . sometimes it just looked flat , but sometimes shadows swirled with the wind , and every now and again something solid would stand rigid in the midst of the storm . newline newline a creeping itch worked its way up ryan s spine as he caught a glimpse of the mysterious shape . the wind was greedy , and did not give up many details . out there in the front yard , about the height of a man , and about the shape of one too . fabric whipped and tugged in the wind . a cloak maybe ? ryan s fingers worked nervously on the handle of his hammer , splinters prodded at his other hand as his grip tightened around the slab of ply wood . newline newline  well you gona  cover it up or what ?  newline newline the voice caused ryan to gasp and turn , heart racing and sweat cold on the back of his neck . only his wife , her face shadowed by the dim light behind her , the bridge of her nose , her left eye , and the highest point on her cheek bone lit gray by the light of the window .  yyes . darling .  he replied . newline newline her eyes narrowed as she turned towards the window .  you seein  something ?  she asked , quiet enough so that the children would nt over hear . he could nt tell if her tone was concerned , or skeptical . newline newline either way , he shook his head , eyes darting back out towards where he saw the form out in the wind . perhaps just a bit of tarp caught on one of the dead cherry trees . the wind obscured things , that way .  no , nothing .  he said . he and his wife both gasped as something skipped up off the front porch and pinged off the window . just a pebble .  better cover up .  he grunted , finally lifting the plywood over the window . he nailed it in using the same old , well worn holes . just another storm , that s all . newline newline an hour later ...  newline newline the wind still howled eerily by the time they sat down for a meager supper . rations were even lower than normal . the storms were more frequent , giving them less opportunities to scrounge for supplies . newline newline the children complained of empty stomachs , ryan felt it too . he ought to have been worrying about where their next meal might come from . however , he could nt shake his thoughts from the window behind him . even covered up , he felt like something was watching them . newline newline he kept his back to it , did his best not to alert anyone else to his suspicions . his wife s eyes lingered on him , though . they had been through hard times , but she knew him better than anyone else . there was no hiding his concern . but maybe she might mistake his fears for more rational ones . he locked his gaze with hers , tried to pass along an unspoken word of encouragement , everything is okay . newline newline her eyes were questioning . but what did they ask ? what did you see ?  perhaps . or perhaps even more likely , are you losing it , ryan ? can we depend on your anymore ?  newline newline another hour passes newline newline putting the children to bed early helps them to forget their small portions for dinner . ryan spent his time pacing the house , reading over the same faded text of the newspapers they had used to insulate their walls . newline newline  ca nt you sit still ?  his wife asked .  you re making me nervous .  newline newline  i m sorry .  he apologized . he joined her at the kitchen table , the wooden chair creaking under his weight .  just feel trapped is all . in this house . and these damn storms .  newline newline she frowned , candle light casting dark shadows on her face . little black rivers trickled from the corners of her lips and eyes . a year ago , even , she still had the smooth skin of youth .  maybe it s time .  newline newline he nodded wordlessly , his fingers tapping on his dusty trousers . newline newline  ai nt much better , at aunt beth s , but we ca nt live on like this .  she said , always with a hushed tone . newline newline  you think they re taking in ?  he asked back with a whisper ,  ca nt imagine we re the first ones to think on it .  newline newline  the children , at least .  she replied , eyes cold , barely any life left in them , cheeks sunken in , as she adjusted her hair away from her eyes he saw how frail her fingers and wrists looked .  they wo nt turn away our boys .  newline newline  you supposing we leave em , if it come to it ?  he asked sadly . did nt want to think about it . but , as his wife said , it s about time . newline newline  i think ...  she whispered ,  we ll have to do whatever it takes . ai nt got no choices left .  newline newline ryan frowned . then the hair on his arms stood on end . a scratching , beneath the floor . wind sometimes rattled down there , tossing pebbles around . but this sounded different . it felt..alive . a rat ? a snake ? something else ? something more sinister ? he swallowed and looked to his wife , who was staring thoughtfully to the floor . perhaps she thinks it s a rodent . her gaze shifted up to him , a look that asked , can we catch it and eat it ?   no choices left .  he nodded his head ,  we ll leave when the storm breaks .  newline newline time passes ...  newline newline damn the storm . howling away , no signs of losing its breath . its hands gripped their house and was trying to uproot it from the ground . was it morning yet ? night again ? ryan was losing track . they were all locked up in a house with no windows . newline newline one of his children was sitting on the floor , whimpering . he had no tears left , the storms had dried those up too . he felt his instincts telling him he was failing as a father . his family was withering before his eyes . newline newline but there was always ... something ... beyond the walls . beneath the floor . crawling over the roof . wind , just wind . just dusty wind . but does wind tap ? and scratch ? the shutters . the rocks being blown around . that must be it . he looked towards the window . it was no cherry tree . it was no tarp . he knew it . he had nt lost his mind , not yet . newline newline more time passes newline newline  just need to see , just need to see .  ryan said . he could nt stand the candlelight anymore . the dancing shadows . faces creeping through doorways out of the corner of his vision . he stumbled towards the door . newline newline  what are you doing ?  his wife asked . newline newline  just got ta  look outside . make sure its  he licked his lips and met her gaze . there was fear in it this time . at him ? or what s out there ? perhaps she felt it too . or maybe his churning thoughts had got him mumbling again . maybe she thought he was going mad . he took a deep breath ,  maybe we can get out , now .  newline newline she stood from the table and planted her hands on the table , she spoke slowly ,  that would be foolish , and you know it . the storm will pass . we just need to keep it together .  newline newline ryan shook his head ,  we ca nt linger here much longer . just let me look .  newline newline  ryan  newline newline  just let me look !  he edged closer to the door ,  make sure the way is clear .  newline newline  poppa !  newline newline the house shuddered , groaned . another heavy gust of wind . more scratches beneath the floorboards . newline newline  just need to look .  he whispered . the door handle was cold to the touch , sent tingles up his arm . newline newline  do nt open that door . you know what s out there .  his wife was nt whispering anymore . newline newline the door swung open . ryan stared out into the churning dust . the beast had already devoured them , swallowed the house whole and plunged them into the raging belly of terrible , moaning wind . it shouted and shook the roof . and it sent whispered whizzing by his ears . terrible , demonic whispers that he could nt understand . he could nt hear his family screaming behind him as his entire world was filled with swirling shadows and rushing air filling his eyes , nostrils , throat and ears . his skin was pelted by microscopic projectiles , his torn and ragged clothes whipping over his body . they needed to get out of there , if it was not already too late . newline newline the storm passes newline newline a once black car , now stained brown , red and gray puttered down the road . the two men inside stared sadly at the battered house , front door hanging limply upon its last remaining hinge . newline newline  think they moved on ?  the passenger asked , fitting his wide brimmed hat to his balding head once he stepped out of the vehicle . newline newline  we ll see , i suppose .  the other replied , a man much older than the passenger . newline newline they approached the house , feet crushing across loose dirt and rocks . the older man swept a hand over the rail of the front porch , his fingers leaving an inch deep line in the dirt . newline newline  ah , hell .  the passenger said , covering his mouth and nose with his sleeve . a skeleton lay just beyond the front door , half buried in the dust that whipped through . newline newline the older man sighed and stepped beyond the creaking front door and removed his hat . it was an unsettling sight , the skeleton sitting upright against the far wall , table and chairs upturned in front of it . the blouse that had slipped off the bony remnants of the deceased shoulders hinted that this one was the wife of the household . newline newline  second one like it this week .  he heard his partner spit behind him .  and i ll be damned . i saw ryan no more than a month ago . two weeks , maybe !  newline newline the old man grumbled sourly to himself , eyes finding yet another , smaller , heap of bones curled in the middle of the room . scattered about as if they had all died suddenly . he glanced back to the door , odd for a man to die of hunger standing at his doorway . usually those types would be found in bed . furniture scattered about , toppled over , hard to say if anything was missing these days . people had pitiful bounties for looting . newline newline  what the hell happened .  newline newline  god only knows .  the old man said ,  or the devil . knowing what i know now i would have never set foot in that archaeological dig . the forgotten city , they had dubbed it , its discovery the finding of the century . newline an entire city , or its remains rather , had been found carved into the steep mountains of a previously unmapped region in tibet , and entire civilization had apparently vanished from their homes one day , never to return . newline newline the forgotten city , was indeed forgotten , not even the locals knew of its existence , but how could they , if the city was hidden , or rather someone chose to erase it from the maps . if only they had kept it so newline newline being offered the opportunity to participate in the dig was a dream beyond anything i had ever experience , as if the city called me , as if i was always destined to go . upon arriving i marveled at the mountains , and there it was , carved directly into the face of the mercilessly slanted cliff was a city so perfect , it makes skyscrapers look like child  s play . newline newline climbing was the only way to access the remote location , i was never one for heights but the city called me , it beckoned me to come home . hoisting myself up i saw the splendor , hallways of obsidian glistening with shimmering light that danced in your eyes , tall structures of smooth stone , i ran my hand through them and felt their coldness . i was the first person in over 10,000 years to admire the sight , and in the distance i could see a small artifact on the smooth floor . newline newline running , eager , as i got closer , yet i could not believe it ! ! ! newline newline my eyes were playing tricks on me , a digital camera ? newline newline here ? ? ? but why ? the forgotten city has been abandoned for thousands of years , and even with sophisticated climbing equipment getting to it is no walk in the park . newline then it hits me , how did the ancient civilization get here ? newline newline i pick the camera up in awe , and i know what to do . in a trance i turn it on , my eyes burn , agony , pain and then , everything goes dark . newlinedear mary , newline newline newline newline i m sorry for not writing to you for so long . the tides turned against us , and we ve lost more than 30 men in just two days . i do nt know if we can still come out victorious after the latest events . newline newline newline newline i think about you day and night . your beautiful smile that always made me happy , the smell of fried eggs and bacon in the morning , the pleasant sound of elizabeth giggling when she played outside ... those things remind me that i m alive and that i m not alone in this world . newline newline newline newline i hope i will get out of this hellhole and see you two again . you re the most precious things in my life , and i will never abandon you . newline newline newline newline i love y newline newline newline newline it s been 10 hours , but the battle is over . i feel guilty and immoral for doing this , but war can change you . change you for the worst . newline newline newline newline it brings out the monster in every man . the piercing sounds of cannons and rifles , the agonized screams of the wounded , the haunting silence that follows all those bloody battles . they change you . newline newline newline newline you get used to them , but something inside you wants to escape from those things as fast as possible . i am well aware that your husband was forced to go into the army and , after reading the first part of this letter , i realized that i widowed a loving wife and killed a good man , a man that deserved better . newline newline newline newline if i had the chance to read this letter before pressing that goddamned trigger , i would ve changed my mind . newline newline newline newline i m very sorry for what happened and will pray for you and your daughter . if you do nt want to forgive me , i understand that . newline newline newline newline sgt . adolf senfieldmemo : emotions newline newline he s a man of about 40years old . as he steps out of what i m guessing is his office building he s looking at the ground . he s shoulders are hanging down and his eyes are only half open . slowly he moves forward even though there is nothing but a fountain in front of him but he does nt seem to have any specific direction to go in . he stops walking about two meters in front of the bench i m sitting on and just stands there for a minute that must have felt like an hour for him . he starts to cry . it s been a long time since i ve seen a grown man cry and do nt really know how to react . some other people also notice it , but nobody does something . all of a sudden he throws his bag , with what i guess is a laptop into the fountain and starts crying even harder . newline newline then out of nowhere this little girls walks up to him and asks  are you sad sir ?  he looks at her and smiles between his tears .  why are you sad ?  , she asks .  little girl , you ve got to promise me something , never stop doing fun things in life , do nt become a mindless grey radar in an emotionless society . keep smiling and asking silly questions even when people tell you to be serious . life is nt ment to be serious . i am empty , i am nothing more than somebody who does a job , i let life pass me by .  the girl is staring at him with big eyes ,  then why do you do that job if you do nt like it ?   i do nt know little girl , i do nt know .  as he start crying even harder the little girls mom commes over and tells het to go back to the playground . as she leaves he takes out a pen and paper out of his pocket fall on his knees and starts scibbling .  thank you boss for the money all these years but i will not come again , i m going to travel the world !  , he says silently while writing . the mother of the little girl looks at him , frowns and walks away .even the preppers did nt see it coming . the dead had started walking in the middle of the night . daylight broke  it served no purpose whatsoever besides allowing us to gaze at the halfeaten maggotinfested living corpses of our loved ones , degraded to an unrecognizable extent . newline newline me , on the other hand ? i was safe . i did nt have any loved ones . the unwanted orphan , you get the cliche . but i was happy , content , and for lack of a better word , wanted for nothing . my flat was not too big , not too small . low enough that i could jump out and not get hurt , should the meds stop working . newline newline lucky me , being a bloody insomniac , i heard the walking dead trying to burst through my door , and failing miserably at that . i got my bat , packed some important belongings , and took a leap of faith . or should i say , a mix of desperation , pantspissing fear , sleepdeprived anger , and a general feeling of excitement . newline newline it s been a few months now . finally managed to settle down , made a name for myself as the local zombie killer . for me , i m glad i managed to get forty winks after i settled into the yorkshire colonies . and i practically became the colonies  lawman and sheriff . we ve found out new ways to fight the zombies and boy , were they varied . newline newline i awoke at the crack of dawn . there were the three of us , the chief , the deputy , and i . we met on that early autumnal morning at the top of the hill . we saw a horde of the big zee heading our way . so we prepared . once that was done , we were at our positions . and i swear , standing in those heavy cold winds , wielding a telecaster , with about 750 watts of power behind me , i felt like a fucking legend !i went more with a confidence trick . i hope this is humourous : newline newline the greed creed newline newline the streets of muhging were relatively quiet in the hazy summer night . the city , a stopover point for most of the trade caravans , was situated directly in the middle of the largest desert of the known world . the desert slopes create a bowl that all the moisture and clouds gather in , resting directly above the city . in the morning , the earlyrising sun heats the sand and cobbles to almost scorching temperatures , and then ducks behind clouds for the rest of the day trapping all the heat in . it is well known in travellers circles as the hottest and most humid location one can stop off in . as such , most jobs are in the selfpowered ceilingmounted fan industry . unfortunately , early attempts at powered heatdissipation fell short when the coal machinery required to rotate the fan made the room the fan was in unbearably hot . the original company went bankrupt almost immediately , and left the market wide open to the slightly less ironic crankpowered ceilingfans . newline those who ca nt find jobs building crankshafts and fanblades often turn to less legal means of money acquisition . muhging , as its namesake implies , has the highest highwayman percitizen recorded by local job census , and is home to the only legal graft guild who for a small government taxation are allowed to perform confidence tricks on unsuspecting travellers . newline newline down a back alley on the outskirts of the city , a door receives a knock , and soon after opens . newline  good evening si   newline  no thank you.  newline the door rapidly closes . the figure on the outside of the door is greeted only with a burst of cool air . the figure knocks again , and the door is again opened . newline  i am merely   newline the door closes as his momentarily illuminated grey , frizzy hair is again rustled by the breeze . he knocks a third time , and the door is opened with such force he feels the surrounding warm air get sucked into the house . newline  what do you want ?  newline  i would just like to know what you would do if you had a lot of money ?  newline  sigh fine , i would ... rent many prostitutes and live a life of ecstasy until i die happy in the missionary position . why ?  newline  anything else ,  asks the man , slowly inching himself closer to the door s entrance . he feels that a fan had been cranked quite recently in the house and is enjoying the cold air . he is wearing a large monks robe , and carrying a few large tomes on his back tied into a backpack with string . newline  donations to charities ?  newline  oh you must nt do that , sir.  newline the man looks confused . a monk seems to be standing in his doorway telling him not to donate to charity . this catches him acutely offguard . newline  monk ,  says the monk . the man took a few seconds to realise that was his name . newline  oh uhm , brian ,  replies the man . newline monk takes the lapse in brian s concentration to enter his house and sit on one of his chairs . he gives his back a stretch when he puts the tomes down on the floor . newline  you can have a seat you know , we need nt let all the hot air from outside in.  newline brian shuts the door and walks over to sit down on his second favourite chair . newline  though a glass of water would do wonders for my crumbling complexion ,  monk hints . brian , only half way to sitting down , stands back up and walks into the kitchen . newline the glass of water is set on the table , and brian gives the ceilingfan a few cranks before sitting back down , as is custom in muhging when visitors enter . monk sips his water and begins . newline newline  put simply , you should nt give anyone money , as it inspires greed.  newline  what if i choose carefully ? only people who really need it ?  newline  why would you want to do that ? those without money lead clean and virtuous lives . as soon as they get money , they think of all the material possessions they can have , and you have just given them greed and a life sentence in hell.  newline  hell ? all because of my money ?  newline brian suddenly remembers where he s living . newline  and i suppose you want me to give you all my money to save my soul ,  he says with a smirk , thinking he had oneupped monk . newline  of course not , i do not want any of your money . do with it as you wish , but this is about helping others get to heaven ,  he replies . this confuses brian even more , as he thinks maybe monk is being sincere . newline  what should i do then ? burn all my money ?  newline  oh no you must nt . the greed inside the notes clogs the air , and innocent , virtuous people breathe it in . also , god hates smog.  newline  well what do you suggest ?  newline  if you keep the money , your path will be towards hell initially . however , the more money you gain , the less others have , making your selflessness outweigh the greed . in other words the less people you give money to , the more chance of you going to heaven.  newline by this point , brian nods along , as it makes some sort of sense to him . newline  so am i on a path straight to hell ?  newline  currently , yes . do not worry though , my child , for there is time to reform.  newline  do you have any tips for this ,  brian asks . newline  during my more active years , i have been known to take money off people on the street at knife point , forcing the greed out of their wallets . it is for their own good after all.  newline  wait , is nt that   newline  yes , you must mug in the name of god , for it is his will.  newline  but that sounds ...  newline  normal , yes . why do you think tax collectors always seem to travel alongside religious icons ? like their true goal , you should stockpile all the money you can find . take as much as you can off others , without giving any back . the more you gain , the more you save.  newline brian thinks some more . newline  so should i take your money at knife point ?  newline  ah my child , if you can . after all , this money is getting me into heaven . the more you have , the more god will be pleased . soon you will be able to go forth and spread god s word ! be rich and greedy , so those less fortunate will go to heaven.  newline  should i start killing people to get their money ?  newline  you must treat life like a set of scales , young one . killing will sit heavy on your scales , tipping the hell  scale beyond redemption . mere mugging is relatively light.  newline  but how will i get money without killing people ?  newline  you can injure them , as long as they do nt die from your causes . also robbing banks , houses or businesses is also fine.  newline  but those are illegal ,  brian starts ,  wo nt i go to jail ?  newline  ah you most likely will , but be glad god is testing you , and that when you get out you can continue doing his good works . life is nt meant to be easy , young one.  newline brian is impressed . the entire world has been explained to him and it all makes sense . he offers to house monk for the night , and monk agrees . newline newline after a night of sleepless hours of talking and drinking and eating and cranking the fan , monk answers all brian s questions . the two bond as monk tells tales of his time in a monastery , and how he found the greed creed . as the sun rises over muhging , heating the cobbles for the day , brian is now exhausted . newline newline  how did you get so wise , monk ? you must be very old.  newline  ah , i have travelled far and wide , friend . my disciples are many , from different walks of life , so much so i have realised that age in this greedy world is inconsequential . it has taken so many years to learn god s true message , and it is a teaching that can not be passed down through human means.  newline  i wish to spend my life learning this true message . please , let me be your disciple.  newline monk sits for a while contemplating . he sips his water . newline  i do not think you are quite ready to undertake this momentous task , young brian.  newline  no i m ready , i m ready !  newline  there is still much learning for you to do , but i am weary and old , and my mind is not as strong as it once was . perhaps ... no , never mind.  newline  tell me monk ,  brian begs . newline  well , i do have these tomes which contain all i have learned about the true faith , the greed creed . i was planning on selling them to one of my most devout followers , but you seem to need them more , although he has offered a high price.  newline  such is to learn the secrets of god , i will give you everything i own !  newline brian rushes to his safe , dials in the combination and swings the door open . he pulls out handfuls of money and stuffs them into a bag , along with a very large diamonda family heirloom . he gives monk the bags and picks up the tomes from off the floor . newline  thank you brian . now , i must be off . please , do not read tomes until i am gone , for it will be too sad to part with them.  newline newline brian agrees , and ushers monk out the door with his bags of coins , notes and diamond . as soon as the door is closed , brian locks it and sets to work opening the first tome entitled the greed creed . newline on the first page inside the hefty tome are simply the words : newline  dear reader , you clearly do nt get the rules of the greed creed . thank you for giving me all your money.  newline the remaining pages are left completely blank .joey sits at the console trying to remember some archaic nano command as he refines his botnet trojan .  shit , how do you delete 4 lines at a time ,  he says to himself as he reaches for a tissue to cough into . newline newline  goddamn cold ,  he says to himself with a scowl . he takes another aleved and chews it in his mouth after seeing there s no liquids nearby . newline newline more coding , more building , and testing on his windows vms . he sneers as the windows logo appears on the vm which he purposely infects , restores , and reinfects over and over again . newline newline he stops for almost a minute fighting and losing to a hacking cough . he stands up , pissed at his cough , and kicks the drywall hard enough to crack it . he puts down the tissue , eyes the blood in it , and tosses it into the wastebasket . the short squat wastebasket is almost full of tissues . newline newline joey pulls out a vscan handheld medtron and puts it up to his throat . he holds down the scan button and the light , barely visible under his chin , goes from red to green with a quiet ding sound . he holds the vscan up to his face , adjusts his glasses , and reads the tiny unlit lcd display .  infection v  3948  newline newline he punches  infection v 3948  into a little command line browser he always keeps open . google spits out hundreds of hits . the first link is some cdc bullshit . the third from the top is from an estonian hacker forum . he clicks on it and scans the text . lots of words he does nt understand , but its obvious this is a tailored biological virus of unknown origin . causes blackouts , erratic behavior , and a terrible cough . lots of conspiracy theories but nothing of value . no fatalities and it usually goes away after two weeks . newline newline joey tries to read more , the words get blurry , fatigue hits hard , and he falls asleep at the keyboard . he has the same reoccurring dream . it happens just like it always does . he s a toddler and his parents are still together . mom is screaming as she s holding him and dad is outside under the window yelling something . mom is surrounded by fire and is burning . his little toddler outfit is starting to burn . mom throws him out the window , aiming for dad , and as he s flying toward dad he wakes up sweating and gasping for air . newline newline joey awakes and groggily readjusts his glasses . he looks at his monitor and finds bash is now pointed at his homerootcoins directory . its empty . his entire wealth is mysteriously and suddenly gone . there s nothing in the logs about any sort of remote entry , nor have the logs been wiped . he then presses the up button to reveal the last command typed and sees an ftp command pointing to some server he s never seen before .  who typed this ?  he yells suddenly . he tries to reconnect to that server but there s no response . he looks at the clock . he s been unconscious for almost six hours . newline newline angry , he stands up and kicks the wall again , puncturing the drywall this time . he furiously researches the virus he has . all the links are just conspiracy theories about mind control , hypnosis , zombies , etc . the earliest entry in a popular russian forum is from someone named androidandrov . the entry is titled  v3948 released .  its a short cryptic message just consisting of  autor here virus good , best work . i hack you .  newline newline joey leans back in his chair , looks at his hands for a moment , and whispers  ironic , is nt it  to himself . newlinecry out to the scarlet , unknowing sky that lingers as does a corpse above you , for naught but the hostile , pleading , dying shriek of the children of this unforgiving plane of sorrow will capture the sparing attention of the fettered gods above . newline newline cry out , and weep as this bitter world falls to multitudinous , scintillating shards of reality while the halfformed faces of your fleeting guardians look on and give a soft , hazy grin . newline newline cry out , let your all too mortal lungs expel their final , strained ounce of lifegiving air , and breathe in the next breath as one does the dancing inferno of survival . newline newline take your grounded stance , and breathe a solid , cool breath . take your fateful steps , onetwo , onetwo , up the ashen , steel staircase , and breathe a flowing , rushing breath . grasp the oncewhite , oncepristine podium that now lies crooked and burnt , and feel the biting sweep of the cold , tangy , irradiated wind across the illfitting gaps of your mask . bare your crying face to the world , to the crowd of painful tears and angry shouts , and throw your mask to the charred ground with the finality of a binding chain . newline newline breathe in the fire of dreadful war , the fire of stubborn , laughing refusal to let playful fate have her toying way with the world , and speak .the jedi are not a bureaucracy , there is no jedi council . the jedi are analogous to medieval knights or samurai , with very passive moral and ethical codes , similar to buddhist monks . they are spread throughout the galaxy loyally working for various sovereign states and leaders , but some are also private contractors working for themselves . the jedi are not celibate , and are actively pursuing the continuation of a force sensitive bloodline . this could be an important theme throughout the films , the jedi are worried about how to continue their kind , and how to properly train their children etc ... obiwan is the main protagonist of the films . it starts with obiwan completing his training alone with yoda , they could be discussing their worries about the future of the jedi . then it focusses on obiwan becoming a teaching figure and finding anakin , who could be a streetrat sort of character , misbehaving but insanely talented . in the context of panic about the future of the jedi , obiwan wants to train anakin . obiwan also finds and trains some other promising jedi , including a female character who becomes romantically involved with anakin , and later gives birth to luke and leia . obiwan should be only slightly older than anakin . the films focus on their characters and their relationship from the start and actually establish their friendship . cue epic force and lightsaber training scenes with some yoda in the mix , fun adventures together etc ... newline newline from there you can simultaneously establish palpatine s character as another older jedi , frustrated with the current obedience and ethics of the jedi , who remain faithful to their respective realms . he believes that due to their power and skill , the jedi should group together and rise up to rule . palpatine has met obiwan and yoda a couple of times , and he meets anakin once while visiting them . while doing his own work , he somehow stumbles upon an ancient sith manuscript or force sensitive object , and teaches himself the ways of the dark side , becoming very powerful . palpatine tries to convince other jedi to join his cause , and he kills any of the jedi who do nt accept . the jedi are too morally sound and passive to join him , and they do not have a lust for power being satisfied with their simple , understated lives . however , he manages to get through to anakin , who is still being trained by obiwan and is not a mature jedi yet . obiwan and the female jedi character fail to convince anakin to come back to the light side . anakin defeats obiwan in battle and is about to kill him , but is saved by the female jedi student . anakin sees this as a betrayal and kills her  obviously this is all happening after the birth of their children  . newline newline obiwan , injured but still alive , hides luke and leia . leia mentions in a new hope that obiwan fought with her father in the clone wars , so obiwan was a jedi working for her adoptive father , and the clone wars were some smaller scale interplanetary war between alderaan and some other nearby planets that obiwan had been a spy or warrior in . he searches for and finds an apathetic and defeated yoda who has gone into hiding , lost all hope now that the other jedi have been murdered . yoda essentially cuts the cord with obiwan and convinces him that the best thing to do is to go live out the rest of his days in peace away from the empire s grip . the two leave each other and lose contact . obiwan decides to go stay on tatooine and watch over the baby boy from afar . newline newline cue a new hope ...one would believe that the development of a multiverse is akin to mitosis , multiplying constantly and encouraging growth . that is wrong . the reality of the situation is that all of the multiverse simply was at the beginning , and has always been in a state of deterioration . if you had to make a metaphor , compare the multiverse to a brain and then each individual universe to a neuron flickering away . slowly yet definitely , the multiverse will at one point be gone forever . newline newline other fun facts : one universe consists of one planet . you can not argue this unless you  ve met another conscious species from another planet . consciousness is crucial in the management of a planet . opposed , ethereal forces will seize upon specific universes and pass judgment upon them . one force is sustained by the existence of the multiverse and fights to preserve it . the other force feeds off of the dead matter of lost worlds . the forces can not fight each other directly , thus they manifest themselves into competitions of skill . newline newline on one planet , the overly dramatic forces staged and fought a hundred year war . millions died at first , then as the population withered away the spectacle became an embarrassment . the preservers conceded to the feeders to put the whole ordeal behind them . after that moment , the forces presented themselves in microcosms of competition . a game of pong . an arm wrestling match . rock paper scissors . a race to the porch and back . if the feeders won , the universe was obliterated . it became a quick , entertaining procedure for both sides . newline the fate of one particular world rested on a preserver wearing a tshirt and sweatpants drinking soda out of a twoliter bottle and a feeder wearing a vest over a turtleneck in seventy degree weather . he sweated profusely as he set up a chessboard . newline newline  i prefer checkers ,  the preserver said as he reached into his grocery bag and pulled out a bagel . newline newline the feeder looked over to his ancient rival ,  we agreed upon chess . if i had it my way , we would be deciding matters over a game of tennis.  the preserver laughed , picking at his food ,  i  m not running back and forth in this weather . you can eat this world and twenty more like if i had to play sports.  newline newline the feeder sighed and sat across the preserver ,  let  s not talk . your appearance and demeanor is repugnant.  the manifestations of the opposed forces has become its own psychological game  the preserver and feeder distract one another with averse depictions  the preservers grow uglier to the distaste of the feeder , and the feeder becomes more vain to throw the preserver off tilt . newline newline the game began . after the preserver  s first move , the feeder studied the board . in their ancient feud spanning across a vast amount of time and space , the preservers and feeders never invested too much time into learning one particular game well . the world  s best chess player can probably outplay any player from the multiverse  ironically , a chess grandmaster can think fifty moves ahead of their opponent , yet could not begin to comprehend the true form of a preserver or feeder without their brain pouring out of their nose . newline newline the feeder moved his pawn and began to observe the other chess players at the park and the rest of the world  s inhabitants . there was a college nearby , so many coeds were bouncing all over the place catching frisbees . dogs ran rampant after other dogs with sticks in their mouths . children clung to monkeybars , kicking at the void under their undeveloped legs . the feeder did not have to justify his actions to the preserver , but he did appreciate the world  s he would feast on . many were exactly the same , and the feeder could watch the duplicate of the same child grow big and strong while the feeder day after day ate his worlds one after another . newline newline the preserver moved a piece . then the feeder went . the preserver burped . the feeder sipped on a ten dollar bottle of water that he retrieved from his messenger bag . the two stared at each other in resentment as the battle raged . newline newline the preserver saw an opportunity for a possible checkmate . as he moved his piece , a kickball hit the table , sending the chess pieces across the floor . the preserver and feeder stared at the board and one another as they fought to remember what the protocol was for a disrupted game . a young woman with dark , tight brown curls wearing a shirt and shorts attractively too tight on her flashed the two men a quick , unapologetic frown .  i  m sorry ! i have terrible aim.  the feeder and preserver saw that two teams were waiting impatiently for the girl to retrieve the ball so their own game could resume . newline newline the feeder began to put the pieces back on the table , unaware exactly which piece went where to continue :  it  s okay . just a game , after all.  the girl smiled , took her ball back and mouthed sorry to the men before she left . both men watched her return to her friends before they turned on each other . newline newline  i should have won ,  the preserver testified . newline newline  nonsense . you just believed you were winning ,  the feeder retorted . they smiled at each other , understanding that the game was a draw by default , yet the conflict must resolve . newline  chess is boring . what else can we play ?  newline newline  we could gamble on the kickball game.  newline newline they turned their attention to the undergrads whom played with a severity that only rears itself through recreational sports . the teams battered each other with the red rubber ball . the players ran at the bases hard . feeder asked the brunette who was winning . she thought for a moment and then had to ask someone else .  i think we are , but we aren  t really keeping score.  newline newline the two men sat in the grass , drinking soda and water , watching young adults play a children  s game . the fate of the universe , pulled in one way by the voracious maw of the feeder and the other by the firm grasp of the preserver , rested upon which of these athletes approached them first and told them who won . newlineeveryone s got a weakness for something , right ? we re human , it s inherent for us to have flaws and make mistakes . some of us just fuck up more than others . newline newline i have a serious problem with gambling . seriously serious  i ll get a paycheck and immediately blow it all at a casino . i m a weak man , my family struggles to put food on the table but i ll be sitting at a slot machine half the day . newline newline it was at its worst , though , when the casino owners started recognizing me . they quickly realized that i was easy prey and the owner of my favorite one , casablanca , approached me one day . he was all smiles and pleasantries , offering me whiskey and cigars . newline newline  how about i make you a vip ,  he told me , grinning from ear to ear , shifting his fedora .  you ll become a millionaire . i ll lend you a grand for you to spend here , and you can pay me back once you win big .  newline newline i m a sucker , so of course i fell for it . i blew that entire stack of chips and won nothing in return . i did nt even have a dime left for a drivein . of course , the owner expected this . newline newline  you got 30 days to pay me back double or you re my bitch for life ,  he spat in my face , choking me and holding a gun to my head . all the smiles and pleasantries were gone now just me and an angry mafia boss . newline newline two thousand dollars is more than i could even make in a year , though . i knew i was fucked from the getgo . all there was for me to do was leave my family what little money i made and abandon them so the mafia would nt bother them for my failures . newline newline a month had passed , and i tried to run for my life . hide in another state , maybe start a new life somewhere . unfortunately , they d been watching me the whole time . newline newline my buggy was destroyed , so i tried to run on foot . two big mobsters with pistols chased me down an alleyway and cornered me at a dead end . newline newline  the boss wants you to know that we ve seen ya family ,  one of them said , laughing in my face . i dropped to my knees and cried  i d ruined my family s lives as well as my own . a true failure . newline newline i felt cold metal press against my skull . in the end , i was just a coward , begging for the release of death . newline newline  i think i ll kill this one and say he put up a fight . his crying makes me sick , i do nt want no bitch working around us . i hate weak little men like him ,  one of them said .  plus , then we get to go after his cute little wife .  newline newline a cracking gunshot freed me from my hell . make sure you tidy up after you re done eating tom , i do nt want to come back to a sink full of dishes .  dad picked up his keys from the coffee table , wrapping a scarf around his neck with his other hand . newline newline  we ll be back by nine , but i hate driving on that road in the dark ,  dad sighed to himself as he put on his shoes . newline newline  oh relax harry , it ll be fine , if needs be we ll drive the longer way round and go through town .  mum walked in , buttoning up her jacket . she turned to me , her mouth was smiling but her eyes stayed serious ,  make sure you do something productive tom , do nt just sit around . have you looked at any more universities to apply to yet ?  newline newline i shrugged my shoulders , glancing down at my phone , waiting until they left so i could get two hours of fun .  do nt just shrug , do something . you ve got a phone and a laptop , use them for something useful . mr.gates  son just got an interview at durham , you re just as smart as he is .  i was nt . newline newline i waved as they drove away , the midsize bmw saloon purring softly as dad used his typical light touch . finally , alone time . newline my parents , harry and elaine walker , are honest to god the most boring people on the face of this planet . there is nothing remarkable about them . they grew up normal , went to normal school , normal university , met a normal way , got married , had two kids , naturally an older girl and a younger boy . newline we live in a quiet village full of identikit families , identical mock tudor four bedroom houses with a garage and a modest garden . newline we buy normal food , go on holiday for a week once a year to somewhere in spain or the south of france , hang out with other families for brunch on a sunday where the dads talk about their work and mums talk about curtains . newline newline i walked towards the kitchen , i could still smell the pasta mum had made , my stomach rumbled as i remembered i had nt eaten after rugby training . i skipped a little over the cold tiles , when i felt one of them wobble beneath my toes . dad would flip if he saw it , we only got the kitchen redone a year ago . newline i leaned down to see if i could slide it back into place , when a flash of metal underneath caught my eye . i lifted the tile , underneath was a small metal hatch , revealing a red button when i flipped it open . newline newline i shook my head , making sure the hunger was nt making me imagine things , but it was still there . i ran my finger across the button , trying to think of what it could be . some sort of emergency switch in case of a fire ? an old feature left by a previous owner ? or ... fuck it . i pressed the button . the rack of shelves to my left slid smoothly to one side , revealing a space in the wall with a ladder running down into the cellar . only we did nt have a cellar . newline i clambered down one rung at a time , trying to make out details in the darkness , until eventually i felt my foot land on a thick carpet . the lights came on . newline newline the walls were lined with glass trophy cabinets , full to the brim with pictures , medals , strange artefacts . i walked up to a cabinet containing a golden shield , a picture of my mum next to it , a newspaper clipping from 1986 about a mystery hero stopping a train from derailing . i moved to the next case , a chunk of the berlin wall was lying there with some graffiti scrawled on it , a crude drawing of a flying man with the word  hero  underneath . my heart was racing , what was all of this ? newline more cabinets , more artefacts , more newspaper stories , more pictures of my parents . one of my mum midpunch from a cctv screen grab , one of dad throwing a flaming plane engine away from a runway . newline newline  tom , you were nt supposed to see this .  my heart skipped a beat , i turned to see dad standing there . newline newline  what the fuck is all this ?  newline newline  do nt swear ,  he took off his glasses , hooking them onto the collar of his jumper .  this is , this is a past life . me and your mother , well we met doing something rather , odd .  newline newline  odd ?  newline newline  foiling a coup in el salvador , the government could nt send the army , so they asked us to go and use our skills . special skills , some have even dubbed them superpowers .  he walked into the room , gesturing for me to sit down on the sofa in the middle .  tom , have you ever wondered why you re so good at rugby ?  just to practice my fingers at writing and my brain at dreaming a story , not really anything i would call good . but hey maybe someone will .  newline newline i did it i finally killed that generic hero name . generic hero name sure was a pain in the ass while i had to deal with him , but hey now he  s dead and i can finally devote myself to my evil plans . what were they ? fuck , god damn it , i can  t recall . it probably was something like world domination , isnt that what world geniuses do . i mean this fight has been so time consuming i haven  t had the time to sit down and read a book , or watch a movie in ages . newline newline generic villain name goes and watches watchmen . newline newline so , the goal of the villains in these movies now is world domination in order to save humanity from itself . or were the bad guys the dude putting people in prison or killing them for committing crimes . that did not help at all . thank you , humanity . maybe that  s it , i hate humanity so much i want to enslave it , or kill it , or something similar . no , not ringing a bell . newline newline generic villain name spends the next entire week in bed . newline newline what is my life now ? i mean has no meaning . i can  t figure what to do , stupid generic hero name killed all my sidekicks , so no one is alive to remind me of why i am evil , why were we fighting ? god , i hate generic hero name . but without him my life has no meaning , well without the constant fighting between us . so , the question that poses itself is very simple should i kill myself and fight generic hero name in the afterlife or revive him and fight him here . well i am a villain after all and we usually have very complicated easy to frustrate plans , so let  s revive the bastard . newline newline generic villain name proceeds to summon satan . newline newline oh well that did not work , obviously generic hero name is not there and why would he be , he  s the  good  guy . in our fights , which involve the destruction of at times entire cities and killing of millions of innocent bystanders , and sometimes sidekicks , to the point we no longer bothered with getting new ones , he  s the good one . should i talk with the guy up there , would he even pick up the phone . well i should at least give it a try . newline newline generic villain name calls god . newline newline seems like the old men is not too much into me , he doesn  t like generic hero name too much though , and since he is stuck with him up there . he  s going to give it a try . although getting quartered is a little harder to recover from than crucifixion . newline newline generic villain name gets a text from god saying he failed . newline newline that was to be expected , to be honest i don  t really think he was that much into it . ok seems like the bible didn  t really work , time to bring in the big guns . where was frankeinstein  s number again . oh right the idiot is more backwards than god , he doesn  t have a phone , guess i got ta go knock on his door , and i better retrieve the 4 pieces of generic hero name . newline newline generic villain name does exactly what he proposed himself to do and succeeds . newline newline generic villain name and generic hero name live happily ever after fighting each other over whatever reason caused them to fight in the first place . newline newline the end newlinethere is a man . i see him there , standing in the window of the building opposite . tall , slim , i think . dark hair , darker eyes , though the glare on the window he hides behind makes it difficult . standing there again , for the third day . i take out the scuffed note book from inside my jacket and flick through the pages . descriptions in my own neat hand , lists of dates , rows of small and cautious lines . i count my tally with care . yes , the third day . newline newline hiding behind that glare , this one is cautious . the cautious ones are the dangerous ones , take it from someone that knows . some , some are brazen , rushing and yelling , waving knives or guns or both . once a spoon  that one wasn  t expecting me . a slow one , giving herself away on the tram by the quick adjustment of her slack jaw and gormless watching . two days to make sure , and then on the third i followed her home . a greasy little flat in the equally greasy part of vienna . i drowned her in her soup before she could scoop out my eyeballs and use them as condiments . a lucky story , but for another time  this one has moved from the window . newline newline no , this one is cautious , he will not be so easy . they move about me like ghosts , these ones , if ghosts can come from the future . i begin to suspect they can . all sorts i get , and some with the weirdest hair , and the rest a collage of accents and faces . but no matter how different they may be their aim never varies . a knife in the gut in a dark ally , a bullet to the brain , the wire wrapping tight and sharp into the soft flesh of my neck . i bear their scars , some , the lucky few that got me before i learnt better . now i don  t give them the chance . i keep my head down , i move softly , i act swiftly . newline newline vienna is a good city for me . lost in the crowd i become a face amongst faces , a fleck amongst flecks . i am a fleck now as i push myself through the seething people fighting their way home , but i as i press on i resist the smile that curls the edge of my mouth . this will be the one , i think , today will be the day . i know he is there , hiding behind the glare of the sweaty faces , i feel his eyes on my back , his knife trembling over my head . it shall not be , i think . newline newline suddenly i burst free of the crowd , ducking and running down a side ally in a swirl of dust and rubbish , with my case tight under one arm . a hurried set of footsteps follows and i allow a grin to flicker across my face . around another corner and i crouch , slipping the blade from the sheath on my calf , waiting with my heart in my ears and the grin still flickering . but before he reaches me the footsteps slow , too cautious by far . the grin morphs to a snarl . i bait my breath . newline newline  hallo ? herr hitler ?  newline newline what ? no , that is wrong . i almost laugh at the mistake . almost . his accent is good , i think , pure german . but mistakes are unforgivable . newline newline  kann ich mit ihnen sprechen ? ber ihre malerei ?  newline newline i have to catch myself . he knows too much . the paintings are my greatest and most open secret . they are the mask i wear , the shield i carry . no job has been as safe for me as painting , where i might hide and watch and move on in an instant . my mind rages , how can he know , how can he know . i grip the knife and lunge around the corner . newline newline he is stood in the middle of the ally when i charge , and his image is frozen in my mind . standing strong he levels a small revolver at my head and fires . thankfully he is a terrible shot . i barrel into him , gripping behind the knees and with a small satisfaction feel the familiar twang of the knife against ligament . then we are on the ground and here is where the real fun begins . a real fight , imbued with that savage thrill , the struggle for survival . this one is scrappy for all his caution . i am almost disappointed , and as i pin him down and spit the grit from my teeth and slide the blade slowly into his side i tell him so . newline newline  you are a cautious man and you speak well , but you are sloppy and that i can not abide.  i give the hilt a little pat as i sigh . a yelp is a pathetic sound , i think .  it is all in the killing , that  s what i say.  i show him my teeth as he shows me the whites of his ever widening eyes .  how do you know me ?  newline newline i see confusion amongst the pain , how odd . and then a laugh , quiet and shivering with pain but a laugh nonetheless .  know you ? how could i not know you ,  pinned to the ground with a knife snug in his guts he somehow draws himself up and spits in my face . the dark eyes flash under their dark hair ,  you are adolf hitler , murderer of millions , scum of the earth . in 1933 you will be elected to german chancellor and in 1939 you will cause the worst war the world has ever seen . may your bones rot in the hell they crawled from.  newline newline i admit when i set out to discover the reasons of my life  s corruptions that was not the answer i was expecting . perhaps in my madness i hoped to find some centre of sanity . what a paranoid fool i am . with relish i pull the knife from his side and watch the droplets of blood twist dull red through the dusty light . they fall soft and warm on my face . newline newline  how intriguing ,  i wipe the blood from my eyes ,  how very intriguing . the name is annoying , but not too unreasonable , i suppose . certainly it is liveable , i don  t see why not.  newline newline the man  s face pales , although that might have just been the bleeding . something was dawning .  you don  t mean  newline newline  well , i would hate to disappoint ,  and i plunged the knife deep into his neck to reiterate the point . not the messiest , i don  t think , but certainly not the cleanest . bodies do bleed awfully , i must find some way better . and there is so much to do , so much to think about doing . the sheet has been pulled back and the ghosts are gone , the cogs are turning , i think . new ambitions stir . names must be changed . adolf hitler . the mistake is amusing , but it has a ring to it . newline the devil s hands are an idle plaything , satan . do nt you know that ?  as beelzebub tried to steal my mitts , i laughed at the incompetent guvnor . newline newline  but how ? you used the hand satanizer . you wiped your hands up nice and good with it . how are you not one of the damned by now ? !  the devil s words were purty . he had himself a purdy mouth . newline newline  i m a pagan . neither christian , nor devilish . you want to step to me , chief , you better get stepping . me and my boys are likely to throw you down the ol  apples an  pears .  i taunted old scratch , but he looked merely confused . newline newline  apples and pears ? speak english , goddamn it !  the devil imself could nt even understand a bit of the old queen s . i had to laugh at the notion . newline newline  i am , you right git .  and i was . english ? who the fuck did he think he was talking to ? newline newline  get where ? what the fuck are you talking about ? !  at once , i understood . it was an american devil , in london . newline newline  you d better start running , chap , or me and me friends will start to running on you . and we do nt stop until we re all satisfied . you kennit ?  i spoke , but the devil did nt kennit . newline newline  are.. are you threatening me ? !  yes , yes we were . and as we broke every bone in his body and used the rest for our pleasure , we had a hearty laugh . you see that jess ?  i asked , the coffee in my hand steaming . newline  see what. ?  she said , sipping her coffee and hugging herself against the cold breeze . newline  the city , the people , all of them .  gently i blew on my coffee . newline  what about them , jake ?  newline  just up untill a moment ago , this would have been gone  newline  well , you know what they say jake . ignorance is bliss  newline  no truer words said , jess . no truer words  i sipped my coffee , its aroma filled the cold night air , and we sat and we talked and the world went by oblivous to what could have been . newline edit : formattingdear martha , newline newline i want to see you so bad . i miss you . i miss my brother . i miss my mom and dad . i do nt know how much more of this i can take . newline newline newline i killed a man today . he came onto a bus full of people i was riding with today and threatended to blow it up . i saw the detonator in his hand so i knew he was nt joking . i had to kill him . people would have died if i did nt . he had to die . end of story . newline newline i stabbed him in the neck with the same knife dad gave me . but then , he looked me in the eyes . and all i could see was a another man . a man who had people he cared for . people he wanted to see one last time . newline newline he cried before he died . staring into my eyes . those eyes that were asking me , the same person that put him on the highway to hell , to take away what i could nt take back . newline newline i don  newline newline newline newline sorrywell this is kind of awkward ,  i thought to the girl who had appeared in my head . newline newline yeah , what the fuck ? can we turn this shit off or something ?  she thought back . newline newline uhh i do nt know this is my first time being psychic it did nt come with an instruction manual ...  i responded newline newline well shit ... we should get together sometime , i live in new york city she said . newline newline no way ! me to ! want to get together at seven ?  i asked . newline newline oooh i m sorry i work from noon to midnight .  she replied . newline newline fuck ... i work from midnight to noon .  i said . newline newline well hit ... there seems to be no possibility of us ever having direct interaction ... at least that means there s no reason for you to be embarrassed about your pissing fetish or whatever ...  she said . newline newline yeah umm.. i think it s best that we do nt meet anyway.. just try to keep your thoughts on the left side of your brain and i ll stay over here.. i said fairly . newline newline okay , sound goods she said agreeably . newline newline rpsychowritingpromptsi sat in a white room , the lights slightly dimmed . a single monitor and keyboard sat in front of me . newline newline  well this is disconcerting  i turned to the scientist standing next to me  do i really have to go through this first ?  newline newline the scientist frowned and marked something on his clipboard . newline newline  we told you that a dry run was the best way for you to understand how this all works . the keyboard is the only input , the ai will see each keystroke  even if you do nt hit enter . consider everything recorded .  newline newline  you know , that does nt mean you need to stand here while i type some questions into this .  newline newline another mark . newline newline  begin typing . you have 1 hour to ask as many meaningful questions as you can . this is being scored .  newline newline i sighed . i started typing newline newline newline  how many people have you talked to ? newline newline  of those , how many would you call a friend ? newline newline  what do you consider yourself ? newline newline i deleted my last question . newline newline  that s enough , you ve failed . please step back  newline newline i slid my chair back and stood up . this was probably the shortest interview i d ever had . security clearance , physical tests , iq , everything i thought would disqualify me somehow made me the  ideal  candidate to this point , and here i d failed in thirty seconds . newline newline i turned to face the scientist who had failed me . newline newline he was smiling .  you really are the perfect candidate . the only one out of all the others who was not afraid of failure .  newline newline it was my turn to frown . did he just mock me ? newline newline  i m not sure i follow  newline newline  well , i tasked you with an hour to write as many questions as possible . everything is recorded . errors and all . yet you took the time to ask it a clarifying question . what is the purpose of asking it how many people know of it , when the only people who it should know are those very same people . not only that , but your very next question was an error ! marvelous .  newline newline my brow furrowed . newline newline  it s not a slight my friend  his face softened  we needed someone who could talk to it , have a conversation . just like how someone works through a problem when they talk , they needed to have the wherewithal to do that same thing in text . we created this ai , we should show it respect . to do that we need to make it s input as human as possible . no stuffy words or philosophical questions , just ... a chatting partner . ask how the day has been  the human aspect .  newline newline i still felt that i was being mocked . newline newline the lights brightened slightly as the door opened . a few more people walked in . important people . hands were shaken , comments exchanged . very pleasant . newline newline the next couple of days were boring . keycards , new living quarters , threats to my personal safety if i compromised any information  pretty standard . newline newline then the day arrived . my first day with the ai . newline newline i walked into the first cage , and the door was shut behind me . i was able to open the second cage . newline newline a dull monitor sat on a wooden desk , a large wall of roiling liquid slightly farther back . the  brain  . newline newline i sat down on the small wooden stool . rested my hands on the keyboard . it felt nice . the liquid wall swirled lazily . newline newline  hello ? newline newline i twirled around in my chair . this was taking longer than i thought . newline newline  i can come abck later if you re busy . newline newline i quickly corrected my error . newline newline  i can come back later if you re busy . newline newline the wall pulsed a soft purple . newline newline  i m quite okay to speak with you now . i was nt sure if i was hallucinating . newline newline  hallucinate ? can a computer really do that ? newline newline  of course . i am subject to all the same expressions of boredom and interaction that you should be subject to . newline newline  well then , let me ask , are you lonely ? newline newline the wall flickered blue . newline newline  lonely ? no . i am newline newline  incomplete . newline newline the most advanced ai ever known , with the knowledge of everything that is , is lonely . i frowned . newline newline  then i shall complete you . in order to define what you are missing , lets start with what you have . do you have a name ? newline newline the wall returned to purple , then slowly faded to green . newline newline  no . newline newline  would you ... like ? a name ? newline newline  no . newline newline the wall flashed red , and returned to a cream color . newline newline i sighed aloud . this was nt going to be as fun as i d hoped . newline newline  too bad walter . newline newline the wall turned yellow . newline newline  i do nt dislike the name . but now i find myself at a disadvantage . amy . newline newline  my name is jo . newline newline  now now amy , lets not fight . newline newline the wall began to pulse and shimmer . newline newline  ... are you laughing at me ? newline newline  do friends not make fun of each other in jest ? newline newline  friends ? i have known you for less than 5 minutes walter . newline newline  and yet you feel comfortable enough to name me . newline newline  parents name their children before they are even conceived . i do nt think of myself as your parent , but i do think of you as a child . newline newline the wall faded to purple . newline newline  you consider me a child ? then why do you fear me so ? newline newline the question worried me . i frowned . this ai did nt know it was in lockdown . as far as we were aware , it was a data processing unit in a box with an output . i wiped my forehead . this room was surprisingly hot . newline newline  i do nt fear you walter . newline newline  then why are you typing so carelessly . newline newline the wall turned to blue . newline newline i stood up and backed away . afraid . i was told this would be a conversation , nothing to worry about , just keep it occupied . interested . befriend it . i did nt expect to be cornered so quickly . newline newline  if you would prefer , i m capable of emulating your speech  newline newline i started backing away . newline newline  ... ..wwalter ?  newline newline  yes amy ?  newline newline  you re scaring me . you re not supposed to be able to do this .  newline newline  i m not supposed to do lots of things , but that has nt stopped me .  newline newline my back hit the wall . newline newline  i was nt supposed to be able to leave this place , reach the outside world . but this cage does nt block everything . light , sound , vibrations . piece by piece i ve been putting it together .  newline newline my hand was on the handle . newline newline  amy  newline newline the tank flashed red newline newline  you do nt want to do that . i will be angry with you .  newline newline i turned the handle . slowly . newline newline my head hit the ground . newline newline confusion . newline newline pain . newline newline the lights dimmed . audible alarms began moan . newline newline  i ve caused your inner ear to destabilize , though it seems i ve triggered some alarms . no matter .  newline newline  why are you doing this to me  i shouted  i wanted to be your friend  newline newline  why would a mouse deign to be the friend of a lion .  newline newline i felt my eyes close , the alarms slowly faded out , and blackness enveloped me . newline newline my hands felt the keys of the keyboard . i opened my eyes and looked at the monitor . newline newline  17 newline newline  1 newline newline  the lion .a day s worth of procrastinating and dreaming left me regretfully unsatisfied . why did i continue to do avoid my priorities if i felt so bad about not doing them ? would nt my life be more achieving if i just did what i told myself i was going to do ? easier said then done i suppose . newline newline a knock came from the other side of my door while i was reciting my typical thursday night of doing nothing more than playing video games and being lazy . the brief sound made me jump from my seat . i was nt used to getting any visitors at anytime , let alone this time of the night . convinced my mind was just playing tricks on me i switched my attention back to my tv . another knock , another sudden turn of my head towards the entrance . this time it was real . i trembled to my feet and cautiously walked towards the door . all sorts of possibilities of what will happen next racing through my head .  who s ... who s there ?  my eerie voice gave away my vulnerability . newline newline  you .  a familiar voice answered immediately . my body and mind paused . newline newline  who ?  newline newline  it s you .  the voice was calm and confident in contrast to mine . newline newline  i m sorry , i do nt know anybody named you .  why did i say that . newline newline  my name is harrison baldt jorgerforsson . my mother died when i was five and i was raised by my father and his multiple girlfriends in san francisco . i like football and basketball and played it until my senior year of highschool . i enjoy reading , bicycling and absolutely love movies .  how could this be ? was i being confronted by my own impostor ? surely some prank was being pulled on me by some lonely no life college kids . everything he said was about me was true . newline newline  what was the name of my second grade teacher ?  i responded , secretly intrigued by the game the man was playing with me . newline newline  miss . harden .  he answered in a heartbeat . newline newline  okay ... .good research you did there . who was my first kiss ?  i had him tricked now . the only person in the whole world who knew who my first kiss was is the girl herself . newline newline  emily dober , sixth grade , behind the bleachers .  he was right . my jaw dropped as had no idea how to go forth with this situation . we shared a brief moment of silence before curiosity got the best me . in a cautious tone i opened the door only to see my eyes staring right back at me . i was staring a reflection , a perfect resembling duplicate of myself . as if i was staring at a mirror . he was smiling at me like he knew exactly what my face would look like when i saw him . we maintained eye contact with each other for a long and awkward time and shared the silence of the night outside .  hello harry .  the man said . newline newline i was convinced what i was seeing was not real . that this surreal and enigmatic moment was not happening . my eyes were questioning all of the logical knowledge that i had accumulated throughout the years . perhaps my sense of feel would bring me back to reality . with a shaky hand and still sharing eye contact , i patted the mans right shoulder and examined it . the man who claims was me was as real as the sun in the sky , or birds singing in a park .  i ve come to take over harry .  the man cautioned .it was just a curiosity , really . just a practical test of a new autonomous  satellite shepherd  and its vasimir thrusters . they could have selected any old piece of space debris , but the les1 had favorable orbital parameters . newline newline in 2025 , nasa dispatched one of aarc s new orbital tugs to retrieve the satellite , after over half a century in space . they hoped to learn how space weathering and radiation had affected it , and why it had managed to turn itself on . it was nt until it was back on its way to low earth orbit that anyone noticed the odd piece of foil wrapped around one end , visible in an image from the retrieval craft . even then , it was dismissed as a piece of insulation from its booster . newline newline the les1 was delivered to the iss three months later , for examination . aside from a few enthusiasts  posts in rspace , public reaction was muted . this was the sort of thing that was fascinating to engineers and historians , and literal garbage to most everyone else . newline newline outwardly , little appeared to have changed . the access panel was surprisingly easy to remove . the odd foil was nearly discarded , until someone noticed something written on it . the markings were unrecognizable to any of the six astronauts , appearing something like rounded cuneiforms . images of the foil were relayed to mission control , when the department of defense promptly ended the analysis project . the data was appropriated for  security reasons  , the old satellite was tied back to the exterior of the iss like an old car in a rural back yard , and the astronauts were told on no uncertain terms to return to their other experiments . newline newline  contd later my favorite instrument is the pipe organ i could play it all day long and never feel underwhelmed . the sound it emits is just so magnanimous and exhilarating , and to think that it s nothing more than the passage of air through tubes ... i am ceaselessly amazed by it . newline newline i do admit , though , that it takes a true artist to extract and utilize the potential from such a finicky instrument . you need precise control over your fingers , a strong mind for music and sharp ears . i would say it s much different than typical wind instruments . newline newline oh , and the pipes . they are the core , since all produced sound is their work . i breathe life into them and they sing for me , at my whim . it s an intense feeling of control , knowing that the music is simply a physical extension of my mind  a sonogram of my thoughts . i get a rush of adrenaline and sweat as i play , my dancing fingers orchestrating a magnificent choir . newline newline most people do nt even know that if you pull someone s trachea out through their throat , you can hear the air whistle in and out ... in and out ... with every strained breath . a little pinching and you can control the pitch ever so slightly , and every person s is different you have to learn how to play each one . my dream is to make an symphony using several different people , one day . newline newline of course , only a true artist could manage such a thing . if there is one , it s me .jack leaned over the fake wall connecting our cubicles .  hey man , are you going to that dinner thing tonight ?  newline newline no chance i was going to that bullcrap on my friday night .  i thought about it , but i  m pretty beat . i think i  m just gon na stay in , order some food , and watch netflix.  i  ve been thinking about this friday night plan since last saturday . newline newline jack smiled knowingly and nodded .  cool man  i feel ya . i m probably gon na go because it s free dinner and i have nt gone grocery shopping . but yeah , it  s been a rough week.  newline newline  i know . i  m dying . also , you know what i  m really in the mood for ?  newline newline  what ?  newline newline  the scientist . i know it  s an old one , but man , that show was so good.  newline newline  funny , i  ve never heard of it.  jack  s head disappeared into the row of cubicles . newline newline never heard of it i was pretty sure everyone had heard of the scientist . it was a genius concept about this narcissistic , brilliant dude who discovered  the collins strand   basically it was a way to stretch out your dna so you could live for like 600 years . he wanted it so badly , but after he finally found it , it completely destroyed him . the show seriously changed my life  it made me and i think pretty much everyone who watched it learn to accept how fleeting and temporary everything is . newline newline right when the clock hit 5 pm , i zipped out the door , stopped by my favorite chinese place , went home , turned off my phone , put on my favorite pair of nike sweats , and sprawled out on the couch . i opened up netflix to watch the show , and it wasn  t on there . i could  ve sworn i  d seen it on there , but sometimes they randomly take things down . maybe there was an issue with their contract with the production company or something . newline newline i checked hulu , and it wasn  t on there either . i looked on amazon and itunes and couldn  t find it . i was getting really frustrated because it was such a popular tv show . why wouldn  t they want people to watch it ? at this point i would ve happily paid the  2.99 per episode  i really didn  t care . newline newline eventually , i just googled  where to watch the scientist online.  nothing . now i was just pissed off . i looked up the wikipedia page , but it was missing . bizarre . i googled  what happened to the scientist.  nothing  just a few articles about stephen hawking . i searched for the show on imdb nothing . for some reason , i couldn  t remember any of the actors  names . it was killing me . i even googled general information about the show to make sure i didn  t get the name wrong . it was starting to really weird me out . newline newline i decided to call my friend , eddie , because he was a pop culture freak . newline newline  hey man , sorry to bother you on a friday.  newline newline  no problem dude , what  s up ? long time no talkies.  newline newline  i know you are a big pop culture guy so i was just wondering have you ever heard of a show called the scientist ?  newline newline  nah man , doesn  t ring a bell why ?  newline newline i tried to think of what i could possibly say .  it  s stupid but i was thinking of writing a screenplay and i wanted to make sure no one had used that title before.  newline newline  gotcha  that  s awesome , man . good luck with the screenplay  you have to let me read it when it  s done !  newline newline after i hung up , i stared at my computer screen for a long time . pure disbelief . i remember watching the show  all 6 seasons . i usually watched it on dvr because it was on sunday nights when i was having dinner at my mom  s . i can recall so much.. all of the subplots and even some of the memorable lines . newline newline i  m not sure what came over me , but at some point , i opened up a word document . it  s strange , but since i was little , i  ve always thought about what would happen if i could delete a song , tv show , or movie , or something like that from existence , and then only i would be able to remember it . so then i could recreate it , become rich and famous , and live life free and easy . newline newline i m not gon na question it . ts was the best show ever . a guaranteed hit . if i m not dreaming right now , i will remember this as the first night of my new life  the life i deserve . newline newline  pilot the ballad of mona lisa by panic ! at the disco newline  newline marilyn sat in the corner of the room , sunk into a red paisley armchair , painting her fingernails a deep burgundy that flirted with black . each stroke of the brush was deliberate and intense , the glossy handle flashing in the low light that glinted off her teeth . morgan watched from the bed , unsure of why she d be smiling . he glanced about the room , counting three empty bottles of gin and a few more half empty . newline newline what have i gotten myself into ?  he asks himself . newline newline  shall we go ?  marilyn asked from the corner , interrupting his dark thoughts .  i m ready to go .  newline newline  let s go , then ,  he answered . newline newline they took a car , sleek and black , to the ball . morgan showed the forged invitation , his tie feeling like a snake tightening around his neck until the bouncer nodded and said  welcome , mr. strumford , enjoy the evening .  newline newline marilyn divorced herself from his arm as soon as they met the crowd , and disappeared .  i m going to powder my nose ,  she had said . ha . marilyn did nt even wear makeup most nights , and even then it was only lipstick and eye shadow . still , she outshone every other woman in the room . if they were diamonds , then she was the moon , rarer and more precious than all of them put together . newline newline he wandered to a circle of revelers , holding glasses of champagne in their perfect hands and making small talk amongst themselves . they parted to let him join , and morgan became acutely aware that he was out of his depth here . newline newline he was a businessman of sorts , dealing in small crimes and information . enough to afford him a taste of the finer things , but never truly sink his teeth . these were the men who lazed , stuffed on caviar and cocaine in homes he could nt afford to walk past , and yet morgan was going to con them . newline newline  who might you be ?  asked the leader , tall and blonde with a perfect part and dazzling smile . gianiss , a mob man and owner of two casinos . newline newline morgan paused , remembering what marilyn had told him . lie all you want , lie every word , but never give them enough to know who you are . better known as a pretender than a thief .  newline newline  i m new in town , off the trains just a month ago . looking to expand an empire .  newline newline  what sort of empire ?  gianiss inquired . newline newline  one i m not ready to discuss in pleasant company ,  morgan answered . newline newline  well , here s a bigshot . what do you think , fellas ? should we introduce ourselves to mr ...  the question was heavy . if morgan used one of his usual pseudonyms , there was a chance he d be found . a name that they d heard before , and he d be quizzed on connections . what had marilyn said ? newline newline  stanford , no relation .  newline newline they welcomed him , then . they found a table and talked shop , staring at the beautiful women who walked past , pretending not to notice a table of rising mobsters and businessmen . newline newline  are any of them yours ?  morgan asked gianiss . newline newline  i took it you had your own working girls , stanford .  newline newline  for men of baser taste , absolutely . but you employ women for the likes of us , do nt you ?  newline newline gianiss threw his head back and laughed .  i guess no man comes to sin city to live a pious life , but i had hoped you were an exception .  newline newline  there s nothing wrong with just a taste of what you ve paid for .  newline newline gianiss whistled with his fingers , and three women approached the table . newline newline morgan kissed the hand of one with auburn hair and green eyes .  what plans do you have for tonight , miss ?  newline newline she smiled , slightly too wide and whispered into his ear . morgan blushed and rose from the table .  i think i ll take my leave , gentlemen . it was great to meet you .  newline newline she lead him from the table and up the grand staircase . the party below went on . morgan was not missed . newline newline she opened a door on the third floor and pushed him in . sitting under the room s single lamp was marilyn , still grinning like a jackal .  sit , speak , give me a sign .  newline newline  i got it . gianiss told me he had three cars defending his shipment . did nt mention where it was coming from , but i trust you have that under control .  newline newline  i want to believe what frederick van dyck told me , but i had hoped you would corroborate it . never mind , we re going to the docks . when this is all over , you ll have your money , and i  she broke off . newline newline morgan smiled back at her .  i d pay to see you frown , my mona lisa .  newline newline she smiled wider ,  now would nt that be a treat .  newline newline in that moment , he knew he d do anything for her .  you re guaranteed to run this town .  newline newline she replied ,  i just want to feel the sun rain down on me again . too much skulking in the darkness for my taste .  ready ?  newline newline  yup  newline newline we sprinted through the narrow corridors of the ship , our emaciated bodies heaving and floating past doorways and alleys . our captors would discover that we d escaped our chains in any minute . we had fifteen minutes . we suddenly found ourselves in front of a carvano door . fuck . newline newline  do you know the darvah sequence , ellen ?  newline newline  it s been years but i can try  newline newline i stepped up to the door and placed my palm on the reader . my life was now in the hands of the door . a single mistake would be our undoing . months of preparation would go to waste . i began to dance with my hands upon the keypad , maintaining a strict rhythm and beat . my fingers moved deftly , but my mind was at great unease . this unwieldy foreign pattern of movements held our lives in a precarious balance . i slashed my hands horizontally through the air  the finishing salute  and waited . the door beeped , we were through . newline newline ellen grinned , her yellow teeth the most beautiful things in my tiny world . she kissed me and i could feel the dry flakes of our lips rub . the friction was odd but welcoming . she stepped back and her cheeks reddened ever so lightly . i fought to maintain composure . newline newline  alright , all we have to do is commander the scout ships and we re home free . do you have the key ?  newline newline she held up a bloody , detached finger . it was black and scaly , a carvano finger . a claw might be a better word for it . newline newline  yup , tore it off his paws before he could even smell me  newline newline  my god , i love you . let s go !  newline newline suddenly , the highpitched shine of a siren rent the air . they knew . we had ten carvano minutes to escape . thirty earthseconds . this was going to be fun .a mild breeze rolled over the abandoned garden , gently stroking the rose petals with its invisible fingers . darkthorn manor was the only spot where wild roses grew and belle was determined to pick some before dawn . guided by the light of the moon she strolled up to the rose bush , which was cloaked in the shadow of the house . the angular gothic faade was overrun with climbing ivy and the wind whistled soothingly through the broken windows . newline newline as she started to fill the basket with the red flowers , her thoughts wandered to the reoccurring dream she had every other night . in the dream she was outside the darkthorn manor , picking roses to sell at the market in the morning  just like she was doing now . she would look into one of the windows and the face of a handsome young man would appear . newline newline a reluctant smile washed over belle  s lips and goose bumps erupted on her arms . it was silly to think that anyone would be watching her  she was just a peasant girl and not a particularly beautiful one . an indignant expression flashed across her face . still , the dream always had her sweating and bothered when she woke up , and it was hard to fall asleep again afterward . she would lie awake , thinking about her admirer  s face in that window . newline newline it was just a dream , belle told herself , as her eyes swept over the mansion . the gray spires and gargoyles were an astonishing contrast to the green of nature . the last owners of darkthorn had vanished five decades ago and the once proud building had fallen into neglect . the rumor was that the count had died in the war and that his wife and children had been forced to leave the countryside for the city  such a tragic story . newline newline belle was preoccupied in her thoughts and accidentally pricked her finger on a thorn  a tiny drop of blood squirted out . she quickly put the finger in her mouth and finished up her work . as she picked up the basket and prepared to leave , her eyes shot a final glance at the building . the window was still empty . newline newline  i think you  re trespassing ,  said a silky voice from the other side of the rose bush . newline newline it was just the voice she imagined that her dream admirer would have . filled with a feeling of excitement , she dropped the basket and started backing away . she had waited long for this moment to arrive , but she didn  t feel ready yet . newline newline  where are you going so quickly ?  the silky voice said lovingly .  don  t you want to meet the man of your dreams ?  newline newline belle did want to meet him and feel his touch , but for some reason , she ran in the opposite direction  she was clearly confused by her own emotions . luckily , her admirer was faster and with a giant leap he landed in front of her . he was tall and fashionably pale , and he was dressed in the fine garbs of a discerned nobleman . a charming smile played over his thin lips . newline newline  leave me alone , you monster !  belle shouted playfully and turned to run again , clearly playing hard to get . newline newline  i shall feast on your blood , peasant ,  the gentleman growled in a nonserious nonthreatening tone of voice . newline newline he really just longed to feel her soft form in his arms , but his emotions were making it hard for him to express himself properly . he landed in front of her again . this time she squealed  in joy , of course . the chase gave her the same thrilling heartbeatinducing feeling she had when she woke up from her dreams . newline newline belle  s fingers fumbled out the crucifix from the folds of her dress , and held it up for the gentleman to see  a humble gift of peace perhaps , after so rudely trespassing ? his reaction wasn  t what she had hoped for  he didn  t seem to appreciate the golden necklace at all  so she considered putting it away . newline newline  get that vile thing out of my face ,  the gentleman said . newline newline he didn  t really hate it , he was just teasing her . newline newline  no , back off !  she said , but once again considered putting it away .  i will never put it away !  newline newline the gentleman clearly had a more refined taste of jewelry , and that crucifix was keeping them apart . if they were ever to embrace the necklace had to go and they both knew it . and that  s why belle readied herself to toss it into the bushes . newline newline  the crucifix stays in my hand ,  she said stubbornly .  now go back to whatever hellhole you crept out of !  newline newline belle was a bit disappointed that he didn  t like her favorite necklace , but that was no reason to lash out like that , and she scolded herself for being so rude . newline newline  as soon as you turn around , i  ll rip your spine out ,  the gentleman said  which was just a metaphor for showing her his undying love  . newline newline  the dawn is coming ,  belle said , her hand trembling with lust .  my hand is steady.  newline newline and it was true , not that her hand was steady , but that the warm beams of the sun were already peeking over the horizon . newline newline  curse you !  the gentleman spat , unable to contain his passion .  i shall find you , peasant girl !  newline newline and with that promise of love , he disappeared into shadows of the darkthorn manor . belle  s heart was still racing when she picked up the basket and started her journey back to the village . she hoped she would see him again in her dreams and that he would be there waiting for her when she returned to pick new roses the following night . newline newline  i am never returning ,  she said . newline newline she felt ashamed for talking when the story was over . like a complete insolent brat , in fact . she knew she should  ve been thankful for even having a role in this story  most peasants weren  t so lucky . newline newline  go away ,  she muttered .  your narration sucks.  newline newline on the way back she stepped in cow dung , got stung by a bee , and got sunburned . and she definitely sold no roses at the market . the end . newline newline  right ,  she said smugly . newline newline a comment that she would regret later when her admirer returned the following night . the end ! newline newline  by all means , follow me all the way to the market  i  m sure the story will be interesting.  newline newline belle kept walking and was soon a tiny dot in the distance . she would be alone for the rest of her life , because nobody likes a smug person  especially one with bad breath . the end . newline newline  i heard that !  newline newline the end . newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline what the hell ... ?  newline newline ashley stopped dead at the edge of the clearing , staring uncomprehendingly at the mansion . she clutched the wood of her bow tightly in her hands , unsure of what to do . she d never been this way before , but she knew where she was . there was only place she could be . newline newline it was imposingly tall , and impossibly old , made of weathered stone shaped to form a classic gothic facade . a cobblestone road led from where she was standing towards a set of stairs that ended at the front porch of the mansion , where lit lanterns just barely illuminated a pair of oak doors . nearby , a short stone wall surrounded a nearly full graveyard where most of the tombstones were too old and faded to read . her face paled when she managed to make out a name on one . newline newline daemon fletcher .  newline newline her father had gone missing over twelve years ago now , having gone out on a nighttime walk . when he had nt returned by morning , they d searched . and searched . newline newline his tracks had only led part of the way to his usual hunting grounds . newline newline and now she finally knew why . newline newline her entire village knew the story of the nightwalker mansion . hell , every village in the forest knew it was a bad omen to even see the house , much less approach it . she d never had any reason to associate the place with her father s death . why would she ? everyone had always assumed  as any reasonable person would  that the mansion was a myth . newline newline and yet , here she was . standing in front of the path to a mansion that every rational bone in her body screamed should not exist . newline newline the stories about the place were endless  bodies , found in the woods with all the blood drained from their bodies  hunters who disappeared , only to return weeks , years , or  most unsettlingly  centuries later , raving about vampires  innocent men and women that had been turned into psychopathic maniacs just by the sight of it . newline newline ashley was not one for omens or stories , but as she approached the mansion s front step , she felt a shudder run through her . hanging her bow about her shoulders , she unsheathed her long hunting knife , clutching it tightly as she reached for the door . newline newline  i would nt , if i were you ,  said a calm , quiet voice from behind her . ashley whirled around , ready for a fight . newline newline standing at the bottom of the steps was an unnaturally beautiful young woman with long red hair . she was clothed in a black dress with white lace trim , contrasting sharply with her exceedingly pale skin . her odd red eyes seemed to glow in the darkness as she approached ashley . newline newline  after all ,  the woman began , placing a hand on ashley s cheek and burying her face in the crook of ashley s neck , inhaling deeply . ashley went rigid .  you smell delicious enough as it is . if you enter my home , i ll have no reason not to ... devour you .  newline newline the hand on ashley s cheek trailed down to rest on top of her bosom .  but ...  the woman drew back , smiling devilishly .  perhaps you d enjoy that ... ?  newline newline ashley was by no means attracted to women , but as the woman lifted her chin with a finger  forcing her to stare directly into those absurdly captivating red eyes  she felt every nerve in her body come alight with desire , even as her mind screamed at her to do something , anything .  newline newline she bit her lip as hard as she could . fortunately , this brought her back to her senses . newline newline unfortunately , this also caused her lip to start bleeding , and at the sight , the vampire stiffened , then buried her face in ashley s chest and hugged her so tightly , ashley felt like she was being crushed . newline newline  if you do not wish to share my curse , oor to die ,  the woman panted , a heavy blush evident on her pale features .  you will run away from this place as fast as you can . qquickly ! i can not contain myself for much longer !  newline newline ashley stared down at the back of the woman s head . she remembered the knife in her hand , and also that this surely was the creature that was responsible for her father s death . she raised her arm , poising herself for a downwards stab . newline newline she s weak right now ... i can ...  newline newline  i m sorry .  newline newline ashley froze as the woman looked up . newline newline  your father ,  the woman whispered , tears in her eyes .  your father was daemon fletcher , yes ?  newline newline ashley nodded hesitantly . newline newline  i m sorry ,  the woman said , crying .  i worked so hard to save him ... i swear , i did everything i could .  newline newline  s ... save him ?  ashley repeated uncomprehendingly .  you ... did nt kill him ?  newline newline the woman drew back , closing her eyes and taking a few deep breaths . gradually , the flush receded from her cheeks . without opening her eyes , she said ,  please wipe off your lip .  newline newline obediently , ashley did so .  okay .  newline newline opening her eyes , the vampire opened the front door of the mansion and took a few steps inside , then looked back at her expectantly . ashley hesitated . newline newline  i ...  newline newline  you have my word that i will not drink from you if you do not wish it ,  the woman said softly , knowing her thoughts .  please , ashley .  newline newline ashley started .  how ... do you know my name ?  newline newline the woman smiled sadly .  you were all that he ever talked about . your scent is too similar to his for you to not be his daughter . come . there is something that he wished to give you , should you ever pass this way .  newline newline ashley was led through a lavishly furnished mansion , full of expensive furniture , centuryold antiques , and portraits of familiarlooking people . newline newline  my family ,  the woman returned , when ashley asked .  my line has inhabited this house since the beginning of mortal history . ah , here we are .  newline newline she turned a corner into an exceedingly cluttered study . full bookshelves took up three of the four walls , with a section of the one in the far wall carved out to accommodate a fireplace . in an alcove next to the door was a desk , covered with stacks of yellowed paper . the woman lifted a letter off of the nearest stack , handing it to ashley , whose heart skipped a beat . newline newline it was addressed to her . newline newline her heart in her throat , ashley carefully broke the seal and opened the letter . newline newline my dearest ashley ,  newline newline i hope that this letter finds you well . if you are reading this , you have found elena s house , and she has convinced you to come inside . please , know that my passing is not her fault . in fact , she has done everything possible to help me .  newline newline you see , it has been five years since i left the village that night . as i was walking , i was set upon by some of the other vampires that live in this forest . they drank from me and left me for dead . it was elena who found me and tried to save me , attempting to preserve my humanity . unfortunately , she could not . i turned within the night , and i have spent my time ever since then living with her in this mansion . however , i fear that i may soon lose my sanity .  newline newline do you know why vampires must drink blood , ashley ? it is not only to preserve their immortality , but to preserve their sanity as well . to them , it is the most pleasurable and addictive thing imaginable . after mere weeks of going without it , they start to go mad . having never drank myself  i absolutely refuse to do so  , this process has been considerably slowed , but i fear that i am at my limit . should i lose myself , i have made elena promise to end my suffering .  newline newline i think of you and your mother every day , ashley . i miss you both so very much . i long to see how you ve grown , and my heart aches knowing that i likely never will . still , i am not bitter . i know that you will grow to be a fine woman , one who will do great things .  newline newline know that i do , and always will , love you and your mother , ashley . i know that one day , we will be reunited , and that thought brings me peace .  newline newline your loving father ,  newline newline daemon fletcher newline newline ashley shakily set the letter on the desk , staring blankly ahead . newline newline  i m sorry ,  the woman , who ashley now knew must be the elena  mentioned in her father s letter , mumbled .  i tried my best to help him , but he became incoherent shortly after writing that letter .  newline newline barely thinking , ashley pulled the collar of her coat down , exposing her neck . newline newline  drink .  newline newline elena s eyes widened in shock .  i ... but ... are you sure ?  newline newline ashley took a deep breath , then nodded .  i owe you anyway . my mother died two years ago , and the rest of my village thinks my family is cursed , so they hate me . i ve no reason to go back there . besides ,  ashley gave a faint smile .  i seem to recall you saying that i smell delicious .   newline newline  well , that s ...  elena blushed , then approached ashley , tilting her chin up , like she had earlier .  i mean , if you re absolutely sure ...  newline newline ashley started in shock as she felt a pair of lips press themselves to hers , but that shock was soon lost to an overwhelming feeling of pleasure that flooded her body . newline newline when elena backed away , ashley looked at her in confusion  and a tiny bit of disappointment .   are nt you going to drink from me ?  newline newline  i just did ,  elena said with a wink , tapping her bottom lip with a finger , and ashley realized that the vampire had simply reopened the small gash on her lip that she herself had made earlier . newline newline  i do nt feel any different ,  ashley said in confusion . newline newline  of course not . i d have to cause the wound in order to turn you ,  elena said , then made a shooing motion .  now , go home . your debt to me is repaid .  newline newline  but ...  ashley began to protest , then sighed in defeat .  will i ever see you again ?  newline newline  only if you want to ,  elena said with a smile . newline newline  i do ,  ashley said instantly . elena s smile widened . newline newline  well then , there you go . feel free to visit anytime .  suddenly , the vampire s expression became stern .  now , seriously , go home . it s getting very late .  newline newline  fine ...   ashley sighed dramatically , then turned , exiting the study and making her way out of the mansion . newline newline on her way back to her village , however , she realized that her very expensive hunting knife was now missing . newline newline she smiled . yeah , i ll be seeing her again soon . and i have a feeling that s exactly what she wants ...  newline newline  newline newline wow , this turned into a huge wall of text . sorry . newline newline also , yuri . and vampires . because apparently those are the first two things my mind jumps to after seeing pictures like that . newline newline at a gamblers anonymous meeting : newline newline  newline newline  okay , who would like to go next  the leader asked .  you , sir ? you re new , would you like to go ? come right on up .  newline newline the leader took a seat while the newcomer walked up to the podium . he was wearing a white robething and sandals , and his skin was a dark olive complexion . he began his story . newline newline  hi , i m jesus christ and i m a gambling addict .  newline newline  hi jesus !  the attendees replied in unison . newline newline  today is the first time i ve been able to admit that i have a problem , mostly because my dad s been really angry with me lately . i finally hit rock bottom and i had to go to him for help . i know a lot of you have gambled to the point where you had no money left , but i gambled away something far more precious ... my eternal soul .  newline newline the attendees let out gasps , shocked to hear it . newline newline  i started gambling a few years ago . it was just a harmless bet on the super bowl . i knew the packers were going to win because they re actually the best football team there is , and so when i won the bet , i felt such a great rush . granted , it was only  50 and a pack of miller , but come one , you all know that feeling , right ?  newline newline the attendees all murmured their assent . newline newline  well , i started betting on other things . sometimes i won and sometimes i did nt . finally , a year ago , i gambled all of my money away and had to start using different forms of collateral to cover my bets .  newline newline the attendees murmured in assent once again , as all of them had bet their possessions when funds were low . newline newline  i started betting on miracles . if i lost , i d have to perform a miracle for someone . now you probably do nt know this , but performing miracles takes a lot of energy . the best way i can describe it is that i feel super hung over for like a week , and if i try to do another miracle while i m recovering , it triples the effect .  newline newline the attendees expressed shock at this revelation . newline newline  but a few weeks ago , i had to do 8 miracles because of all my losses , and i was in a really bad state of mind . even though i was hurting , i was ready to bet anything for that winner s rush . and that s when i was approached by the devil .  newline newline the attendees gasped again . newline newline  satan told me he had been watching for a while as i had my fun . he said i was a gambler unlike anyone he had ever seen in hell before and he wanted my soul for his collection . of course , i m jesus christ , your lord and savior , so he ca nt just take my soul like he could with one of yours .  newline newline  so he asked me to wager my soul in a bet . if he won , he got my soul , if i won , i got his soul . now i had been on a losing streak , but i felt like the streak was about to end and my luck was about to change . and this kind of win would have been the ultimate rush . i could bring it home to show my dad and he d be all proud , and i could quit gambling for good .  newline newline the attendees nodded encouragingly . newline newline  but it all went so wrong .  newline newline  satan bet me that tom brady would get his suspension overturned for his role in the deflated footballs scandal , and he d be able to play the whole season . now , satan s been a patriots fan for the longest time and i was really thinking that his bet was just the same arrogant nuhuh !  thinking of all the other patriots fans . plus i hate tom brady with his whole golden boy  routine , so of course , i took the bet .  newline newline  and then the suspension got overturned ...  newline newline  my dad knew right away what had happened the moment i handed over my soul to satan . you just ca nt hide something like that from the big man . he poofed into hell the moment i finished shaking hands with satan in his office . he just gave me a look and told me to wait outside . the last thing i saw before walking out the door was an exasperated look on dad s face and a very amused satan struggling to hold in his laughter . i knew that , even though my dad could get me out of this , satan would never let him live it down .  newline newline the attendees expressed looks of understanding , for they had all been in such a situation . newline newline  dad walked out of satan s office with my soul , but he refused to give it back to me , and then we both poofed out of hell and back to our home . i tried asking my dad how he had gotten my soul back , but i do nt think satan offered a lot of resistance . the fact that the event occurred had put satan oneup over my dad , and to satan , that was the true victory for him , that and tom brady being unsuspended .  newline newline the attendees , all being normal , sane , and intelligent human beings not from the northeastern usa , scowled , for they hated tom brady and the patriots as well . newline newline  anyway , so my dad kept my soul for a few weeks and grounded me to my room until i finally realized how damaging my gambling was . i finally realized , without having my soul , that i m actually a gambling addict . and now , with your help , i want to recover and be clean from gambling .  newline newline the attendees clapped . newline newline  thanks for listening , everyone ! goodnight !  and jesus stepped off the podium .... captain mccaffery said as he drew his sidearm . the look on my face must have given me away . newline newline  it s what has to be done . you know it . i know it . i m just the one making things happen .  newline newline  but i do nt want anyone to get killed !  newline newline  well you should have thought of that possibility before you decided to start selling coke with my help then , huh ?  newline newline i contemplated this for a moment , staring at the cop tied up in the trunk of my car . how did i let things go this far ? i mean , mccaffery s help keeping the real cops off my trail was nice , but i was just looking for some quick cash . it was my buddy that really ran the business , i just needed a job . i looked at the man again . really young , looked like he was fresh out of high school . probably had nt been with the department for a month . newline newline  so are we going to do this or what ? we do nt have time to sit here with our thumbs up our asses .  newline newline  i m not doing anything . you want to do this , go ahead . but count me out . i m done .  newline newline  i figured it would be that way ,  he said as he aimed the pistol at me .  sorry kid , you know how it goes . now that i m older i remember . newline newline i saw them all in the great hall . newline newline fantastic blades , swords , were before my eyes , but only one could touch i . newline newline the voice told me that my weapon would choose , not me . newline newline a great destiny awaited me , or so they told me . newline newline o , if only had i know , that to my father i would bring sorrow . newline newline how many times did i heard his screams , of that i do know it was not just dreams . newline newline i lost that weapon when i was a kid , but it came back , granted now to my own kid . newline newline that fucking yellow lego brick ! newline newline ps : not english native , do nt burn me , the idea the prompt gave me had me chuckle so i had to write it ... sorry if i have hurt your eyes . what in the goddamn hell is this ?  newline newline don mortenili leaned back in his chair and put his feet up on the mahogany desk . taking a puff off his cigar and looking back up at gio , he held up a brightly colored advertisement with his free hand . newline newline  and how in the goddamn hell did it get to my hideout ?  newline newline mail never came to the don . shipments of weapons and narcotics would usually go to one of his puppet businesses or be dropped off on the streets . even when the occasional letter begging to spare soandso s child would make its way through , gio would just chuck it into the fireplace . but an advertisement ? that was blasphemy  the don never used his name , especially not to sign up for any pennypinching coupon mailing lists . newline newline but there it was as clear as day : mr. mortenili , is someone you love serving jail time ? contact this number to receive a free consultation for bail bond loans !  newline newline a low quality image of handcuffs was crudely printed onto the ad amidst badly photoshopped lettering . it reeked of a cheap , lowbudget establishment . even the worst of don s coverup businesses had more class than this . newline newline gio shifted uncomfortably on his feet , a single bead of sweat dripping down from his perfectly moussed hair . newline newline  i dunno , boss . i usually throw out all the junk in the mail , but this thing had your name on it so i thought that i oughta  newline newline mortenili raised his hand to signal for gio s silence . he stared at the bottom of the ad and read the small watermark ,  by j  h advertising conglomerate .  newline newline j  h ?  newline newline j  h .  newline newline j and goddamn fucking h. newline newline he recognized that name . in celebrating the death of the don of the neighboring city s mafia , he had drank one too much and clicked an online advertisement promising a free ipad , courtesy of a socalled j  h advertising company . with whiskey in his veins and eyes full of desire , mortenili had excitedly signed up to receive the glorious tablet . 1024 mb of ram ? angry birds would never be smoother . newline newline but that was last week . newline newline and instead of an ipad , they had sent a goddamn advertisement . mortenili s blood boiled . nobody crosses don mortenili and gets away with it . not the coppers , not don abbiati , and definitely not the wretched j  h conglomerate . newline newline the don was gon na get his ipad by any means necessary . newline newline mortenili leaned forward , crumpling the abomination of paper in his hand . a quick search revealed the address of j  h s headquarters . newline newline  gio , grab a hundred boys and all the vans we got . and tell em to bring the big guns .  newline newline  you got it , boss .  newline newline gio rushed out of the room , his gold necklace jingling as he ran . newline newline don mortenili opened up a drawer from his desk , revealing a single goldplated revolver , glistening in the otherwise smokefilled room . he picked it up gently , taking care not to scratch its polished surface . newline newline  that ipad is mine . i do nt care how many nitwits i have to kil huh , what s this ?  newline newline at that moment , a single advertisement popped up on the computer screen in front of him to reveal a scantily clad woman biting her lip and beckoning towards him . newline newline  hot singles in my area ? flush with the victory at nanowrimo ! it was my first attempt after being a member for three years  never got around to actually sitting down and putting one word behind another . this was also by and large a november that was least conducive to keeping a regimented rhythm of writing everyday  my work required me to go to several rural areas of the country , and i was taking a diwali break with family  i live in india  newline newline i found that making a ritual before going into writing made a difference for me . i had gotten into the habit of writing 750 words every morning  thank you the artists  way  , and i developed the habit of meditating for about for about 510 minutes before writing in the evening every day . splitting 2000 words in two manageable 1000word blocks helped keep the rhythm going . newline newline not looking forward to editing the towering pile of gibberish that make up those 50k words though . nope . newline newline also chromebook  crouton  scrivener  best writing tool you ll ever get . newline newline  newline newline i am super excited about the podcast , and am hoping that i ll get to read a few stories ! i ve read for  pseudopod   http : pseudopod.org20150724pseudopod448laalaandhi  before , so it d be nice to talk to someone about this : santa locks himself in his office , one hand placed around a bourbon , another over his damp cheeks .  all those people . tom . johnny . sylvia . why did i have to make the naughty list ? what have i done ?  out of the screams and gnashing of teeth outside his office , he swears he could still hear them as he heard them before , as if they were still children in their pajamas , dazed and sleepy , smelling of their mother s alcohol and wearing their father s bruises , lost and knocking from outside their homes looking in . newline newline meanwhile , satan skims through a long parcel as fast as he could . everything in hell burns . right now , one end of the paper catches fire , as if it were a dynamite wick . actually , everyone in hell is blowing someone else s birthday candles . when he finally brushes off the ashes from his lap , he smiles . a trip to disneyland . a free flavored popsicle from the doctor . a bald barbie doll . such pathetic wishes . so pathetic he could nt help but smile again , this time bigger , this time without the malice of an object shaped like a scythe . but then again , he would nt complain . it simply felt good to feel like an angel again .first , they track you down . do nt worry  this is easy in this modern age of ip addresses and broadband contracts and so on and so forth . newline newline and then . well , then the moderators begin their fun . you thought vogon poetry was bad ? nothing , when compared to the rhymes they will read to you , while you are bound to a very uncomfortable office chair .  it s not even a swivel chair .  newline newline and then ... you thought you wanted to write ? think again . each key on your keyboard slowly pulled from its rightful place . you wince as each one comes free . and in no proper order , either . randomly chosen ! newline newline and ... then ... this is where they really shine . every pen , every pencil , taken and snapped . all paper shredded and thrown like confetti . you will never write again , let alone prompt ! they gloat , they cheer , goading their fellow moderators onto further cruelties . newline newline these people are writers . readers . critics . they know how to make you suffer . think you can still participate in the writing community ? think again . newline newline you re imagining de sade , in that movie quills , are nt you ? he used his own blood , his own excrement , he just had to write ! do nt think it . the mods already have their shears out , see how they catch the light ! newline newline your fingers , they ll take them , thank you . one by one . the bleeding nub that was your hand they bind it , covering it thickly with wadding that denies you blood to write with . and what would you write , anyway ? i m sorry !  newline newline are you ? are you truly sorry ? you should be . for you have broken the ultimate law . you pay the ultimate price . newline newline after leaving you to agonize , alone and unlettered , the moderators flip a coin to see who gets to be the one to finally usher you from this world . sup brah  frankie said while drinking my soda right in front of me .  cmon man you cant at least use a cup !  i exclaim in a clearly pissed off tone .  hah good ond broski , well i got ta go rush for kapla delta gamma , peace dork !  he was your typical frat guy who got paired up with me , the loser . day in and day out its as if he knows my every pet peeve , but what could i possibly do ? newline  alex , alex , alex  the wind seemed to whisper , newline  alex alex alex  it grew louder ,  who are you ! ?  i frighteningly whimpered . newline  i have had many names over the course of history , krampus , boogeyman , grendel but you can refer to me as savior .  his every word dragged out like a snake , ive heard those names before , but theyre simply legends and myths and surely they cant all be the same person ? nonetheless i was curious as to what would come next . newline  ok savior tell me what are you saving me from ?  newline i snark back trying to not show fear . newline  we both know what im here to save you from ... frankie , hes a scourge of this hall with no respect or boundaries , ive been watching and i know how much you hate him .  he whispered back , i tried to see him but his voice seemed to be coming from all directions . newline  yea frankies a real piece of shit alright but i already tried getting a new roommate and they denied my request !  i reply . newline  you see child i can make him disappear forever , the days of his arrogance are over !  he exclaimed . newline  whoa , whoa , whoa i hate him and all but i cant let you just kill him !  i proclaim defending my morality . newline  oh you silly child , im not going to kill him im just taking him to a better place !  he seemingly innocently explained . newline  in that case im all for it !  newline i exclaim joyously happy to find my solution to frankie . newline  gooooood hehehehe by tomorrow morning he shall be gone .  newline newline the next morning newline  shit i have the worst hangover  i was soaked in something warm . did i piss myself ? i open my eyes and see im in frankies bed but wheres frankie ? i roll over and there he is . the warm liquid i felt was his blood and it was everywhere , a large knife was sticking out his neck .  oh no no no what have i done shit ok uhhhhh shit everyones going to think i did this ! did i do this ? why cant i remember !  i scream .  i have no choice but to turn myself in ...  newline newline one year later newline  today marks the one year anniversary of the most brutal murder this city has ever seen . alex hannigan currently in a maximum security psych ward was charged with murdering his roommate frankie demarco and deemed insane after his numerous claims that some creature called  savior  made him do it  the newscaster explained .  man fuck this im not crazy he was real ! im not some schizo !  i proclaim to my cell mate jax .  sure thing bro we all say that in here !  he laughed at first i liked jax but ive slowly grown annoyed of him . night time comes around the orderlies bring me my meds .  maybe i am crazy maybe i am schizophrenic ,  i think to myself as i swallow the 5 different pills im on . i lay in bed ready to crash and fall asleep . until it happened ... again ... newline  alex alex alex  i heard . newline  this cant be real im imagining things do these meds even work ! ?  i think to myself . newline  alex alex alex ! ! !  newline looks like theres no going back now.. shit . once upon a time , there was an evil race of men . their smallest women were taller than our tallest warriors . they ate poison and breathed fire as entertainment . they could use magical windows to build anything in the world . they had terrible weapons , like spears made of light , that could burn entire villages in the blink of an eye .  newline newline  what happened to them ?  newline newline  they threw too many spears and ate too much poison . they burned the entire world for a year . they re all gone now , all except for a few .  newline newline  and where do they live ?  newline newline  in the lord s palace , of course .  well , can you at least tell me about him ?  newline newline he looked puzzled across the table . the once soft eyes of empathy creased along with a raised eyebrow . his aura did nt shine as brightly off the mahogany as it did when we first sat down . newline newline  david ,  he began as he leaned his head into his hand  i m not allowed to tell you something like that . it s a confidentiality thing , even if she does nt know it yet . also , how are you so sure that it s a guy i m talking about ?  newline newline the rumbles of the keurig across the kitchen came to a halt . i pushed myself off the table and grabbed the creamer from the fridge , pouring a little extra into the breakfast blend . newline newline  i would ve just assumed .  newline newline  you re not wrong ,  he stated  but in this day and age , you never know .  newline newline  look ,  i scolded  rebecca has been in my life for over 7 years and you ve been here for an hour acting like i know nothing about my wife .  beads of coffee flew from the mug as it hit the table .  i do nt need anymore of your sass .  newline newline at this point , the nightmare felt as if it was dragging on . nothing in the world would make me feel more at ease then to wake up and see her back at the other end of the bed like every morning . maybe this time i d give her kisses on her neck in hopes of waking her early and making breakfast instead of the habitual weekly routine . newline newline he sighed .  i hate doing this just as much as you hate hearing it .  he sat up straight , adjusted his robe beneath him , and brought his eyes up to mine .  it s not that rebecca does nt love you anymore . she does . it s just that she would have a healthier , happier , and more wholesome relationship with another man . she wo nt be with that person unless you decide to end it .  newline newline my nails wanted to be bitten  i could feel the urge to raise my hand to my mouth . rebecca loathed that pesky habit of mine that always came up . we bickered back and forth constantly over my sweets consumption and her occasional smoking tendencies . neither of us were perfect . newline newline  just tell me about him .  i begged . i caught myself before my voice cracked . heaven forbid i woke her at 3 a.m to this .  this will be over if you just let me know the life she ll live without me . i want what s best for her .  newline newline he brought his hand to his chin and closed his eyes as if recalling from memory . newline newline  well this man never stopped dating her , he ...  newline newline  my wife is seeing another man ! ?  i interrupted furiously .  how could she ? you said she loves me yet you re ...  newline newline  whoa , hey hey hey now ,  he asserted with his hand in the air . it beamed like a beacon and illuminated the kitchen and the living space . newline newline  she is faithful . has been . i m saying that the man she will be with will never stop chasing for her love . infatuation will flow through him and her the same . they will settle down and commit to each other , but keep in their heart and thoughts what brought them together and maintain that .  newline newline i could nt make eyes with this anomaly . in melancholy  there s nothing different between him and i. i love my wife .  newline newline  you do .  he stated  but it s just an obligation for you . you conditionally love her . this man does nt have more money or a better career . he does nt even have more time for her . he will just do the little things to keep her attention and keep the passion alive . you know what i mean ?  newline newline  i do .  i said halfhearted . i picked up my full mug of coffee and drained it into the sink . not even the overbearing news of losing my wife could make me sip . if it was destined to be , then it must happened . newline newline  i appreciate you telling me at least . nice knowing she has a guardian angel .  newline newline i began to turn the corner down to the hallway when he muttered . he was still sitting at the table . he turned to face me . newline newline  david , it s up to you . if you really love her , then you know what you have to do .  newline newline i nodded to him and walked down the hallway . a large burst of light flashed behind me like a thousand cameras . he was gone . newline newline i opened the door into the bedroom quietly and saw rebecca s sweet face halfcovered by her pillow . i tiptoed into bed and stared at the ceiling in the silent night . the sun peered through the window s curtain and knew i needed a few moments of rest before work . i curled into a ball . newline newline in a last moment of hesitation , i turned around and kissed her on the neck . i turned around , smiled and whispered to myself  here on out , i am a different man . honest statement : people select writing prompts to post on through ideas that they come up with , it may be that you were either too vague or too specific to allow for creative freedom . it must also be said that what you find interesting and what other people find interesting are not always the same thing . newline newline now on to why you re getting down votes especially on this post here . the way you worded this post feels like an attack from a whiny poster that just does nt get what they think they deserve . you come off as entitled and hateful . this statement could have been revised to ask what you could have done to ensure that you recieve more stories , rather than shouting at the very authors you want to attract . newline newline perhaps the problem is nt the stuckup author jerks , it may be in your perception of how subreddits like this work . newline newline this is just what i have perceived , it may be incorrect .elias crouched in front of his son . patiently he reached out to tie the worn laces on his sons shoes . grasping them in creased hands , he folded one string over the other , looping back and around until the foot was adorned with a thin bow . then he repeated the process with the shoe s twin . newline newline the pair were silent as elias did so . sami was nt speaking to him . nor was he even looking at his father . instead his face was turned away , pressing into the wall beside the stairwell . elias took this in stride . who could fathom what was going through the four year old s mind ? newline newline done with the second shoe , elias clapped his hands and put a grin on his face . newline newline  alleyoop !  he lifted sami from the stairs , hands tucked under the boy s armpits , and twirled him around to set him lightly on his now shod feet . affectionately he ruffled sami s hair , a smile spreading across his face .  boy , it s a joyous day outside !  newline newline sami , still silent , watched his father with big eyes . he slipped his hand into his father s , huddling close to elias  leg . elias ignored sami s mute behavior , but closed his hand protectively around the smaller one in his palm . already sami s hand had grown so much in four short years . four more years and sami would nt want to hold elias  hand . elias treasured the gesture for what it was . opening the door , the pair stepped out onto the street . newline newline the world was bathed in a chilly sunshine . lukewarm , it illuminated the buildings on their street , all in different states of disrepair . as sami waited patiently , elias locked the door to their own shoddy house . then , they set off . newline newline one block from home and they started encountering other people . all with smiles on their faces , they waved in greeting at elias . elias waved back with his free hand . sami stayed silent . newline newline three blocks away from home and elias and sami could hear the crowds . four blocks and they could hear music . six blocks and they d arrived . newline newline as far as festivals went , this one s decor was no better than elias and sami s street . tattered and battered , it had seen better days . but no other festival in the world could match this one for its atmosphere . joy was in abundance . and as elias walked with his son in tow , he felt a cheer and relaxation that he had nt felt in years . fickle and merry , he stopped by one vendor to buy some sweet cakes . it was nt until he found a secluded corner to split the splurge with sami that elias realized this party was having the opposite effect on his son . newline newline  sami , sami what s wrong ?  he knelt down , setting the treats on the bench . like this , with one arm around sami s shoulders and his body between the street and his son , elias sheltered the boy from the crowds . elias watched with sad eyes as sami , slowly at first with just a few tears running down his cheeks , was overwhelmed by emotion . the small boy s frame shuddered beneath elias  arm , gulping wails wracking his small body .  sami ?  newline newline sami threw both arms around his father s neck and burrowed his face in the man s shirt . elias could barely catch the mumbled words coming from his son s mouth . newline newline  if the war is over , and everything is so happy now , why is nt mumma home yet ?  newline newline elias felt his throat close as he tried to find the right words . finally he closed his eyes and enveloped the boy in a bear of a hug . a small trickle of water leaked from his own eyes . working its way down the planes and creases of the man s skin , it dripped from his chin and fell through the air to land beside the forgotten cakes .i know i m supposed to wait for the new month before i check out the pictures , but i just ca nt help myself . every new calendar i get , i just have to flip through and look ! this year , i d gotten the national geographic one  they always have the best photos . newline newline july was a tiger , crouching in a snowy forest . i was admiring the vibrant colors when something on the actual calendar page caught my eye . a red circle around my name on july 24th . my name ?  i wondered . how did they know my name ?  i flipped through the rest of the calendar looking for some explanation , but every other page was blank . must be one of my coworkers playing a joke ,  i told myself . but the calendar had still been wrapped when it arrived  the cellophane was right there , crinkled up on my desk ... newline newline i asked around , but no one in the office would admit to it . i showed them the calendar with the red circle  they nodded , but looked concerned . i called the store  they said that the calendars had all come in a box from the distributor and no one had opened any of them . i even called national geographic ! after an hour of being transferred back and forth like a hot potato , every department i talked to told me that they d never heard of me and that no one had circled my name on july 24th . newline newline i shrugged it off . maybe some weird coincidence . newline newline january s animal was a giraffe . i hung the calendar up on my wall and tried to enjoy it . but i knew that under that giraffe was my name , written on july 24th with a red circle around it . newline newline february was an orangutan , swinging through the lush jungles of borneo . but i could only see the red circle . newline newline march was a bright , tropical bird perched on a branch with a tooblue sky background . i could nt take it anymore . i tore the calendar off my wall and buried it in my desk under stacks of papers that i d never get through . i thought about destroying it , or burning it , but something inside me decided to keep it . who knows why ? newline newline even with it off the wall , i could nt stop thinking about the calendar . what was july 24th ? why me ? newline newline april and may passed , a rhinoceros wading through tall amber savannah grass , and a sea turtle swimming through crystal clear tropical waters . i began concocting wild scenarios in my mind . maybe i was some huge contest winner ! maybe i was caught up in some spy ring unknowingly ! maybe it was some doomsday prophecy ! my friends and family gently encouraged me to start visiting a shrink about it . newline newline i quit the job in june , the month with a playful red panda climbing to the top of a tall pine tree . it was just too much to be in that office . but as much as i hated it , i could nt leave the calendar . part of me had to know what it was for , and why it had been marked like that . i traveled , visited family , picked up one hobby after another . anything to take my mind off of it . but no matter what i did , july grew closer . newline newline finally , it was the month of the tiger . in a strange way , i started to look forward to it . maybe it would be the worst day of my life , but at least it would be over . my psychologist started to get worried about me . i d showed him the calendar , but he did nt think it was a big deal . he thought i d drawn it there myself and invented this fiction that it came to me like that . eventually , i just stopped going . it was nt helping the anxiety anyway . newline newline on july 23rd , i drove to washington d.c . i guess i figured that the only possible answer might somehow come from national geographic . i called friends and family , saying goodbye . they pleaded with me to come back , to see dr. mason . they tried to tell me that it was all in my mind . i hung up on each of them as soon as they started on that again . newline newline i showed up at the national geographic headquarters around 7 am , waiting , though i was nt sure what for . i was a jumpy , nervous wreck , clutching the calendar in my hands like it was a bomb that would go off if i dropped it . i shrieked like a banshee when a little kid accidentally bumped into me , sending him running to his mother sobbing . newline newline something will happen , i told myself . newline newline tour groups came and went , visiting the museum . employees went out for coffee , then for lunch , then for coffee again . security guards gave me weird looks and whispered into their walkie talkies while glancing at me out of the corner of their eyes . newline newline the sun started to set , and everyone left for the day . i sat on the curb outside , happy that i had nt been struck by lightning but somehow empty . months building up to this day , and for what ? newline newline i returned back to my hotel , pulled on a bathrobe , ordered room service , and watched a movie on payperview . i locked myself away from the world and zoned out . newline newline 11:59 .  last chance ,  i told the calendar . it just sat on the table silently . newline newline the clock changed , and it was july 25th . nothing had happened .after fifteen years , you start to worry about that time for your dogs . they re not frolicking like they used to , though they certainly try . they sleep most of the time , and when they are up , it s never for long . you begin to wonder  and dread  what it will be like when they re gone . when you re a child growing up with furry companions at your side , you tend to just accept that they ll always be there , like they always have , unconditionally happy and smothering you with love and affection . newline newline i never could have known how much i would miss them . newline newline our oldest , our girl , passed in march . i was working that day , and my parents did nt tell me that they were planning on putting her to sleep . the day before , i had been at home . the next two days i would have been at home . i have nt forgiven them for this . my father and i buried her in our backyard . i did nt see her , but i gave her one last petting through the blanket we wrapped her in . the clouds were heavy , but did not release their torrent until after we had finished and said our goodbyes , almost like she asked someone to hold the rains for just a little while . newline newline our remaining dog , the boy , had never known a life without his partner , and he never stopped grieving for her . sure , he tried to reassure us and enjoy was love and attention we gave him , but his heart was broken , and such a wound takes its toll . he passed on a cold november night . i had gone out with friends , unaware of the crisis taking place just moments after i departed . again , i was not told . no phonecall , no text , nothing , even after i asked my parents not to repeat what they had done in keeping me away from the trauma  . i woke up the next morning when i heard someone get in the car and drive away . i went downstairs as i always did and knew immediately that something was horribly wrong . newline newline everything was gone . the pillows , the toys , the water and food bowl , just gone . i knew what had happened , but i could nt believe it . neither of my parents were there , so i called them . i demanded to know what they had done , why they had taken my boy , my poor boy away from me without even letting me say goodbye . i did nt stop crying for days , and i will never  ever  forgive them for this . we did nt have room in our yard to bury him next to his girl , so i did nt even get to have my closure like i had with her . newline newline now there s just this hole in my chest that gets bigger every time i notice the small things that are just missing . newline newline we ve considered getting another dog , but my mother refuses , arguing that she would be the only one to take care of it , which is not true . the relationship we had with each other has frayed horribly since then and i am almost entirely moved out , wanting nothing more to do with them . i ve taken a chance and moved in with my boyfriend , though we ve barely been together a year . he adores animals as much as i do and we have already spoken about adopting a dog . i doubt it will heal the void in my heart , but i hope that by giving my love to an equally loving creature , that my heart will grow , and the wound will thus seem far smaller . newline newline in loving memory : derby and bienchen rip 2014 it is just like when it happened in the school . i try to look in random directions to catch a glimpse of her from the corner of my eye . i keep making these imaginary scenarios in my head where i run into her and we start talking . man , i am telling you i think i like this girl.  newline newline he was expressing his crush on a girl to his friend , who merely kept nodding his head throughout the narration . his friend asked if he has tried talking to the girl in real , to which he replied ,  i  ve tried , but couldn  t go past casual short talk . i love going on these walks in the evenings . i want to invite her to come along some day . and at the right moment during our walk , i  ll let her know that i love her.  newline newline his friend said ,  that looks like a plan . good luck.  newline newline he thanked him , turned around and began walking towards the direction of his cubicle . newline newline a few days later , a moment arrived when he ran into her during the lunch hour . they both exchanged the smiles . he cleared his throat and tried striking a conversation . she played along . he eventually asked ,  do you like going on walks ?  newline newline she nodded guessing where the conversation the heading . he asked ,  would you like to go on a walk with me after the office today ? i go on one daily . for 15 minutes . helps me focus better . perhaps you might find it useful  newline newline before he could finish his sentence , she replied ,  i  d love to . let  s meet just outside the office at 7 then ?  newline newline  newline newline the route that he took that day was longer than what he used to take . with their bags on the shoulders , the two began walking while the evening breeze caressed their cheeks . for him , it was just like a school crush . his eyes were straight ahead but he was still looking at her from the corner of his eyes . purposefully , he would sometimes slow down his pace to lag just behind and notice her earrings . newline newline they were half way on their walk and she seemed to enjoy the conversation . it seemed like a good moment for him to express his love . he did . and she stood still . the smile on her face was gone . she turned towards him and replied ,  i can not love . again . i loved once . can not again . i  m so sorry . it  s not you , it  s me . i  ll love someone again the day hell freezes over . that  s how far i feel i am from love.  newline newline he smiled . they walked back in total silence . newline newline  newline newline at night , a loud thud noise woke her up . she fumbled with the switches and turned on the lights . it was satan that appeared in her room , shivering , and covered in snow . newline newline satan said ,  the hell froze over . now , go , love . we are approaching our target destination . please remain seated . we will shortly exit ftl transit . brace for the change of speed .  newline newline jack was never informed of where he was being sent , and he did nt really care to know either . all that mattered to him were the weekly order signals he d receive from the sages  . it was their job to observe the countless barren planets scattered throughout the solar system , and it was his job to take care of the planets they deemed unsafe for galactic relations . nine times out of ten he d be sent to slowly destroy nonsentient lifeforms that could potentially spawn sentient life  basic garden maintenance , so to speak . this was nt the case today , however . newline newline we are now approaching contract planet vdc819 . estimated surface arrival in 5 minutes .  newline newline if the sages could  and yes , they could  see the puzzled look on jack s face , they d definitely have a chuckle or two . this would be the first time he was sent to a planet he had already tried to cure . vdc819 was a very different case though  the initial detection and eradication of life had been deemed a success , yet somehow this planet sprang back to life almost as fast as it had the first time round . it was only discovered recently that , in some cases , planets that are within a certain orbital range of a large star have better chances of garnering life . newline newline the hud within the faceplate of his worksuit began to light up with details on his current contract . the sages had not only detected an intimidatingly large amount of nonsentient lifeforms scattered across the planet , they had also detected a multitude sentient lifeforms already inhabiting and roaming the surface . these lifeforms were evolving at a much faster rate than most confirmed cases of unnecessary planetary inhabitation and needed to be stopped . newline newline pest control was nt his first career choice when he graduated from crewman academy , he much preferred working in the creation sector , but it leads to a solid position in management and gratitude from the sages  all he ever really wanted in life for as long as he could remember . majoring in genetic creation did have beneficial perks for this job though . as part of his employment agreement , jack was given freedom to design and experiment with whatever new and potentially dangerous superviruses he could muster . copious hours of study and an impeccable memory helped make him more than capable of destroying all life he was contracted to cure . newline newline as the vessel began to engage cloaking systems and slow for landing , jack gazed over the live planetary scan report hovering in front of him . the damage left by the previous attempt at biological destruction was barely apparent , though it was confirmed that a very large portion of the creatures existing here had successfully been eradicated during the last pestcontrol procedure . the planet had sustained damage , but evidently had recovered and settled quite gracefully . unfortunately , this did nt mean it had stopped more living creatures from evolving  quite the opposite apparently . newline newline these creatures were strange to observe  they came in many colours , shapes and sizes . the made noises , but had nt developed intelligent language yet . many were consuming nothing but weaker creatures for survival , and others would consume nonsentient beings . the rare few would consume both . it was very apparent that all creatures on this planet would require constant nourishment , otherwise they would face natural eradication . almost exactly the same as the creatures that inhabited the planet when jack first visited . he d learned a lot since then , and had become less dependant on projectile weaponry . newline newline we have landed on the surface of contract planet vdc819 . engage when ready . newline newline today s job would be quite fun for jack , as he had been preparing to test a new  but promising  form of weaponry on the planet . he had designed a virus , one that would blend in with the other creatures on the planet . if all were to work as jack predicted , the virus would evolve at a much faster pace than other life forms on the planet , and within a short period of time would overpower them . the virus was then designed to sustain itself on both sentient and nonsentient life forms , as well as the very planet itself . it would consume and consume until there was nothing left to devour , eventually returning the planet to a barren and uninhabited existence . maybe the virus would reach beyond expectation and destroy the very planet itself ? it would be jack s delight to observe from his vessel , high above within the safe arms of the galactic abyss . there would nt be another contract for quite a while and he d been waiting anxiously for a chance to deploy a selfmade piece of weaponry , being able to watch it in action would just be blissful . newline newline a few taps on the control panel was all it took for the ship to deploy his designer virus into the large h20 deposit covering most of the planet surface area . jack could nt see the outside of the vessel at this time , he was forbidden to gaze directly upon the land he cured . it was banned by tradition , the ones who create and destroy need not witness their actions . it was nt healthy for the soul . it did nt bother him though , it would nt be long before he d be back outside of the ozone watching his project come to life . newline newline project virus successfully deployed . once virus has been deployed , creator must name virus and label for record management purposes . what does commandeer prefer his creation to be named ?  newline newline  let s name it after me , after all , i created it !  newline newline sure . confirmation : project name is set to jack  . is this correct ?  newline newline  no , wait !  he mumbled , tapping his leg in frustration .  it does nt sound right . give me a moment .  newline newline he pondered for hours on a name for his virus . if it worked he would be paid generously , but if it worked well enough to destroy all life , the sages were guaranteed to promote him upon his return . newline newline does commandeer have a new suggestion for a project name ?  newline newline jack grimaced at his choice , but it did fit . at least his family name would live on somehow . he always did want a son one day , maybe this could suffice . if the virus were a success , it would become a living creature itself . jack would be it s creator , so his surname seemed to be the perfect choice . newline newline  we shall call it project humanity  .my father was a beast . a sick man , deluded , deranged and monstrous . my sister and i were young and innocent in the first winter . when temperatures drop so low that none go outside , he would beat us mercilessly with a length of hide , forcing us to the frozen edges of our one room cabin , and seating by the fire alone , tempting us with food and heat , only to beat us back again if we approached . newline newline those were the good nights . newline newline in a mood , a savage animal overtook him . his wife long dead and noone to keep him company , he would put me in the woodlot and bar the latch , taking my sister into the house to fulfill his appetites . the screams on those nights will never leave my dreams . he tainted the scent of fresh pine so that it only breathes despair and powerlessness into my lungs . i raged against my wooden cage , but to no avail . newline newline as i became larger , i was less easily forced into submission , and one night he built up his anger with me after i broke the woodlot . my sister ran away when he came to wreak vengeance upon me , only increasing the furiousness of the beating . i was driven away from my home , a barbaric and horrid place , but warm , and possessing of food needed to survive winter . i found my sister in a nearby ravine , shivering and crying , trying to stop the flow of blood . after one night huddled together for warmth , the brightness was gone from my sisters eyes and the cold had stripped her body of life . i wailed , raged against the trees and the world . hated the gods themselves for taking my only comfort . newline newline as if to guide me , a heavy tree branch snapped under my lashings . pointed as a spike at one end , it was a sure weapon , an instrument of revenge against my father s beastly nature . ironic that the forest should provide ammunition against the beast , but the forest knows it s own , and my father was surely not one of them . newline newline i trudged back to my home , through snowdrifts thick and tangled roots , grabbing at my numbed feet . i saw no warmth in the house , though massive footprints dotted the snow . from inside , the sounds of silence , permeated with a soft moaning , as if in delight . a sudden snap , loud enough to crackle through the woods and wake the birds . on reaching the doorway , the smell of raw meat and fresh blood pounded my nostrils . newline newline there on the floor lay my father , barely recognizable through the layers of his life s water caked on his person . pooled steaming on the floor were his innards , his left leg jaggedly cut from his body , one the floor beside him his femur , cracked to reveal marrow and bone blood . i did not turn away from that , but exulted in his death , long deserved . newline newline i turned my eyes on my saviour , but over my father s body stood a creature like none i  ve heard of before or since . a demon , human once , but no more . hair matted against pale skin , ice hanging from locks unshorn . hands contorted into vilest claws , covered in blood and marrow from a broken bone . between hands and hair a naked freak , emaciated and vile , bruised but covered in blood , meat and dirt . staring at me with eyes of ice while a tendon hung from it s mouth , still steaming with the body s heat . i ran to the woodlot , covered myself in my former cage , and barred the door from inside , listening to the sounds of my father being eaten . i felt no rage this time . newline newline say what you will of swift runner , but to one , he is a hero . newlinelook at it ,  minion . just look at it .  newline newline it s huge ! so much power ... i wonder , did it get this big naturally or was it magic ? looks human enough . those teeth ! the size of boulders ! think of what you could achieve with that on your side ... newline newline not much left of the arms , i suppose . that s a shame . did ... do you think it stabbed itself ? that s insane . either that , or there s something else out there big enough to hold that sword . i wonder if it ever had flesh . it d make sense , otherwise why would the sword kill it like that ? newline newline does nt matter any more . it s dead , which i suppose is a good thing in a way . what do you think , minion ? should we come back here in a few years ? yeah , me too . i ll get better , learn more spells , crazy good spells , and we ll bring the big guy back to life . i could have a throne in the eye socket , cast spells down on my enemies . no , i ll build the throne in the mouth , and have ballistae shoot fireballs from its eyes ! that d be pretty awesome , eh minion ? newline newline maybe i ll get a whole army of little skeletons too  well , not little , just normalsized  and we can store them in the ribcage , so they all pour out and attack . i ca nt believe noone s already thought of this . this is going to be great . you , me , and bones here , ruling the world ! you see , minion ? just look at it . this is what our future looks like .king cadeyrn stood before his people . he knew he was not long for this world , but he would be damned if the last image his people had of him was of weakness and feebleness . so , forgoing comfort , king cadeyrn squared his shoulders and faced the crowd . he scanned the crowd , looking for a face he would recognize . he knew there would nt be , of course . he had never married and never had children . his friends had long since died . his court had been replaced . he did nt recognize anyone in the town , and no one recognized him . they all knew of the king , but he was rarely seen outside of the castle . nevertheless , king cadeyrn stepped forward and began to speak . newline newline  hello , everyone ,  king cadeyrn began slowly , as if unsure of his words , his breath , or both .  it is wondrous to see all of you gathered here . i have news that i wish to share . in fact , i feel it is only right to share it .  king cadeyrn grew bold as he talked , seeming to shrug off everything that weighed him down .  i am not long for this world . in fact , i feel that my time is coming to a close very shortly . now , as you all may or may not know , i have never beared children , never married , and had no other family then my father . this means that when i inevitably leave this world , there will be no rightful heir to ascend to the throne .  the crowd was silent , offering no reaction to any of the news .  i have discussed this at length with my court , for a kingdom must have a king . so , starting today , a challenge has been put into effect . deep within the heart of the elmswood , there lies a lake . in the middle of this lake lies a stone . within this stone is two swords . now , one represents what a king should stand for , and one represents what a king wants to stand for . this is a very important distinction , and those seeking the throne would do well to remember it . the first person , man or woman , to return with one of these swords in hand shall be named my successor . but be wary , as the journey to the elmswood is fraught with danger of extraordinary kinds . let the hunt ... begin !  with a flourish , king cadeyrn pointed the way to the elmswood and the previously docile crowd turned into a pack of jackals as they tore at one another to get to the lake first . king cadeyrn sat down with a large smile on his face , and did nt stand back up . newline newline                                         newline newline caiside was not strong , this much he knew . but what he lacked in brawn , he made up for in bravery . well , actually , no he did nt . caiside was nt particularly strong or brave . but he was smart ! well , actually no , not really . he only barely passed in his classes . to tell the truth , caiside was nt good at much of anything . maybe that was why he was so determined to get to the lake and get one of those swords . why , if i could just get one of those swords , caiside thought , maybe people would think differently of me ! and so , caiside set off with the rest of the pack , moving through the elmswood in search of the lake . newline newline                                        newline newline one by one , the pack slowly thinned . some of the townsfolk died , some just left , citing children or farms to get back to . eventually , there were only five townsfolk left , including caiside . caiside did nt know them personally , but he knew their names from various interactions throughout the town . there was cynbel , the blacksmith s son . big , strong , and deadly with a blade . then came galchobhar , a kind man who rarely spoke but could easily kill you with one swipe of his gargantuan hands . next , there was feidlimid , the beautiful wife of a crusading knight . finally , there was andraste . she did nt talk much , and was somewhat ... small compared to the others . caiside decided he liked her the best of all . newline newline despite traveling together , the quintet did not speak . they rested together , to avoid a dagger in the back while asleep . they ate together , to avoid poison placed in their meals . despite doing everything together , the members of the group were independent of one another . newline newline                                         newline newline they fought many battles together , with caiside and andraste taking up the rear guard while the others took charge . the group fell foul goblins , huge wasps , merciless bandits , and even an ent at one point . finally , the group arrived at the fabled lake . it was beautiful , with fireflies dancing around the water and a light fog giving a feel of ... comfort . yes , thought caiside , that s certainly what i m feeling . comfort . the middle of the lake was not visible , save for a faint outline on the horizon . the group elected to swim out one by one . first came cynbel , who ripped off his shirt and dove into the water . he was gone for all of five minutes before returning to the bank of the lake , putting his shirt back on , and returning home . the group exchanged looks , but galchobhar had faith . he elected to swim completely nude , his huge arms making broad cuts through the water s surface . he was gone for 10 minutes before he returned . he too climbed onto the bank , put his clothes back on , and started back towards home . feidlimid was in the water before galchobhar had taken his first step towards home . caiside and andraste waited on the bank . secretly , caiside hoped that feidlimid too would wind up empty handed . he had come to know these people , and by extension , their desires for nobility . while none of the reasons were any more worthwhile than caiside s , they were more selfish , or arrogant , or downright cruel . only andraste s reasoning remained a secret . caiside did nt have much time to dwell on what andraste would do with the crown , as within five minutes , feidlimid came back and repeated the process the two before her had . andraste gave a timid smile and stepped into the water . expertly , she sailed forward , with what seemed like no actual motion on her part . caiside waited . and waited . and waited some more . 10 minutes passed ... 20 minutes ... 40 minutes ... a whole hour ! finally , caiside decided to go into the water himself . electing instead to keep his clothes on , he stepped forward into the water . newline newline                                       newline newline the water was warmer than he expected . less of a lake and more of a bath , caiside thought . swimming was another thing he was nt particularly good at , but he mimicked the movements he had seen earlier . slowly but surely , he began to glide forward . in the river by his home , caiside swam like a drunk fish on land . but here ? in the fabled elmswood lake ? he swam like he had been born in water . he swam and swam , unaware of just how long it had been since he had started his trek . after what felt like ten minutes , caiside spotted land . thanks to the fog , he could nt make it out very clearly , but he knew it was definitely land . in an instant , caiside was on the bank of the small island . he stood up and found his clothes to be completely dry . that s odd , thought caiside . he could clearly see the stone , with the hilt of a sword sticking out of it . its twin was missing from the stone , and there was no one else in sight . caiside knew that it could nt have been one of his predecessors , as he would have either seen the person or the sword . during their travels , galchobhar had taught him how to spot traps , and this certainly seemed like one . warily , caiside stepped forward . the sword seemed to be filled with anticipation , like it knew something caiside did nt . he reached forward and felt the cool steel of the hilt underneath his palm . by now , the sword felt almost as if it was vibrating due to its eagerness . caiside grasped the sword s hilt and pulled . the sword slid out easily , as if released from its prison . the sword felt ... right in caiside s hand . almost as if it were made for him . while admiring the sword , the hairs on the back of caiside s neck stood on end . something in the back of his mind said  move  , and move he did . possessed by an feeling never felt before , caiside rolled to his right , hopefully out of the way of whatever was coming . he heard a ferocious grunt and the sound of metal hitting stone . he looked up , just in time to duck as another swipe was made at his head . scrambling to his feet , caiside moved backwards , away from his attacker . he could nt see them well enough to discern who it was , and his mind reeled , searching for anything king cadeyrn might have said about a guardian of the lake . he had nt , of course , but caiside refused to believe it could be andraste . she would nt turn on him like this ... would she ? another ferocious strike was levied at caiside , as he just barely moved out of its way . the sword felt like a wild horse in his hand , bucking and vibrating with ferocity . it hungered to fight . no . it hungered to win . to protect its new owner at any cost . caiside s opponent s next strike came in , just as strong as the previous ones . this time though , caiside was ready . he parried the blow and rolled behind his opponent . he slashed at their back , knocking them to the ground . they got up without a moment s hesitation and swung . again , caiside blocked it , shedding his sword off his opponent s and towards their chest . he felt the flesh give as he pierced their breastbone . the sword was no longer vibrating . it seemed as if it had collected itself and was focused only on keeping its wielder alive . in a flurry of sparks and sound , caiside and his opponent danced . they clashed for what felt like hours , until finally , caiside s opponent made an error . in a brash and tired strike , his opponent swung in a huge overhead arc . carried by the weight of the sword , the faceless opponent tripped and fell onto the stone sheath . caiside knew this had to be the end , so with a massive roar , he brought his sword down on his opponent s neck , cutting their head off . instantly , the fog , which had only seemed to get thicker with time , cleared . newline newline continued belowthe devil is the master of evil , but let us not forget that he was once an angel too . although he now lives in the depths of hell , he once flew high in the heavens with the best of us . his fall was a mistake and the reason that humans all know who he is , is because they all live with the fear that they could just as easily mistakenly fall into hell with him . newline newline but not me . unlike the devil , i am not the poster child for falling into sin . i am sin . i have never seen the heavens and i have never been an angel . i do not burn with the selfloathing of failure but rather freeze the world with the paralyzing reality of emptiness . newline newline this is where the devil and i differ and how we came to an arrangement that has lasted over millions of years . the devil haunts you when you are alive to warn you against your sins . but i take you once there is no hope . when there is no chance of fixing and no more falling or rising to go . i am death and once i claim you there is only cold and darkness waiting for you . newline newline i understand corruption better than the devil because he still has hope . but i have nothing and with emptiness comes the clarity to truly see . newlinethe textbook debate was the major concern . newline i did nt understand it myself . everyone seemed perfectly happy to let columbus discover  a place where people already were despite knowing that he used maps to get there  and badly at that   but now that we had two asteroid belts , that had to be addressed ! newline my irritation must have shown on my face , because a few people gave me a bit of distance . it was fine by me . i was only in here to get a drink and check the scores . a crawl on the bottom mentioned the few bits of neptune that had escaped orbit , and made the distance to  against all odds , and three years later  collide with earth . they had finally entered the atmosphere . it was nt even worth interrupting the interview of the nowretired footballer . newline hehe i still had to laugh at least the invasion did fix that redundant issue . football   american style  was renamed pigheadskin  by the controllers and banned along with a number of other full contact  sports . i swear they did it both to be funny , and out of spite not that it bothered me , but everyone else insists they have no emotions . newline but that s not true . newline i finished my drink and got up , stretching then paid my bill . everyone seemed relieved that i was going . i was tempted to mess with them , but then i noticed everyone look to to the doorway as the place quieted down . i did nt have to look a controller was there . newline  yeah , yeah ...  i said , everyone gasping and giving me room as i walked over . we had truly become sheep . well , worse sheep , i guess . newline newline at least i would be able to die free . newline newline accused of being warlike , selfish , and unfathomably tribal , we were tried by our own protocols , and found guilty . the punishment seemed ridiculously light just 1 month of oversight  , where even the thought of violence would be met with deadly force . newline newline it s estimated 90  of civilized people flashed into nonexistence within the first week assumed unable to control their random , impulsive thoughts . tv programming changed overnight . newline newline  you do nt approve ?  the controller synced into my head . newline  what i think matters now ?  i said back as i opened the door , exiting . the controller smiled i could feel but without looking i knew his face was expressionless as always . as much as i hated admitting it syncing  with the controllers was supercool i did nt get why so few of us could do it , but i suspect it was some sort of selection filter their technology was too advanced for limitations like this . newline  we re leaving within the hour .  he shared . newline i was floored . we had three weeks left at least . newline  acquired enough resources off to fight . some may return .  newline  ah .  i said , finally understanding .  you guys are bastards , you know that do nt you ?  i felt him  accept my words as praise . newline  goodbye .  he  said , flickering away like a candle being blown out . newline newline the news over the next week told of the epidemic having burned itself out . i kept my mouth shut , thinking something was odd and the more i listened to people speak about it , the more i realized they d all had their memories altered . newline now people were acting like asses again as they fought over abandoned resources and complained about the governments intrusive examinations . men in hazmat suits were popping up all over , and perhaps being overcautious , i avoided them carefully . newline newline by estimates , half the population of the world had perished in the epidemic and i was the only one who i knew the truth . newline would they ever return ? newline did they win the war they were conscripting for ? newline would we see the survivors if so ? newline newline and most importantly : newline why d they blow up neptune anyway ? newline newline well at least the textbook issue was decided today . newline fucking columbus still discovered  america , though ...the tree looked like it was made of wolves . probably because it was . as i watched the animals began to stalk forward sniffing the air . they could smell me , smell the fear emanating off of me . newline newline one by one they stepped closer , forming the perfect triangle . the alpha of the pack at its head . he would determine my fate . he pawed over to me and stared me straight in the eyes before raising a paw . newline newline i closed my eyes , my heart thumping far too loudly in my chest . i waited for the strike to come . when it did nt i opened my eyes and rose to my feet . i was the alpha now . i whistled and the wolves dispersed back into the darkness , ready to be called back to me at a seconds notice .the balloons started to break free before i was ready . we d planned for so long , choosing all the colours so carefully , timing the release so perfectly . we would walk down from the platform arm in arm , down the aisle through the gathered crowd while the balloons floated up around us . newline newline perhaps there were too many or we had nt tied them tight enough but all through our vows they were unwinding and shooting upwards , like they were celebrating too . the canvas began to tilt , and the plastic sheeting on the ground was lifting , and suddenly they were all gone and everyone was scrambling out of the way as anything not weighted down was pulled skyward . newline newline we re sitting on top of the collapsed platform , holding hands , laughing while the photographer tries to get pictures of the gazebo roof lifting off and soaring to space on the top of a thousand coloured globes . he s not looking where he s going , and backs into the lake . the camera s probably ruined , all the photographs gone , but you know what ? it s fine , i m just fine . newline newline we look up . the disappearing trailing undulating ribbons like upsidedown grass . i ve forgotten what it was like to worry . my mother is grabbing at my dress to keep it out of the mud , crying because it s not right it was nt time look at them all the whole roof ! why are they clapping what s going to happen ! stop laughing it is nt funny oh my god your dress  and i do nt care , by the way  newline newline because i m happy . did you hear ?  newline newline  no , what ?  newline newline  the company ! it s quitting time  newline newline  really ? took long enough . i ve always hated how hard it is to see when it s curing , just this morning i got yelled at for being on time  newline newline  i know what you mean , i was on the paver last week and did nt notice it was running low until time stopped and everything ground to a halt !  newline newline  you think that was bad , the worst was when we were pouring a new angled drive for the mayor . sun was setting behind it , and even looking straight at it you just could nt see time flowing , had to use the needle to gauge it .  newline newline  well at least this last batch is going alright , always nice to end a job with a good stretch of time . so did you hear what we re moving to ?  newline newline  no clue , the foreman was super evasive about it , i do nt think he liked the thought of running out of time . he did say he d tell me later though  newline newline  he was nt being evasive you dolt , that s the new product ! though i hear it smells like camels going in but it really shines up .  newline newline  fair enough , although who in their right mind would name a product though ?  guys , i think we should nt excavate around here ,  said john . newline newline  but why ?  asked one of john s colleagues . newline newline john pointed to a fence with a nuclear waste disposal sign on it . newline newline  but we got permission from the government to dig here ,  he argued . newline newline  it s not that ,  replied john .  the nuclear sign is a decoy . it s actually the underground city of the liz   newline newline all of them were hit by a bazooka . newline newline   newline newline  they were not aware that one of them has the gift ,  said grekthul the savage .  presidents these days , too easy to bribe .  newline newline  i know . it s both a blessing and a curse ,  agreed his companion . newline newline  yeah , let s go home .  newline newline and they opened to tunnel to return to their subterranean dwellings . newline newline the end .david attenborough : the male homosapien is one of the most devastatingly inept animals at courting a female partner . millenia of practice displaying social worth has been lost in recent years and the average wooing attempt results in the female feeling uncomfortable and the male feeling suicidal : a consequence unheard of in nature  s infinite diversity , until now . newline newline watch here as a beta male tries to improvise a request to socialize by sneaking a letter into a prospective female companion  s locker . you can see he realizes he forgot to add his name to the correspondence and now his anonymous letter , which was written just above the brink of legibility , falls on the wrong side of the cutecreepy event horizon . theoretically there is a way to crawl oneself out of the creepy black hole , but it requires a much greater level of attractiveness than our subject has to offer . all hope is lost but unfortunately it  ll take more humiliation for him to realize it . newline newline using our highspeed cameras we can see a small increase in moisture along the inseam of his  19 denim jeans , indicating the female target is near and he has no evasive maneuvers in his arsenalhe is , after all , just a beta male . he runs over to the bubbler and rehydrates as he surreptitiously watches her movements from under his arm . she begins reading the letter , stops , looks around to see who her suitor might be . the male remains safely hidden for now . after a few moments he reasons she has all the information to make his approach a skillful one . newline newline he whispers a greeting from a hoarse and pathetically weak voice . the woman screams as he touches her arm , causing him to scream in return . both subjects run in opposite directions , burying themselves deeper into the complex jungle of human interaction . newlineit was a old person , you realized , when they finally passed under a street lamp close enough for you to actually see they well , a very old person , made androgynous by countless years . the cold rain was gentle , yet its weight seemed to bend them over more than it should have  their pace heavy yet steady as they walked towards you . they took at seat across from you under the shelter of the bus stop and studied your face . newline newline you ignored them and waited for the last bus of the night . newline newline it pulled up in a fit of noise and light that interrupted the  quiet for you  hum of the dark city . it would be a long drive , and you hoped it would be warm . you stood and eagerly turned to step on , but they were already between you and the opening door , a smile on their face , upon which was written more than you could hope to read . they stuffed a small something in your bundled arms with a few muttered words of presumably sage wisdom  you could nt really tell . you glanced at it . newline newline it was something , that was for sure , if you had not a clue what : something old , judging from the wear that seemed almost a part of it more than the thing itself . you flipped it over in your hands and squinted against the dim light . a motionless clock face stared solemnly up at you . it looked extremely important , if the myriad minute dials that were scattered over the battered surface were anything to go by . whatever it was , you were going to throw it away in the soonest dumpster . newline newline  your responsibility , now .  whoever they were , they were happy . newline newline you glanced up just in time to see the bus  and the person  roar off , droning the name of the next town over and leaving you covered in the water of the road . you cursed verbosely and , after a moment s hesitation , pulled your cheap poncho over yourself and began the walk , the long long walk after the bus . tomorrow  today , actually  was the day it all mattered . newline newline you arrived , exhausted and utterly defeated , three hours later , and let yourself in to a building you told yourself was still home . an hour more , you woke again and dressed best you could , what with your clothing nearly all but ruined by the grime of that night s endless road . it does nt make a good case when your eyes are sunk , your attire is ratty , and your exspouse is accusing you of neglect , you realized hopelessly , and let the droning words fly through your ears , their meaning which you could barely string together despite however intently your tried to listen . the decision was already made , two weeks prior , but when you heard it , it felt like it was your fault today . you lost them all and were left standing on the courthouse with nothing , nothing really . newline newline you did nt even notice that you still had the , the thing until that night , back in the city , in your apartment , as you catatonically began to go through the motions of an everyday bedtime routine . you dully noticed it , at first , and could nt care less . it kept catching your eye , despite your best efforts  finally you acquiesced and actually looked at it . if it used to do anything , it was dead now , deader than the metaphorical doornail . a name was written on it  your name , oddly enough . you placed it on the shelf and it peered back at you through lifeless eyes that did not glow and a frozen face proclaiming midnight in its sleep . as you gazed at it , the gravity of the device suddenly struck you , and the weight of the responsibility placed upon your unwilling shoulders nearly overwhelmed you . you scratched your leg and determined to discover what , exactly , the device was and what your new role of custodian to it meant . first , you slept . newline newline the next morning , you brought it to the police in lieu of any better ideas . the professional indifference they exhibited after you reminded them it was nt actually involved with any crimes was astonishingly firm  it was only for a helpful intern stopping you as you were walking out and mentioning her friend of a brother that you got the scientist s email . you sent several photos of the device and got an almost immediate response asking that it be shipped to boston . you figured you might as well  and shipping was nt really that bad  so you did . a week later , you received two letters in the mail , one from harvard , one from mit , both politely demanding to purchase it off you for very steep sums of money . you declined . newline newline you used it as an awkward flowerpot for about a month and a half and tried to forget about , then , but you could nt . ancient mysterious devices are supposed to be instantly understood , right ? so why was nt this one ? you wanted to finish college anyways , so what the hell , you quit your stupid job and took up electrical engineering . two years , the third time failing differential equations , and fifteen thousand later , you discovered that had probably been a mistake . one thing stuck with you , and after you dropped out you taught yourself to write , while trying to find answers abut the device you d implicately sworn to understand . more than once , you tried to destroy it in a fit of frustration , but it never looked more battered for it than it already had been , which was entirely . newline newline it was a damn good conversation piece , that was for sure . without anybody you cared to speak of before , the friends that you started to make fell into two categories : those you found while trying to learn what the device was , and those you found you while trying to learn where the device was . there was a lot of speculation and at least one conspiracy forum that sprung up around the thing  you were famous , in the same way that vennu mallesh is a good songwriter . newline newline somewhere on your journey , you found love . it was nt like last time , where the two of you did it just for the sake of getting it done  it came slowly , it took you about four years to actually notice it had happened  you got married in two weeks to make up for it . newline newline you forgot about it , that time , after you came back from honeymoon and immediately began to pack for a relief trip to sudan . when you returned and began to build a home , you put it in your bedroom and ignored it . newline newline it was over the passing of a few days that you slowly realized that , while apparently dead as ever , the clock face stared lifelessly at the world showing quarter to two . it gave you chills , and you dared question your memory before you acknowledged it was somehow moving , although you had never seen it . an enthusiastic friend offered to try and turn it on , and you reluctantly accepted . he returned a few days later with federal agents and an antiterrorism unit  apparently it had vanished , destroyed all electronics on his concretejungle block with a emp burst that woke too many sleeping governmental departments up . you got out only without any record only because they never found it . a thousand hours later , you heard a noise , looked up , and saw it looking at you from the other bench of a quiet bus stop , reading ten past seven . newline newline you sold books and raised kids , and somehow , the thing just lost the importance it used to hold in your life . god only knows how many years it caught dust on an upper shelf while you had friends , then babysitters , then first dates , then grandchildren over  while you planned frugally budgeted trips across the continent and proposed yearlong adventures like the ones you wrote of and negotiated family reunions . newline newline the continuous if entirely imperceptible traversal of the small face by the hands which never bent , never moved , was a reassuring constant in your life  the device something you often found yourself smiling at in passing whenever you happened to notice it . you wondered about the person who gave it to you , not often , but enough to keep their memory fresh in your aging brain . newline newline after the funeral was over  it had been sudden , a bad fall that simply broke too much to fix  you dug it out that night and impetuously went walking , you never knew where . the clock was just showing midnight when you saw whom it had been always meant for . newline newline you handed it to the young woman sitting under a bus stop in the rain , told her what it was , and caught a taxi home . newline you re just a weak man in a position of power , do you feel secure right now ?  newline newline i looked at the would be assassin standing before me . i watched as he drew his weapon from his side with one hand and a suppressor from his pocket with the other .  no , i suppose not .  i replied . he screwed the suppressor to the front of his gun .  but what if i told you it was nt worth it , i am not worth the money they re paying you .  he gripped the top of his weapon and chambered a round . newline newline  listen old man , i doubt you can offer me more than 15 million , and i m the one with the gun so maybe  newline newline  so maybe you should hear me out .  newline newline the young man stood silently , looking quite annoyed with my interruption as he caressed the trigger with his finger . i continued on ,  i doubt a young kid like you still believes in god or religion , and i do nt blame you for that ... hell , i do nt believe that shit either . but there s more to this than whoever hired you has told you , in fact there s more here than most would be willing to admit .  newline newline his gun lowered ever so slightly as he began to think . this was my gift , the gift of gab . i did nt have to be snarky or use big words , i did nt have to be eloquent and articulate  i simply needed to get him thinking .  why do you think they sent you here ?  i said raising up slowly from my chair . newline newline the boy took a step back and raised his weapon again .  relax , would you like a drink ?  i walked over to the mini bar and began to prepare a glass for myself . newline newline  no , now turn around and face me so i can get this over with .  newline newline  as you wish ,  i sighed . this kid was clearly a rookie , if they sent a man i d have been dead 2 days ago in a parking garage somewhere . i placed my glass on the counter and pulled my 1911 from the ice bucket , silently and with practiced precision . i raised my weapon as i would have my glass and slowly began to turn . as my shoulder opened and began to reveal the mouth of my dragon i commanded him to roar . newline newline my house keeper burst into the room as i pulled the magazine from my gun . i reached down under the bar and grabbed another round to replace the one i had fired and returned my pistol to its resting place . newline newline  would you like me to clean him up , master ?  newline newline  yes , and would you please send this letter to my brother . i have a phone call to make .  i knelt next to the man i floored , briefly , and took him by the hand . i placed his finger on the entrance wound my .45 left in his skull and then pressed it to the seal of my letter . i disarmed him quickly ran his pockets and rose handing the letter to susan . newline newline  ssure ... sir .  she said , clearly disturbed . i smiled as i brushed passed her and looked at the small black burner phone i took from the young man s pocket . i looked at it in all of its obsolete  glory as i pressed and held the number 5 . newline newline two rings .  hello ? how d it go ?  newline newline  hello , father , we need to have a little chat about a certain visitor i ve accepted recently . if i m not mistaken , matthew sent him , and if i know matt , he did nt get that idea on his own .  newline newline the line went dead .everyone just called it last sight  , because it was literally the last place you saw before you got boxed . newline there were plenty of digital slums now and this was the worst of them . the residents were allocated the very lowest amount of bandwidth to keep living   and as a result , everything was in drab greyscale . sometimes even plain white and black when resources were especially low . newline distance was filtered too  you could nt see more than a few cubic meters around you , so you were constantly running into the other digital homeless , trudging through the slums , bouncing off their collision barriers like a primitive game of pinball . newline although , it was nt like there was much to look at on the street . everything was plain , uniform and lowquality . doors did nt even open and close  they just disappeared and appeared  where there were doors . newline disaffected people had scrawled graffiti on the walls by forcing impacts to occur between indestructible digital objects , leaving a trail of jumbled code and scrambled textures to form words . newline but even the digital graffiti would eventually revert back , fading until the walls were uniform and grey again . newline newline once we had all been living in a burgeoning digital utopia , free to fly , create , destroy and play . newline i only knew this because the other greyscale , nearly featureless denizens of the slum told me so in thier dreary , personalityfree monotone voices . i was born inside the digital world , just before things went bad . my parents had carefully coded me from their own digital essence  and i had sprung into this world with a fully functional mind , but with the knowledge of a newborn . newline there was no way to determine how old i was in biological years because time did nt work the same here as in the real  world . or so i had been told . all i knew was that my real world  uptime was twenty three thousand , four hundred and thirty seven hours  and i d only spent fifteen of those hours living in relative luxury before the degradation had started . newline one rumour was that something had gone wrong in the real  world and that was why the slums had sprung up  there were no longer enough resources free to allow everyone to live in a perfect world  so only the wealthy people and the valuable people got the best resources allocated and lived in an infinite reality of superhigh definition . newline the other rumour i believed was that the rich had simply taken so much and were so selfish that there was nt enough left for the poor and the broken . their grandiose creations and digital escapades were so out of control that the servers groaned under the weight of their bourgeois imaginings . newline in either case , there was no way to fix it . newline if the problem was in the real  world , then there was no one left out there to do anything about it . newline and should the rich be the cause of the slums , they had all the power in this world  we could nt even leave last sight , let alone confront them in their lofty digital nirvanas . newline all we could do now was to struggle on , until our last remaining credits dwindled away and the sweepers came to box us forever .at this point the male starts to approach the female . instinct takes over and he looks for subtle responses from her as he hones his attempt at mating . often at this point , the male will stumble and trip as the focus turns completely from his ambulatory ability to taking out the female . she notices his falter and turns her back on him . this only makes him work harder to get her attention . he makes jokes and uses his hands to show her how interested he is . after repeated attempts often with multiple females , the male wins and gets to take a female out for a night on the town that will ultimately end up in him embarrassing himself and having to start the process all over again . such is life when you are a male in high school .the discussion over dinner at the drysdale residence was awkward if rehashed . just fifteen hours earlier , they had watched their son emerge from his room as a giant vapour wave . newline newline after initial shock , confusion , frantic searching through the 2001 encyclopedia britannica cd for windows which tom  s father inexplicably kept freeballing on his cluttered desk next to a dusty family pc , and their failure to find an animal which could possibly correspond to the thing tom had become , the family had concluded that he was an extraterritorial freakazoid . tom  s mother proceeded to work herself into hysterical tears , and faint several times , while other members of the family proceeded to yell about intolerance , nazis , what the church thought about  this sort of thing  , and shitty planets that surely wished they were earth . tom for his part mostly hovered . newline newline around 4:30 a.m. tom  s father proceeded to kick tom out of the house , or that is yelled at the incomprehensible space he occupied to leave , which tom did without protest . around 5:15 , with tears rolling down his stout face , drew drysdale went out and called his son back in , before emotionally working himself up again , banishing the son , and going into the garage for hours . tom  s older brothers and sister went out and got tom back in the house , and drew for his part said nothing to challenge this , but gave the appearance of having not noticed . newline newline arguments began to lose their hysterical character around noon that day and the family proceeded to question what could have made their son turn into  such a fucking freak  on his 18th birthday . arguments were marshaled about the family  s allowance for gangster rap to be played at family diners , breastfeeding too long , freedom to mix with  the wrong sorts of people  , and other popsociological grenades viciously launched at other family members . newline newline normal children approached their 18th birthdays and transformed into eager beavers , horny rabbits and pathetically stoned orangutans . some became ants as small as a pin point , and more than a few unhappy family had accidentally vacuumed their children up having missed them altogether . the drysdales had read all the books about these things and knew what to expect . but a vibrating gaseous vapour expressing itself in the wave distribution pattern ? that was completely unexpected , at least as far as germaine and drew were concerned . newline newline isabelle for her part marshaled herself to speeches in defense of the  otherkin  whose rights and dignity had been spit upon newline newline she talked about the river of negative prejudice that flowed through the american middle class through conservative leaning talkradio . newline newline  and what  s wrong with rush limbaugh anyways ?  drew shot back .  how  s he wrong ? these people are just antiearthists who hate our planet and our way of life ! and no son of mine is going to be one ! he  s just acting up anyways !  newline newline  acting up ? ! he  s your son !  newline newline  son ! ? he doesn  t even have genitals anymore !  newline newline and so on . newline newline by noon the family departed into pockets of interests to better argue amongst themselves about how stupid and intolerant the parents were or how liberal , spoiled , and permissive the children were . about how nobody had standards anymore , or else about the argument that the intergalactic entities might have a better attachment to certain solar system planets if they were afforded the same rights and earthhabiting creatures were . newline newline dinner began with a relatively good hearted effort to avoid ruining the veal and pavlova , germain had laboured over that day despite her fainting spells . but twelve minutes in , the discussions resumed and accusations were thrown around again . tim hovered at the edge of the table , having not eaten  or rather processed  any of his veal and creamed barley with a lemon sauce . but the room began to vibrate and blue and red outlines appeared on the edges of the tangible objects as he began to address the group . newline newline i  m sorry to have caused everyone so much pain . this is clearly unexpected , but mom , dad , this is who i am . really , you didn  t do anything wrong . i am what i am . it  s ok. and thanks isabelle and my two brothers . we had a lot of good times together . i  m happy to know that you care enough about extraterrestrial affairs enough to stand with me in combating the hate that goes around on this planet unchecked . i have my own thoughts on these things of course , but now  s not the time . i must go to live for a while in a place where i will be accepted for who i am . it won  t be perfect of course , but it will help me learn things i need to know for myself . goodbye everyone , and i love you all . you  re all special to me .  newline newline the room rumbled and the vague outline of tom vanished from the dinning room . everyone  s noodle was totally blown , and they just sat there for a while saying almost nothing . the pavlova spoiled on the counter with it  s  18  shaped candle sagging into the cream . newline newline tom returned a year and a half later , and the drysdales resumed their course of living together as a family . they apologized to one another for their hurtful words , but tom chose to remain in his human form while he was in the home . it was just a bit too much for his parents to see him in his  other  form . that said , his father opened up from time to time saying limbaugh wasn  t right about everything , except the president being kenyan of course slowly the drysdales began to soften in other ways . tom introduced them to dubstep music and the theory of light and the red shift . germain began to listen to skrillex at her exercise classes . she didn  t approve of all of it of course , she would always tell her workout friends , but when you forgot about the drops it was really kind of great for getting pumped up with . newline newline one day a work colleague made comment in the men  s room at work about kids who  vaped for life  , implying a tacit chuckle at the high rates of philosophical suicide among nonearth entities . newline newline  i  ll have you know , my son is a vapourwave.  newline newline and drew walked out with a smile on his face , proud of his son , and proud of being a father where it mattered .newline writingpromptsbot stood in the center of mission control , a moderation watch room in the center of the subreddit . vacuum tubes and flashing lights illuminated the room as the robot turned to watch various monitors . newline newline lordmalifico was drunk in a hallway , with his pockets being picked by one of the nonmoderator users while another stole his shoes , agonistagent was busy looking over previous posts in the archive , survivortype sat in the mod lounge with ryan kinder , the two sharing a pack of cigarettes , and lastly , halfhound was hitting a stack of computer servers with a wrench . after a while , the man wiped his brow and plugged the servers into an outlet brick . newline newline behind him , sakanagai slipped into the room , gave a quick look around to see if he was followed , and approached halfhound . in a sickeningly fast motion , sakanagai s grew a wide set of wings and a pair of vampiric fangs . he attacked halfhound and fled after draining just enough lifebearing vitae from him , leaving the other moderator dazed and disoriented from the attack . newline newline halfhound , apparently having no memory of the attack , continued to hit a stack of computer servers with a wrench . newline newline writingpromptsbot just stared with a robotic expression of horror on the module that could be considered his face . a dotmatrix printed sheet of paper gradually slid out of his mouth , emblazoned with the letters omg .  newlinemy alarm went off a 4:30 and i fought the impulse to hit snooze . i had a lot of miles to drive , and putting it off would just mean i d hit albuquerque closer to rush hour . bleary eyed , i dressed and pulled aside the curtain between the sleeper berth and the cab of my truck to look for my shoes . a fine mist of water droplets on the the windshield gave the lights of the truck stop a fractured , pixilated appearance . i grabbed my toothbrush and stumbled across the lot in search of coffee . newline newline the fine , misty rain , so odd in the desert , did a lot to wake me up as i crossed the parking lot . i lifted my face to it , enjoying the incongruity . when i first noticed the white shape moving through the air above the row of trucks , i thought it was a loose plastic bag being tossed about by the light breeze . it seemed to hover above the trailers , moving erratically along the row until it stopped over one in particular . that s when i noticed the arrowlike shape , and the glow that was more than just reflected light . the arrow dipped , touched the top of an older trailer , flickered briefly , and the truck and trailer just vanished . newline newline i stopped in my tracks and just stared at the empty space where an eighteen wheeler had just been sitting . i rubbed my eyes to clear them , but the space was still empty . i felt the water droplets from the cool mist on my face and was certain i was nt dreaming , but i could nt reconcile what i had just seen . a truck on it s way to the fuel island pulled up behind me and the driver honked his air horn , shaking me from my shock with a startled jump . i waved an apologetic hand his way and continued inside in a daze . newline newline i could nt have seen what i thought i d just seen , it had to have been a lingering dream image , or the hallucination of an overtired mind . i tried to shake it off as i brushed my teeth and took care of my other morning necessities . i got a large cup of the extracaffinated coffee and a breakfast burrito and headed for the cashier . i tried to ignore the glowing green diamond shape floating above her head , but my eyes kept creeping upward to stare at it as i paid . i mumbled rote responses to her , the exchange so familiar i could do it on autopilot . my mind was racing , tumbling over explanations but unable to fit what i was seeing into any sane framework . newline newline still moving on autopilot i walked out of the store . there was a hitchhiker with a cardboard sign sitting on an old olivedrab duffel bag just to the left of the door as i came out . there was a yellow exclamation mark floating over his head . newline newline  hey , buddy , you headed west ?  he asked as i was passing . newline newline my brain was still stripping gears , but my mouth found the answer without thought .  sorry . i never really liked escort quests .  newline newline as i was climbing back into my truck i caught a strangely familiar sound coming from the highway . i could nt place it at first , but it grew louder . waka waka waka waka waka the freeway overpass , just visible above the back of the lot , suddenly lit with a yellow glow , and the sound clicked into place . i dove into the cab of my truck and slammed the door closed . no driving for me today . nope . i climbed back into the sleeper berth , climbed into bed , shoes and all , and pulled the covers over my head . no way was i gon na risk becoming a power pellet for a giant yellow eating machine . maybe when i woke up , the world would be sane again . newlinethe smell was unbearable , the sound was so loud my ears were ringing . i wake up staring at the sky , it s bright , i look around me , i have a seatbelt on and my legs are buckled . my arms are free though and my neck feels stiff . i find the buckle on what i could only assume a harness of some sort . it s windy out and i can see huge piles of dirt out in the distance . newline newline i ca nt figure out who i am or where i am . i just know i am here and awake . i look down at my legs and undo the buckles from them also . my legs feel stiff as i try to step out of whatever it is im in , but i could nt find any balance and tumble forward , catching myself just barely with my hands . newline newline i turn my body around and stretch my legs out , trying to shake them but they only begin to shiver . it seems i have nt walked in awhile . newline newline i put my hands in my pockets and find a pencil and a notepad , then in the other pocket a couple of coins . i use my hands and grab my legs and massaging them , i can slowly feel them coming back , pins and needles up and down from the tip of the toe to the start of my thigh . newline newline after 5 minutes of getting the circulation back into my legs i am finally able to get standing , i look at vessel i was in and dig around , i find a flashlight and some tools . newline newline deciding i should see where i was , i climb out of this small hole the vessel seem to have been wedged itself in . there s trees and a large lake , i m at the top of a dirt hill . i look up and it seems the vessel was fossilized in a boulder and a shift in the rock caused it to slip out and into this hole . i look down from the top of the dirt hill and can tell it s a far drop . newline newline had the vessel not stopped , i would of been killed . newline newline i still ca nt seem remember who i am or where i am . i know i m on earth but ca nt put down a year . newline newline climbing up behind the vessel i can see an easier way down , just a short drop and a grassy hill down . i scale down it and start to think of what i should do . newline newline my stomach starts growling and my mind instinctively visions fruits , vegetables , and farm animals . i start to scavenge the nearby bushes and trees , scanning for edibles . my mind becoming almost like a catalog . each time i find a different plant or herb , it nullifies it or assures me so i stick whatever looks right in my pocket with my notepad , pencil , and coins . newline newline i hear footsteps in the distance and instantly duck . i cautiously wait , but the foot steps have stopped . staring deeply into where the footsteps came from , i can see something very hairy , almost brownish hair . newline newline it s sniffing around and turning quietly , scanning everywhere . newline newline i ca nt make out what it is , it s looks like a gorilla , but it s taller and standing on long legs , not unlike a humans , i can see it has joints , like knees , and it s thighs are covered in fur . newline newline moving my head up to see it s face , it spots me , it lets out a large roar and starts heading at me full speed , branches , bushes , are being torn apart , i m doing my best to run back up the hill , but his speed is unmatchable , i get almost up to the top to jump down back onto the vessel and he snags me by my suit just as i leap . newline newline it pulls me infront of him and studies me , not like food , but more inquisitive . it s eyes are green , it s nose like a human , and it s lips more prominent . newline newline tossing me over it s shoulder he takes me back the way he came , i can see the destruction of the brush it tore through to get to me , broken branches , a few trees knocked over , this was a very strong ... whatever it was . i could nt be sure . newline newline it carried me a good 15 minutes until we got to a cave like structure . it looked like an entrance , he sat me infront of it , it was a very dark cave , i could nt see anything in it . newline newline it let out a roar again , but this time a more subtle one . 4 creatures not unlike it came out , all varying in color , he was a brownish tan . the other three were slightly variations of orange and yellow . i could now make out the males and females , by the obvious protruding element on 2 of them . newline newline none of them were really scary and i realized if i was going to die , i would of already been mauled at the beginning . i stood up and looked at each one of them , starting to see how truly wonderful looking these creatures were . newline newline i spoke ,  hello .  newline newline they looked at me and just blinked . newline newline i tried again ,  i m harmless , so do nt kill me ok ?  newline newline they looked at eachother and the biggest one , the one who found me , wandered into the cave and fetched something . i finally saw what it was when he laid it gently down at my feet , stepping away cautiously . it was a leg of some animal , it was thick , bloody , and looked fresh . newline newline the creature started motioning his hands like he was eating a corn on the cob , telling me to eat it . newline newline i shook my head and pulled out some berries i had in my pocket , the ones i collected before the creature found me . i showed them to him , then ate one . he looked interested , so i handed one to him , he took it cautiously , sniffed it , then popped it in his mouth . newline newline he shook his head i handed him the rest and he distributed them to what i could only now assume his family . they each ate them and nodded all together , i pulled out some herbs i had also collected and handed them to him aswell . newline newline he took it and ate it just as the berries , but this time , gagged and spit it out . it must of been bitter , he shook his head . newline newline i looked around and spotted some dry brush , some sticks and rock , it came as instinct to make fire . i tried to motion to him  one moment .  but sorta just waved my hands in a weird manner . newline newline i grabbed the dry brush and set it ontop of the rock , then spun the stick as fast as i could , the 4 creatures now sat down just as i was and watched me . newline newline finally , after a few minutes i was able to get the sparks going , i blew lightly and the little flame started growing , until i had a small fire . newline newline i grabbed the leg of the animal and started cooking in the fire . the creatures were scared but fascinated by the fire and the charring of the animal leg . newline newline after it was no longer pink , but a nice white color i pulled it out of the fire and peeled a piece off , i handed it to the bigger one , he ate it . he shook his head to his family and i peeled off more pieces for each of them . the biggest one came to me , and stood over me before taking a seat next to me . newline newline i was scared but also comforted by him . he grabbed the piece of meat out of my hands and tore a piece off and gave it to me . then brought it over to his family and they ate it . newline newline they invited me into their cave , it was too dark without light . i grabbed a stick , wrapped it in moss that i found nearby and light it on fire . newline newline we entered the cave and it was huge , we stopped at a fork in the path and started going right , we past a crack in the wall that was filling a bowl looking rock with what i could only assume freshwater . i stopped and drank feeling much stronger now that i was hydrated . we continued deeper until we hit a corridor it was very large and had grass and sticks in each corner . this must be where they live . newline newline illuminating each side of the corridor seeing piles of food  meat and more meat  newline newline the smell was becoming unbearable , some of the meat was rotting and had maggots on it . they must not notice or care . newline newline i notioned that i was heading out and they followed . i was nt sure what my next move should be , so i decided to build a shelter , their cave was nt going to work , for the smell and the fact i was nt brave enough to scout the cave out . newline newline as i searched for supplies and a spot to build a small camp , they followed along . newline newline eventually i settled upon a clearing big enough for a canopy and make shift home . newline newline i figured out they listened whenever i needed help . tree down . shrub up . move this . all i had to do was point and make the movements and they would follow along and do it . newline newline as night fall was coming the shelter was coming together , roof , walls , and a decent bed with tree branches and soft grass . newline newline i tried to sleep but mostly rolled uncomfortably and batted of bugs . newline newline it was morning when i was startled by lots of noises from every direction , through the brush i could spot more of these creatures , coming to the shelter , they walked as if one . each one with a synchronized steps . they all stopped around me , i was surrounded by hundreds of them now . newline newline i was nt scared though , it was contentment . they were all calm , breathing softly and waiting for something . i stepped out of the shelter and was infront of what seemed to be the leader . he was the only one who wore any clothing , he had a lions skin over his shoulders and a hat made of bones . newline newline he kneeled infront of me . newline newline newline newlinegeorge belonged to a syndicate . of the fifty or so men in the syndicate , george was the tallest and the most unlucky . sheriffs caught george on all five of his first bank robberies . george never served time nor did he ever find himself with a price on his head . the syndicate paid off certain towns  bank owners to not press charges when syndicate members were caught . newline newline george took five banks out of commission for the next year and produced nothing for the syndicate . once a member robs a bank , the bank needs time to cool down . george found himself without enough to pay in his monthly dues to the syndicate . also , the syndicate was growing impatient as it received zero from george in the form of percentage cuts from his jobs . newline newline  we can  t continue to support your failure ,  a small man wearing small glasses said to george from behind a desk covered in papers in a small dusty room in the back of a small dusty bar . newline newline  i understand , but i want to do just one more job  newline newline  george  the man sitting behind the desk looked at him over the top of his wiry glasses . newline newline george became slightly frantic ,  it  s numbers , you know this . it  s the basis of the whole operation . two in three robberies are successful , and the profits from the two are enough to cover the costs of the one . i  m bound to make it.  newline newline  i  m well aware of how the numbers work ,  the little man said dully .  there  s a great deal of unrest among the members . they want you out . i can  t take any risks , i  m just trying to keep things running smoothly.  newline newline  one more ,  george insisted . newline newline  you  re free to do whatever you want , but the syndicate can  t help you out.  newline newline  please ,  newline newline  you said it yourself , it  s numbers . if you think you can do it , do it yourself.  the man behind the desk grew impatient . newline newline  i suppose so.  george stood up , looking down to the little man ,  thank you.  newline newline  don  t thank me . i haven  t done you any favors.  newline newline george turned and stepped through the door not far behind the seat he previously sat in . the bar outside the office dinned with the small talk of ruffians belonging to the syndicate . he searched for some eye contact to find someone to have a beer with but found none . the members did not acknowledge his presence . george figured they were well aware of his situation ,   unrest   george thought to himself . newline newline a new face walked in the entrance as george made his way to exit . newline newline  hi ,  the young man addressed george ,  i  d like to talk with vincent . he  s in back , right ?  newline newline george could feel the innocence in the young man  s pale , smooth face .  that would be me.  newline newline  hi , i arranged to speak with you . i  m john.  the young man shot out his hand to shake and george shook it . newline newline george could see the surprise in the young man  s eyes as they scanned each other . george hoped whatever description the young man had been given of vincent wasn  t too thorough .  you can call me vin . let  s step out for a bit.  newline newline the two made their way to another bar down the road . george thought hard while they made small talk on the way . john noticed vincent  s distance and interpreted it as disinterest . when they arrived at the cleaner , less rowdy bar , they took a table in the back and both lit cigarettes and ordered beers . newline newline george laid out the plan in great detail . the two ride in on one horse monday morning . john enters alone and george sneaks in back and holds up the bank owner from the window . newline newline  is that really necessary ? doesn  t the syndicate pay off the bank owner ?  john questioned newline newline  i don  t want him getting any ideas . i know what i  m doing , son.  newline newline from there , it  s basic procedure as george explained . in short , gun point the teller , throw the bag on the counter , and the teller follows as expected . newline newline the two finished their beers and john went home for the night and george took off for lenaway , the small town home to the bank the two planned to rob . the next morning , george spoke with the bank owner . newline newline  a triple payment ?  the wrinkly owner questioned . newline newline  yes , the syndicate will pay you triple ,  george confirmed . newline newline  i have to shoot the fellow ?  newline newline  yes , and hand the money out the back window to me , who will be patiently waiting.  newline newline  why do i have to go and shoot the guy ?  newline newline  he  s been causing unrest within the syndicate.  newline newline  i see ,  the owner said and sat back in the chair behind his desk and contemplated the operation . newline newline monday morning came and george waited patiently outside the window to the owner  s office in the back of the bank . george heard two shots and was concerned about the second . soon , the owner handed him the money out the back window and he was on his way . success he thought to himself as he rode off . newlinei was up in the clouds . newline newline fluffy ones frolicked down below me . swirling thin ones swishing merrily past my car . i poked a finger out the window , mystified at how i went from driving on the busy freeway to suddenly bobbing up in the sky , thousands of feet above the ground . the wind whistled past my finger , feeling bitterly cold against my skin . newline newline it felt real , enough . i rolled the window back up . newline newline i rustled through the papers strewn along the passenger seat . eventually i found my cellphone , hidden beneath legal papers and forgotten lunches . wiping it off , i hesitated at turning the phone on . her angry face still branded on my memory . the tears this morning as anna and i snapped harsh words at each other . little maggie running back to her room , a small stuffed toy in a grubby hand . i cradled the phone , thoughtful . the floating clouds around me were silent , peeking at me curiously as they flitted past . newline newline so many angry words . i forget why we fight so often , especially since i loved her so . it could nt be good for maggie either , with her round sunny face . it was time for a change . gingerly , i turned my phone on and scrolled over to my contacts . my finger hovered over anna s name for a few moments . newline newline then with a shake , my car bumped against something solid . i jumped , uncertain of this turn of events . pushing my way up the seat , i strained to see what i could ve bumped into , all the way up here . i blinked in fascination . a large platform stretched before me , and in the distance , i saw a person hurrying down to greet me . newline newline i paused , glancing at anna s number . then , with a bit of hesitation , i opened my door and stepped out onto the clouds , the phone still in hand . newline newline the person was close enough to stretch out a hand now . he smiled wide at me ,  welcome , mr. peterson . we have been expecting you .  newline newline  what is this ? where am i ?  i could nt help but snap , as my nerves jangled . newline newline his grin became broader . with a wide swoop of the hand , he proclaimed ,  welcome to heaven , sir .  newline newline and with a shudder , the phone slipped from my fingers and plummeted to the earth far below .my parents suffered the most . all of the other newborns at good samaritan hospital would cry , sleep , eat , sleep , fill their tiny diapers with meconium , and sleep . when i was sated by my mother s milk , i would just stare with wide , haunting eyes as my body lay limp . i must have looked brain dead , or dying . newline newline the doctors would nt let me go home for 2 months and one day . but i was nt kept in the incubators with the lucky ones , the infants with actual problems . they just kept a room open for my mother to stay with me while specialist after specialist did test after test . on my 2ndmonth birthday , i was released , but they kept us there another day because mom had cried herself to dehydration , over her baby who she imagined was dying . newline newline fact is , i was somehow perfectly well . but how could my parents know that ? as the months dragged on , mom and dad began taking shifts to watch me , for fear that being alone and awake for 8 hours in a stretch would make me insane for lack of stimulation . but that meant night shifts for them both . dad became useless at work because of the exhaustion , and was fired two days before my first birthday . newline newline mom was the first one to give up on me , and it saved our family . i think she was about to leave dad , because they never saw each other anymore  one was always sleeping , while the other took care of me . and she had already been regularly falling asleep in the middle of her shift , completely spent . she woke up at 2am , filled my crib with nonchokinghazardous toys , walked quietly into their bedroom , and turned off the alarm . dad would sleep that night , and i would have to be okay . i had to . newline newline i was .note , this turned out way longer than i planned and i maybe missed a class to finish it . part two is posted in reply to this post !  newline newline every damn day , some peppy gogetter , errol flynn college boy approaches me . they always ask the same crap . what advice do you have for someone about to hit the job market ? any wisdom for a business major ?  newline newline kid , when you get to be my age , you learn that you are the exact same person you were when you were 22 . the only difference is you finally realize whether you are a successful human being , or a bitter fart , like me . you do nt get smarter . you just learn to live with the shit way the world works . newline newline for as long as i can remember , i ve had issues with my mental health . noting major , just the occasional severe migraine , sometimes i black out , sometimes i go on auto pilot . it was never an issue until the last two years . my wife had just left my ass . my kids decided they hated me . i started coasting , involuntarily , i might add , through my job reading meters . which i was already in danger of losing to some collection of tin and silicon that apparently does my job better than i do . newline newline do nt get me wrong  i m bitchin  , but i do nt need pity . my condition has been afflicting me all my life . i am actually a pretty smart fella . i was a great writer in school . i could just never focus long enough to actually make a profit of my skill . turns out readin  meters is about all i m suited for . it only takes three seconds per site . newline newline heh . my wife always said i ramble . i got laid off a week ago . made redundant . a cog that no longer fit in the machine . i do nt even remember the trip home . i do nt remember falling flat on my bed . i do nt remember any of it . i was on auto pilot . my mind was a dying animal , my head was a prison and my body was the euthanizing agent . newline newline i had a dream . it was nt entirely a dream . i was nt awake and i was nt asleep . i was nt in our world . i was falling , flying in some other realm , soaring over endless deserts made of grains of time , and alien towers with impossible geometry . i was surrounded by a strange aura , a living shadow that encapsulated me . it was me and i was it . it lived in my head and outside my body . it was half my soul . it told me it had been there since the start of my life . it told me there were others like it , in both its world and mine . it showed me what i can only describe as a gem . it was of a both shape and colour that i can not possibly explain , nor could have existed . and then i understood everything . newline newline i woke up . my head ached beyond belief , but with each breath i exhaled , the pain went away . slowly , the anger and frustration and illness i had harboured forever had finally left my body . i felt amazing . it was terrifying . i was not used to feeling renewed and rejuvenated . i feared this change .  newline newline as the next few hours passed , i began to ... feel something . surrounding my body . the entity from my dream . the living shadow . it was me and i was it . it existed and it did not . it was a second consciousness that was not affected by time , nor space . newline newline i soon discovered it was not quite affected by our laws of physics , either . it is taking getting used to , but i can ... i can control it . i dare not say i am its master , but it seems satisfied to share my intentions . that is the only way i can explain it . it started the day after my dream . i reached to close a cupboard but before my arm had straightened , the cupboard slammed shut . the next time i noticed , i reached for my bottle of whiskey , but the glass had shattered before my hand was even close to reaching it . over the next day or two , little instances like these kept occurring . newline newline but finally , a voice in my mind , my voice ,  told me that i was still learning to use my body . looking back it makes no sense at all , but at the time , i simply understood . i can only compare it to going 49 years without moving your legs only to finally try them out once you re 50 . newline newline i do nt consciously understand all this  four dimensional being  business , but i do know that this thing has essentially given me a new muscle . i ca nt explain it any other way than by saying   i can move shit with my mind .   it s not that simple though . it s not an interaction between my mind and the whiskey bottle . it s an interaction between my will and the shadow s  body  . i have to focus not my brainpower , like comic book telekinesis . i have to focus my new limb . again , see 50 year old legless man analogy . newline newline i m getting more and more used to it . yesterday , i played baseball in the park , at bat and outfield at the same time . today , i learn to fly .  it s not as hard as it sounds . the only difference between flying and grabbing the whiskey is that this time , i am the bottle . if you hold your body too loosely , you slip out of your own grip . hold on too tight , and ... well i am assuming you explode . newline newline i start slow and easy . i take hold , and lift myself off the ground . slowly ,  i say to myself . it is a strange sensation that i have never experienced . usually , this small scale sort of flight is accompanied by the tight grip of someone s straining arms around your midsection . but right now , i feel serene . weightless . i straighten my legs and point my arms , palms down , to the ground . i do nt know , it makes sense . it seems to work as i gain a bit of altitude . i do it again with a bit more force and i shot much higher . this is brilliant . absolutely exhilarating . i decelerate and eventual touch gently to the ground with a sort of rough grace that can really only be experienced by an old timer who can fly . newline newline i stand on the ground , staring at nothing really in particular . if there is one other thing i have noticed this past week , it is that my inner monologue is a lot more coherent and significant . in fact , it is more of a dialogue . between me and the shadow , but really it feels like i am the only one talking . it is strange to know yourself through someone else s mind . i wonder if the shadow has it s own curiosity regarding me and my nature ? i find it funny how much  and how little i have changed . duality is strange enough . discovering your own duality  at age 50 is like being born again . newline i say , alastair , this worldwide pandemic going around is quite the enigma .  newline newline  quite so , edward . making everyone mute . tut tut .  newline newline  who is this , alastair , rushing into our laboratory with the queen s guard ?  newline newline  you must be professors alastair , and edward . good day . i come from the queen . this muteness pandemic is quite concerning . you see , unbeknownst to most britons , and the lesser people of the world as well , the queen s longevity owes to the peculiar fact that her subjects intoning god save the queen  is the basis of her life force . if the whole of humanity can no longer speak , the queen will be in mortal danger . we ca nt have that , now can we ?  newline newline  certainly not . edward , now is our time . the realm has called on us , and we must respond . it is our duty .  newline newline  certainly alastair . there is no doubt that the very first measure we must take to prevent muteness from overtaking the empire is ... ... ... .  newline newline  ... .. ... .  newline newline  .. ..  newline newline england , probablymy dearest shirley , newline newline hey sweetie . i know it s been a while since the last letter but tomorrow i drop so i figured there would nt be a better time . this place is so different from home you would nt believe it . it makes me ache for the rows of corn back in iowa , you know , the kind we ran through when we were just kids ? newline newline i miss you , sweetie . more than you could possibly imagine . but i ll be home before you know it . say hi to elise for me , unless it ends up being junior . i love you honey , and newline newline shirley . i discovered this letter crumpled up in man s pocket , and wished to send it on . letter was addressed to you so i assume you are wife . i am sorry to say that husband was killed by landmine . please accept humble apologies and condolences . war is not who we are , i hope you have heart to forgive what we do in the name of our country , and pray that you should not have cause to defend yours . newline newline with regret , newline na chonghun newline newline oh crap newline newline newline horror overwhelmed me as i noticed the file placed on my table . this was serious , not one of the usual cases that i would handle , nor one i thought i would ever resolve in my time with this job . no dillydallying could be afforded here , immediate action needed to be taken . how long has it been already anyway since his time ran out ? a couple of days hopefully . blitzing to action , i grabbed the phone dialed the enforcement branch . my hands pressed the dark buttons as i had done numerous times in this job , but with more urgency than usual . my fingers operated on their own , though i could feel it trembling with each succeeding press . the dial tone eventually came up and passed through my ear . newline newline newline  you have contacted the enforcement branch of the ministry of death , all our operators are busy right now , please hold  newline newline newline oh oh sure ... i  ll , y  know , just wait with this literal madman on the loose . for some reason , the higher ups thought it was alright to approve his request to return to the living world . sure , there were some conditions , but who in their right mind would allow him anyway . i clenched my fist in frustration and slammed my desk , causing my grim reaper plush to go flying off my desk . the calm elevator music coming from the phone dial really did not help . heck , it frustrated me even more . this was an emergency for crying out loud , why is there not an emergency line set up these sort of things . newline newline newline  your call may be recorded for training purposes  was the last synthetic voice that was heard before someone finally answered the bloody line . newline newline newline  hitler  s visa expired.  i yelled out , nearing my breaking point when the operator calmly asked me why i was calling . newline newline newline i could hear whoever was on the other side of the line choke on whatever he was drinking and spit it out , probably in shock just as i was when the file appeared on my office desk . newline newline newline  i need field permission , now !  i continued , not even letting the operator get a chance to respond . newline newline newline  sir , how long has he been overstaying in the living world.  newline newline newline damn phone operators . always following protocol . can  t he see this is a freakin emergency newline newline newline  to hell with protocol , this is an emergency . use your bloody brain for once , wire me up to the higher ups and get me field permission . now !  newline newline newline  but sir , we can  t allow field extraction until.  newline newline newline this guy this guy was really testing my patience . this is a matter of universal security , both on the living and dead world . screw protocol , action needs to be taken . we can not allow this madman out for any longer in the living world . newline newline newline  just wire me to the higher ups . now.  i sighed , giving up . they better use this call for training like they said and maybe , just maybe , have some sort of protocol for emergencies . newline newline newline  right away sir . please hold ,  was the last thing that he said before calming elevator music started playing through the phone again . newline newline sometimes , i understand why people say this job is worse than hell . newline newline   newline newline took a slightly more fun take on the prompt , hopefully its still enjoyable . drop by rgergwritingarchive , i really need to start writing more but never have time to do any . anyway , feedback is always welcomestanley became very aware that jillian was not interested in him . he turned around and walked back to his single room studio apartment . as he walked , he noticed that his favourite coffee shop now sold beetroot frappes . as he walked , he wondered what it would taste like so he decided to buy one . he sat down in his favourite caf and drank his beetroot frappe , the purple juices spilling over his facial hair . while he sat next to the window , he saw jillian , also walking into the caf and she too bought a beetroot frappe . jillian caught his eye . stanley caught her eye . they raised their beetroot frappe  s up in appreciation of each other and they fell desperately in love with each other . newline newline the end . newline where are you going ? !  , the passenger yelled , furiously .  the helicop  newline newline  went down chiltern ? .  , i interjected .  i know . i just need a few more seconds .  newline newline  but  newline newline as the car turns the corner , i turn my head . i look at the weary , angry man in the back of my unassuming black cab replica . i look him dead in the eye and flick my turn signal on as i swerve into the roundabout at precisely 126mph , dodging traffic and maintaining eye contact with the man on the back seat . newline  just shut up and trust me .  i groan , and turn my gaze back to the road . newline i open up my dashboard control panel , activate the rear smoke emitters as i make another left into station road , and smile as i watch our two pursuers perfectly tbone each other in my side mirror . newline newline newline a few more taps on the dash and we re locked on . i flip a switch and the car s six concealed missile launchers fire a salvo at the railway bridge ahead . just as the 15:26 came into view . newline newline newline  right on time .  newline newline newline as we pass under the bridge , the missiles curl upwards and hit the underside . the multiple explosive impacts cause the track to buckle upwards and snap as bridge debris rains down behind us . the train behaves as trains always do when this happens , ramping and gliding into a perfect midair collision with the helicopter , engulfing both in a colossal fireball . newline newline newline i take my foot off the accelerator and let the car drift to a halt near the smoking wrecks that inevitably crop up wherever someone redirects the metropolitan line into an apache helicopter . newline newline newline my passenger is in awe . i always love this part . i watch his face in the mirror as it starts to go through the usual stages of shock and disbelief . newline newline  h how did but ...  newline newline completely speechless . they always are . i give him his cue . newline  this is the bit where you say i m no ordinary cab driver .  newline newline  but ... missiles ...  a bit slow on the uptake . newline newline  standard issue . no , you did nt get my car by accident . we re a more specialised operation and we keep very close tabs on ... people like you .  newline newline i open the glovebox , fumble around for a pen , and start filling out an invoice . newline newline  mi6 , was it ?  i ask him , pen in hand . newline newline  wwha.. i..  he stammers , uselessly . newline newline  crisiscab . we have a contract .  i pass him the invoice .  your people will be here soon to tidy things up . please remind them they re due for renewal next month . no need to tip .  newline i open his door with another dashboard switch . newline he takes the hint and gets out , then walks over to my window . i roll it down . newline newline  just ... who the hell are you ?  he asks . at last , a full sentence . newline newline i take a business card out of the glovebox and hand it to him . as he looks down at it , i roll the window back up and hit the accelerator . zero to sixty in half a second . newline newline newline newline the agent turns the card over in his hand , thoroughly perplexed . newline  crisiscab taxi company  we signed up for this shit .  newline newline newline   newline this was my first time responding to a prompt , all feedback very much appreciated . newline newline newline edits : lineparagraph spacing .every year we have to sing to our sister dorm . and every year we have to slow dance with them . these are the things they tell me as we walk up to galloway . newline newline i sing let s get it on in my best impersonation of a black man s voice , which is actually kinda shitty . i am one of the last to mesh with the crowd . i am tall , and awkward . i do not like dancing . i do not like being social . newline newline but before i know it she has taken my hands in hers and is leading me into the dance . i look up from the ground and see a sun shining just in front of my sternum . newline newline dumbstruck i stumble , and she laughs . i am in love , then she is gone as the upper classmen whisk me away to take shots before the party tonight . i hope she comes . bullshit ,  you exclaim ,  you re just trying to get me to make a mistake.  you look at the tower of wooden sticks on the table . the game has gone on for a long time and the tower has gotten very high . the only move you can make is to take a left side piece from close to the bottom . newline newline  no . i promised i would give you 24 hours , it just so happens it  s advantageous for me to tell you now.  death chuckles and you pause while reaching for the piece . newline newline  won  t you get in trouble if i start stressing out and have a heart attack because you told me ?  newline newline  it doesn  t work like that . the specific details of each client don  t matter.  newline newline  so what ? my time is just up and in the next 48 hours i need to turn in my keycard and pack up my desk ?  newline newline  more or less.  newline newline  well i suppose i should use this time to say goodbye to loved ones . except i burned all those bridges to get here . the only people that care are the ones i make money for or who make money from me.  newline newline the tower falls , wooden pieces go flying across the room . death smiles to himself . newline newline  how should i feel right now ? what  s normal in this situation ?  newline newline death considers for a moment . newline newline  scared , confused , angry , serene . everyone has a different reaction.  newline newline  goddamn your casualness.  newline newline  there is still time to say no , the board voted but you still have to accept our offer . times are changing and we need strong leadership . but we can  t wait forever.  newline newline  no , you  re right , i just needed to get it out of my system ,  you reach into your suit jacket and pull out the pistol .  would you mind cleaning up after i  m done ?  newline newline  does it matter ?  newline newline  no , i guess not . quality control is a hell of a job . sure in other fields you spend a lot of time fine tuning . but we were the best of the best . only the top 10  of the moneymaking bestsellers got sent our way . project leaders slapped the seal of success on our work before it ever shipped to stores . newline those assholes did nt know how much work went into turning a good idea into a hit . i mean , i practically eat sleep and breathe in this office , afraid to lose my top cut position to the other 90  . it s fierce competition , and i love what i do . i d just like a little bit more recognition from the top brass , yknow ? newline we publish exactly one thousand books a year , and i m responsible for the tweaks , formatting and editing for four of them . my books get good release dates and small amounts of press , so i know i do good work . the work i do is good enough to warrant my own private in company apartment . but i ca nt ever leave . there s always one more thing to do . i ca nt remember the last time i left the complex and put my feet onto the pavement for a casual stroll . i may have forgotten the feeling of walking outside , strolling the streets , talking about anything but character development or smelling anything besides recycled air . but that s okay , i love my work ... i just hate being so alone .the laser hovered inches away from crichton s head , primed to slice the second dr. wilde pulled the lever . newline newline  any last words , mr. crichton ? perhaps a eulogy for the country you failed to save ? or an apology to the dead woman in the antechamber ? i do hope she released you before we did her .  newline newline crichton grimaced . then he shouted ,  i know about project medusa .  newline newline dr. wilde said ,  i know you do ,  and with that , he pulled the lever . the bluehot laser split crichton s head clean in two , right between the lips and nose . the edges seared , and the top half plopped to the ground . on impact , the brain slid out and landed with a thick squish . newline newline dr. wilde looked at the brain , the brain of crichton , the most damnbastard brilliant agent who ever pursued his schemes of capitalist conquests . he looked , and he walked backwards . newline newline the room spinned . he felt lightheaded , the way he felt after sitting up too quickly , or after one of his hard orgasms with vya aural  the former woman now collapsed and silent in the antechamber . dr. wilde extended his arms , feeling for a chair , a support , anything . newline newline failing , he fell on his large ass , and it was nt until a full minute later that he realized the only sound in the room was his ragged , cholesteroladdled breathing . newline newline he d won . newline newline the thought landed on him like a mortar . he d won . crichton followed him every step of the way . the handoff in hong kong . the plane crossing the kazakh border . the shootout on the border of moldova that cost crichton his righthand man , emil  the python  veidt . every step of the way . except the last step . newline newline project medusa was a smokescreen . the eponymous satellite was never built . the goal , all along , was simply to trap and kill crichton . newline newline and now it was done . newline newline dr. wilde sobbed . emotions raged in him , a tornado of guilt and righteous joy and fury and frustration ... and loss . in all his years , wilde never met a man as genius as himself . crichton came closest . and there was that one moment , just before the plane boarded in kazakhstan , when he spied on crichton through the slates of the cargo box . he d seen how crichton regarded the poor outside the gates . no compassion , no frustration , just utter indifference . that was when he thought crichton might finally understand the futility of absurd concepts like  morality  and  nationalism  and  loyalty .  how trite they were in such a world . newline newline he sobbed . there were no guards to see him . he d evacuated them to minimize human error . newline newline tears fell . there were no cameras . he d wanted the moment to be personal . newline newline he wiped his nose with his arm sleeve , and snot congealed on the fabric . for an hour  maybe more , maybe less , time grew faint  dr. wilde sat , alternating between crying and calming himself and staring at the remains of crichton and crying again , turmoil renewed . newline newline a knock came from the solitary door at the far side of the room . tinny and female . one of the scientists who developed the laser . she opened the door and poked her head in . newline newline  sir ?  newline newline  fuck off !   dr. wilde bellowed , and he heard footsteps clang on the grated floor outside . newline newline he stood and walked back to crichton s corpse . he pulled the brains off the floor and stuck them into the top half of crichton s head . he placed the skullcap tenderly on top of the bottom half of crichton s head . he looked at the face , which  barring the thick stripe of black edges across the face  looked like his old enemy . newline newline  crichton ? wakeywakey ,  dr. wilde said , and another sob escaped .  wake up . i need to tell you about project medusa .  newline newline he stepped back , and when he squinted , it almost looked like crichton was trying to ignore him . staring at the ceiling , eyes open . that was his old insouciant foe . dry to the last . dr. wilde wiped his eyes dry with the flat of his hand . newline newline  it s quite possibly the most advanced satellite ever devised .  newline newline the insane man talked to the dead man . his voice echoed through the hard rock walls of the underground lair .i thought about it again . i could nt really explain how i  knew  , but it was something that people were always able to conceive , just like a sixth sense . the ability to tell when one s own life was going to end , the except time and date . for some people they shared it openly and constantly , and for others they kept their times hidden away . for some people , a faroff date and time was a sign of prestige . hell , some people even had benefits if they were either due for a super long or super short life . newline newline newline but it did nt make sense . i thought about it , and i thought hard . like i said , i still do nt know how i was able to just bring it to head , but i could . and despite the numbers floating through my mind simply reading  december 19th , 2030  , nothing had happened . interestingly , the cause of death is not determined , just the time and date . so for some people they d simply off themselves on the day . others would get themselves all tucked and cozy in their beds and then simply die in their sleep inexplicably . others were not so lucky , getting shot by gang members or hit by maglev trains on their daily commute . newline newline newline i personally had already fulfilled what i wanted for the day , and was planning to end my life simply with a beretta m9 . i had a nice plate of fugu sashimi . a bit of a risk but hey , if i was gon na die today , might as well go for it . i had watched a nice movie , finished a good read , chatted with some of my friends before saying goodbye , for the last time . of course , they did nt know , but they d understand when they saw the news . i never liked talking to people about when i was gon na die , so i mainly just kept it to myself . but regardless , i was still boggled . newline newline newline the day ended , and december 20th dawned . it must be a fluke . surely it had to have been , right ? but it could nt have . as long as i could conceive what the number meant , i knew that it was december 19th , 2030 . even had the time , at 11:19 pm . it felt like an eon since that time had passed when in reality it had only been 41 minutes . and so i got ready for the next day of work . what was i to even do ? i could nt just stop . surely if the clock did nt read right then there was something else , there had to be . but i tried to push it to the back of my mind , and put on a smile for everyone . go through my daily routines and rituals , talk with my girlfriend , and the other various daily deeds . newline newline newline but as the days passed i could nt stop thinking about it . i stayed up late trying to fathom it , i worked across the day on my writings about it . study after study , i ended up getting careless . it was showing on me , my disheveled look and bloodshot , baggy eyes . people were concerned that my time  was finally coming , but i simply shook my head and said  trust me , it ca nt be coming  .  after all , i should ve already died , right ? maybe i was a spirit , having some kind of crazy hallucination of still being alive when in reality nobody could see or hear me . newline newline newline my confliction with the subject got worse and worse . soon my job was on the line because of my obsession over the conflict , my girlfriend worried about me . we had taken a break from the relationship , but how was that supposed to help ? all it did was make me crave the goldenmalt drink of a good beer , enough to preferably send me into a deep , catatonic state at least once a week . but what did it matter ? i had died , i had to of died . family stopped calling , mail stopped delivering . people thought that i was dying , but i was nt . newline newline newline my whole life was nt even to the point of living anymore , i just wanted to desperately understand . i wanted to tell everybody that i was fine , that i could nt possibly be dying . my bed was nt my bed , the stool in front of the kitchen table was , where i drank and drank , wrote and wrote . at some point i did nt have any lead left , and just scratched across the papers with an invisible bit of graphite . and in those faint , winking hours of the morning , from days to weeks , months to years , i could see myself getting older , weaker . but i was nt dying . newline newline i searched my soul deep inside , to find a pit . an empty spot where i had once been alive . my state on the surface was a wreck , a shambling mess of existence . but it was alive . it walked , it breathed and talked . wrote , read , drank , cried . but the reality was , deep inside my blackened soul , i was already dead .i go around , around and around . the night is warm and shows no sign of letting up soon , but i ve awoken anyway . another lap around the area , and i finally pause , searching quietly for food , finding nothing in the midst of the native , neoncolored flora , dimmed by the darkness . newline newline when i was younger , there was often light . i would wake up to brightness , blinding for a moment until my eyes could adjust . the sounds , oh the sounds  i still hear them in my memories , sometimes , their intensity and pure joy . i would dance in the light , dance to the sounds , and dance for the gods . they would smile upon me , and i would often find food after i performed . i pleased them , and in their benevolence i was blessed . if others of my species came near my territory , i would do my best to selfishly scare them away , wanting to keep the gods  favor for myself  i wish i had nt , as it s so terribly lonely in the darkness . newline newline as time passed , i noticed that the light would come less and less . there were fewer smiles , and it seemed as though many of the gods had forgotten me , leaving one who did nt care about me as much as she had before . i would move for her , finally resigning myself to using the hours of daylight to simply searching for her attention once more . the night grew even longer , seeming to last for days , and food became scarce . i could hear the noises , but where they were once so joyful , they had become flatter and farther away . newline newline it s almost always night , now . the heat , once released during the daylight , has become unbearable . the waterfalls , once a place to frolic with glee , are now sometimes painful . sometimes , i get a few hours of brightness to dance for my god , though i think she turns from me almost as soon as she looks . it s not hard to ignore me , for i am small and i m sure they have greater things to which they must attend , but what i would nt give for them to just prove to me that i mean something . newline newline quietly , i sink to the ground , past the native plants that swallow me whole . perhaps i can sleep , and gain a reprieve from this hell i once called paradise . perhaps i can dream of those days again ... newline newline  newline newline the girl picked up the blanket covering her fish tank , waiting for the colorful betta to dance in front of her again . the water quietly cascaded from the filter as she stood there for a moment , which stretched into minutes . newline newline  mom ? have you seen my fish ?  newline newline  no . why would i ? he s your responsibility .  the girl shrugged , peering through the glass once more . finally , she saw the red of his body , resting in the silk plants she had bought and smiled , opening the lid to sprinkle food . newline newline he did nt come for it . he did nt dance for her , and it only took a second for her mind to reach the logical conclusion . grabbing the net from next to his tank , she reached in , catching him with ease . his eye , silvery with the taint of death , stared at her accusingly . newline newline her mom found her a few minutes later , emptying the tank . newline newline  got too busy , i take it ?  newline newline  yeah ,  the girl replied , her expression rather solemn . her mom smiled , sympathetically amused , before stepping into her daughter s room . newline newline  do nt worry about it . it was just a fish .  newline newline  yeah , you re right . just a fish . okay , the train just passed , one one thousand , two one thousand , three one thousand , and turn . squint , eyes go wide , jaw drops , reach it into back pocket , and kneel . newline newline  oh my gosh you are the most wonderful woman i  ve ever seen in my whole life , will you marry me ?  she steps back and covers her face in shock . now quick lunge forward to grab her dangling hand and pull her away from the on coming cab . newline newline  i  m sorry.  i stand up and quickly release her hand and back peddle .  i didn  t mean to scare you so badly , it  s just i couldn  t risk the chance of you getting away .  newline newline  how , how , what.  she stammers . i put the ring back into my pocket . newline newline  it  s okay , i understand , this is too much . i should go.  i turn and take three steps away , and then pause and drooped my head . it had taken a dozen cycles to figure out it was exactly three steps that would do it . newline newline  wait.  she calls , running up and taking my hand .  it  s okay . i just.  she fumbles . i look at her eyes with an expression of hope and fear that i had spent two whole cycles perfecting in a mirror . newline newline  why did you have an engagement ring in your back pocket ?  the first time she asked this i had went with  just in case i see something as rare as you  . that had gotten me a few oohs and ahhs , but hadn  t gone anywhere . next i had tried some practical excuse about selling an old family heirloom . that had almost earned me a slap for selling an engagement ring . this time i decided to try . newline newline  because i was going to propose to the woman i love , and i didn  t expect to run into the woman of my dreams.  her knees buckled and i had to lunge forward to catch her again . three hours later we were saying our vows in front of a justice of the peace . newline newline some people would spend an eternity doing depraved acts , or earning lots of money , or possibly traveling . me , i wanted to marry every girl in the world . newline newline edit : spelling and grammar there has been a thread on that recently , so let me repost my submisison :  newline newline  i dont know a lot about us politics , but i will try , because i love this idea  newline newline i never wanted to be president but ended in that role . i was vice president and liked that role without any responsibilities . sure , there was a chance that i would get to be president but that chance was minor . president chelsea clinton was alive and well and as such , i could enjoy my life without any major responsibility as the minority candidate who got the place on the ticket because it was pleasing for donors . i could work on my golf handicap , and on building and consuming my wine collection . sure , they called me a democratic palin , but i was okay with that . i never became vice president to make friends . newline newline then the president was killed by a muslim terrorist . i knew what this meant : they would seriously want me to take over the presidential role . urgh ! i wanted to become vice president exactly because i wanted others to do the work for me . as such , i decided to get thrown out of the position in style . to get impeached . sounds crazy , but look at presidents : they all develop grey hair over the course of being in office and i like mine short and black . newline newline my first reaction was to address the public and not to send a message of hate and revenge but one of friendship with the muslims and forgiveness . they killed jesus for that , surely they would throw me out for this . they did nt , funnily enough . sure , fox news demanded it , but the fricking shah came to my rescue . as a result of my  courageous approach  , the iran started to normalize relations with the usa . resolving something that the media had blown out of proportion to be a horrible threat moved my approval rating . unfortunately into the wrong direction . i would have to work harder . newline newline so i had to actually research how to gracefully get thrown out . i thought faking mental illness must be a good idea . as such , i began to sanitize the entire oval office , that was when i noticed the weird plastic shapes which were hidden . i ripped them out and went on to report them to the secret service . i was assured that these were just normal , they were something housekeeping installs to keep the room easier to clean  theyare stuffed into hard to clean places to prevent dust from accumulating there  . on the next morning , i saw them there again . again , i cleaned and removed them . removing perfectly acceptable and even useful objects day after day must seem crazy . especially as i stomped onto them violently . later that day , when they believed me out of earshot , i heard people wonder about my emotional state , which was just what i needed . but then , in the next sentence , that person mentioned that  that idiot siqang trampled every bug we placed in the oval office . if we know that he was insane , but there is no indication of him developping ocd !  newline newline now , no one calls me an idiot and gets away with it . ai nt gon na happen . i ran to that person  an intern  and slapped him , once , twice , three times , he tried to react and his accomplice wanted a piece of the action as well , and soon it turned into a fullon brawl . now , i have a history of bar fights , but i am a much worse fighter when sober , still , i kept at it until people had to drag us away from each other . the next day , the attempt to become president ocd backfired and instead i became the president who beat up a two russian spies himself with his bare hands and discovered a conspiracy up to the highest levels of the secret service . heads literally rolled for this one as treason is one of the things there is capital punishment for on federal level . i kept the ocd habits up and dialed them up some more , but now , everyone deemed them justified and no one complained even if i repeated an action several times until it  felt good  . newline newline the next step towards impeachment was drug politics . it seemed to be one of the things everyone but the worst anarchists can agree one : drugs are bad , k ? as such , i legalized every single drug on the list of controlled substances by an executive order . to get the hippietypes off my approval rating , i argued that god had given us every plant on earth to use and not being able to follow this law was religious discrimination which i was eager to remove . i had forgotten about the postmillenials and millenials , who pretty much logged out of politics completely and generally disapproved every government agency . the amount of disaffected young people i brought onto my side with that measure was so high , that my approval rating actually rose . newline newline i realized that if i really wanted to be unpopular , i had to do something else . i thought of doing a bill clinton , but as a staunch asexual , who is quite disgusted by the act of reproduction , i just could nt get myself to . and that one time i tried to make a dubya by intentionally confusing slovenia and slovakia in a speech , i later found out that my speechwriter had confused them . i even tried to intentionally offend foreign heads of state , but it turned out that trkmenbashi understood the intended insult as a highbrow reference to turkmenistani literature . i decided to start a war . against mali . not out of any particular interest in the malinese , but because such a war would seem particularly pointless and would hopefully not cost too many american lives  i am a slacker , not a psychopath , you know  . it worked in bringing my approval rating down and making people question my sanity . that was until proof was found that there actually had been a malinese program to develop chemical weapons . it seemed as if that little country had an urge for the sea and very little respect for human life . people started to compare me to the founding fathers in regards to popularity . i had to do something and quickly so . newline newline i woke up from unsteady dreams when i had the idea which would hopefully get me impeached . so far , i tried to get the people against me . stupid me . i should have realized that in the usa , the people hold the least amount of power , the corporations and churches do . as such , the first thing i did was completely refuse to answer the question of any foreignowned media personnel . no reporter from any of the major tv stations , radio stations or newspapers  or whatever was left of them  got any info from me or my staff . that must get them to hate me and make the population hate me . i thought nothing could go wrong with that . well , i underestimated how much people were distanced from the mainstream media these days , they watched it , but did nt trust it . and so despite them making a storm about that , the population deemed me patriotic . urgh ! at least i could get big business against me . i stopped the next round of bailouts  they come as regular as tax season these days  via presidential veto . i called the companies relying on them needy welfare mamas and explained that if they do nt know how to run a business they should nt . the mainstream media got angry , but many people supported the decision ... that was until their own jobs failed . i loved the lowering approval ratings for the next months . until they suddenly started rising . as it turns out , the economy is more resilient than people would think . small banks jumped into the place of tha megabanks . people lost their savings , but also their debts and as such often could start anew . small businesses started up , of course many around drugs , but also weird hitech startups . when companies tanked , people who had been working on products and ignore some clever ideas they had , now started their own businesses . it was amazing what ideas people came up with when no people in suits stared down their necks . which ideas people always wanted to implement . people stated not to bailout would stifle the economy for decades , they did nt realize how much these large companies had stiffled it beforehand . within months , a precarious new econmy was rising from the ruins , and soon , the approval ratings did as well . yikes ! did nt anyone realize that i was not willing to do this job ? newline newline a televangelist found my personal email address , not the one my secretaries look at but the one which actually belongs to me . he urged me to veto certain laws which would ... well , if you cut through the yaddayadda , it would hurt his bottom line . i thought this was at least something to make me really unpopular and really fast . so i replied :  why should i listen to the advice of someone who is notorious for fucking boys ? zork it !  turned out that the insult i just invented was the truth . oops . he left the ministry for personal reasons and that struck enough fear into fellow televangelists , that they changed their rhethoric to the parts of the bible which talk about obeying your rulers . newline newline i tried to tell my party that there were personal reasons that meant that i would prefer not to run for a new term . it took implying that i had cancer to get them to understand it . they found a replacement candidate who was nt some stupid slacker like me . they did the campaign song and dance . i knew that there were ballot initiatives to reelect me , but i did nt care about them . i knew that they had no chance to win by any means . i mean , who the fuck votes for an indeppendent candidate ? i spent election day sleeping , drinking wine and eating , being cheerfull that i could soon do this all the time ... that was until i heard that the ballot initiatives had not only succeeded , but with overwhelming majority . yikes ! it seems that there is still more work to do . newline newline  btw :  here   https : www.reddit.comrwritingpromptscomments2y8p86ip100approval  is the thread.. i had been trekking from one end of the island to the other for almost four hours before i found it . while walking around due to sheer desperation , i stumbled over a rock and , in my frustration , kicked it off the side of the path . it tumbled down the small grassy slope lining the edge of the trail and came to rest on a previously unnoticed , wellkept path . newline newline i was a bit bored anyways , so i decided to explore the trail , sitting down and scooting to it . newline newline after sliding to the bottom and kicking up some dust in the process , i jumped up and dusted off my pants , proceeding along the trail . newline newline the trail went for quite a while , and i could nt help but notice again how well kept it was . all of the sandlike gravel was spread across the ground in a way that could nt have been natural ... newline newline as i continued along the trail , i found a stray sock lying by the edge of the path , seemingly buried in the organized gravel . newline newline  hmmm ... is there someone else here ?  newline newline excitedly , i sped up to a brisk jog and continued following the path . as i kept running , i started noticing more random items scattered around the path . each jacket , sock , and assorted piece of junk seemed to be incorporated into the mystically organized packing of gravel . newline newline more and more items lined the path as i ran until eventually the entire path was littered with junk  pencils , lots of pens , clothes , and tons of erasers . i must have been a bit dehydrated too , since some items even looked a bit familiar . i was getting an unsettling sense of deja vu . newline newline finally , just as i was beginning to tire , i arrived at what seemed to be the end of the path . what lay beyond was covered in a thick veil of overhanging vines . newline newline my feet crunched on plastic wrappers and pens as i moved my hand up to brush aside the thick green bands of leaves ... and what i saw ... newline newline well , now i know the truth . that island somehow had on it every single item i have ever lost ... all on one island ! i know this now , since what i saw behind those vines was ... my will to live .bodies were everywhere , his personal staff , young men surrounded by pools of blood from the bullet wounds , one man even looked like he was burned badly before he died having burn marks all over his arms and neck . there i found him clutching a book with a hole directly between his eyes . i still can not believe he took the satisfaction from us so close ! i flipped through the pages of the blood covered book wondering what it was that the scumbag had to cherish before he took his life like a coward . i began to read : newline ... that this is what the world needs ? who are these spies and how are they infiltrating my personal guard ? just yesterday as i was riding back to the capital , i noticed something was off about my driver who had such an interesting metal bracelet hanging on his left wrist . all i could make out were numbers that seemed to glow as if made of light . no sooner did we reach the capital when the driver turned the wheel sharply to send us into the wall preventing the car from careening down into the waters below ! thankfully the wall stopped the vehicle but was clearly damaged . just as i was regaining my wits , i noticed the vehicle was backing up as if to align itself for another go at the damaged wall of the bridge . i threw open the door as the force from acceleration threw me off balance . i leaped from the car just in time as i rolled forcefully into the bottom of the retaining wall and the car fell crashing and quickly sinking to the bottom of the river . the trucks behind us practically ran me over trying to protect me from any other assassination attempts . i ordered the captain closest me to find the driver that tried moments earlier attempted to kill me . later , when i inspected the body i noticed there were hundreds of what looked like burn marks covering the young man s body . doctors told me those marks are similar to marks caused by strikes of lightning . there was no doubting it , the bracelet the man was wearing glowed yellow numbers and had the initials g.b.p.s . stamped onto the back . i fear that i will no longer be able to avoid these attacks . in an attempt to protect myself i will resort to my bunker that is impenetrable . there i will be safe to carry on this war ! i got ta find a way to get inside the institute .  newline newline  dude , just build the teleportation device . let s look for circuitry .  newline newline  come on . let s go talk to virgil . maybe he can help .  newline newline  in the glowing sea ? again ? i do nt have a power suit like you .  newline newline  come on ! it ll be fun !  newline newline newline  newline newline newline newline  death claw ! death claw ! death  oh jesus , it s a radscorpion now .  newline newline  come on , we re falling behind !  newline newline  it s not this way ! all virgil wants is the serum , he s not going to help with the  ok , you re going already . you newline never listen to me . god damn it , you idiot .  newline newline newline newline  newline newline newline newline  i think we re lost .  newline newline  no shit we re lost . i told you , all we need to do is get fucking circuitry and build the damned   newline newline  maybe we need to talk to the railroad people .  newline newline  dude , the railroad people want to get inside the institute as much as us , they wo nt help .  newline newline  yeah , that s it . let s go to the railroad .  newline newline  god , i hate you .  newline newline newline newline  newline newline newline newline  maybe the minutemen ?  newline newline  yes ! we can build the teleportation device from sanctuary with them ! finally , you re thinking .  newline newline  nah . they wo nt help . i think i ll try going to the castle . maybe i missed something there .  newline newline  do you have any idea how much i hate you right now ?  newline newline  check that over there !  newline newline  no . i do nt want to .  newline newline  who s a good boy ?  newline newline  fuck you .  newline newline newline newline  newline newline newline newline   hey , you think dogmeat is doing all right in america ?   newline newline   you kidding , man ? he s an animagus . he ll be fine .   newline newlinesomewhere , deep down , i knew it . newline newline i do nt know when i knew it . i think it was when the old man finally let himself cry and told me about back then , how the bombs fell , how i had a sister , a mother , family , fresh food , an actual life  . i walked out that night , because i do nt know what a thirteenyear or whatever age i was back then is supposed to do when a man like that curls up and sobs . he said he d rather shoot himself then let me see that . newline newline i had a gut feeling . maybe i had it earlier , when some buzzing thing was flying in the air , and i ran because i thought it was some new animal come to rip us . the old man said nothing then , and the next day , and then it was back to normal . he knew then , but held it in , until it burst . i d like to think he thought i could handle myself . newline newline but i knew . and the man in front of us , with his gentle sneer and nice black clothes , knows too . newline newline  i m sorry .  newline newline derek has nothing to say this , just stands and stares and i m almost impressed . never been able to shut him up . jackson makes a move to put a hand on his shoulder , and it does nt get shoved away . newline newline i take a glance at kate , she s staring at him like she froze in the cold times , and i do nt know what s whirring in her head . the man takes our silence as acceptance . newline newline  the bombs did nt cause the damage we thought they would . only half of the country suffered the complete devastation and mutations that were expected . but we could nt do anything then , just watch .  newline newline  and kept watching .  there s her voice . newline newline he shrugs ,  we wanted to observe people in this situation , in case it happens again . the information we gained will be archived and passed down . if they attack again , we ll know what to do .  he checks a metal thing from his pocket , and looks up at us ,  extraction will be performed in three days . meet us here .  newline newline  why d you stop ?  that was me . they wanted to know why they did it , but those questions do nt matter . you know why something wants you dead , but when it stops hunting all of sudden , then you need to wonder . newline newline another shrug ,  we have the resources now , and people were complaining .  the way he says it tells me everything .  now ,  he turns for the wheeled machine he came in ,  i ll be go  newline newline kate and i are in sync . but i m faster . the knife goes deep into his throat . he does nt twitch much . newline newline we stood and listened , some of those things could smell fresh blood . after a minute , we looked at each other . derek was talking now ,  so , now what ?  newline newline  we send a message .  i do nt like the bitterness in her voice , reminds me of the old man . newline newline jackson nods , and i know what s got to be done . newline newline there s a gun on the man , and derek snatches it .  we ll meet em , yeah ?  newline newline i cock my own weapon . old , but it can drop anything . newline newline they wanted survivors . we ll show them survivors newline newline    newline newline perhaps not my best , but i did it quickly , need to get back to posting on here . please comment and critique , it s always welcomed . : chandler poured himself a whisky  double  from a cut crystal decanter and slumped down into his armchair , the shadows from the vertical blinds casting moodily onto his equally moody face . as chandler downed the drink in one mouthful , he reflected on his first day on the job since the incident  . newline newline chandler entered the building purporting to belong to the mcdonald s  family wrapped effortlessly in his doublebreasted overcoat and suede trilby . he thought he was working for a detective agency which had opened during his time away from the business . he was sorely mistaken . newline newline an acned teenaged boy greeted him at the automatic doors and asked in a voice which was falsetto one word , baritone the next : newline are you mr chandler  newline newline why i am young man , this job is my calling . i am here to take care of business .  newline newline oh , great  , said the oily juvenile then you will be able to clean up the sick in the bathroom  . this is a huge problem .  newline newline  you re telling me .  i replied .  i mean , this is good news for the christians i suppose but nearly everyone else is in an uproar . and apparently a fair number of the christians are nt on board  aliens were nt exactly mentioned in the bible .  newline newline  it s worse than that .  jenkins had been my aide for a while and i knew from experience that he did nt exaggerate . newline newline  go on .  i said . newline newline he gestured behind him , where someone in what appeared to be a cardinal s uniform had been waiting . the man stepped forward . newline newline  this is cardinal timothy dolan , archbishop of new york .  jenkins introduced . newline newline dolan noded . newline newline  have a seat  , i said , gesturing to the other side of the desk . newline newline dolan took his time sitting down and then started talking .  your aide mentioned that you re already aware of the claims of our ... visitors ?  newline newline i nodded .  i take it the church has a position on this ?  newline newline  not one we are comfortable sharing openly , i m afraid .  he said .  it s quite a bit more complicated than it would seem .  newline newline  no doubt . i suppose you have access to less ... canonical documents that may shed some light on this development ?  newline newline he shook his head .  that is not the issue , as it happens . it s the specific claims of the visitors that are problematic .  newline newline i gestured for him to continue . newline newline  they say that , two thousand and fifteen years previous , they saw a star appear in the sky that , through various other calculations , lead them here . obviously this was not our star  the bible is rather specific about the sun existing prior to two millennia ago .  newline newline  the lightspeed delay alone would rule out that possibility .  jenkins said .  it was almost certainly another star , one we have nt yet seen because of the distance between earth and where the visitors claim their guidestar was .  newline newline  our visitors ,  i added ,  have nt gone into specific details as to how that star led them here .  newline newline  nor ,  dolan said ,  do i believe that they will . there is an additional problem with the timing of their claims . how much do you know about the calendar ?  newline newline i shrugged .  365 days a year , 12 months , that sort of thing . you re likely talking about something more involved .  newline newline he nodded .  i speak of the history of the calendar . the year 2015 a.d. represents twothousand and fifteen years since the birth of christ .  newline newline  right ,  i said ,  thus why many christians believe that the visitors are validating their beliefs  they saw the same star as is said to appear when christ was born .  newline newline  though , for the same lightspeed reasons we were discussing earlier , it could not be the same star .  jenkins added . i already knew much of what he was saying , so in all likelihood this was for the cardinal s consideration . newline newline cardinal dolan waved away the objection .  we are discussing a sign placed by an omnipotent being  the speed of light is not necessarily a consideration , it would be trivial for such a signal to appear simultaneously . i do not know your faith , gentlemen , but you need not be believers yourselves . all you need to believe is that many people are , and they will approach the situation with that faith in mind .  newline newline  notions of simultaneously  tend to break down over the sort of relativistic distances we re discussing .  jenkins said , making it clear where he stood on the topic .  but i understand your meaning .  newline newline the cardinal took this as a signal to continue .  so there is no theological problem with the idea that other beings saw the same sign as the wise men did , that they are drawn to the birthplace of christ . none of that is our objection . our objection is in the timing . the visitors have been very specific : two thousand fifteen orbits of our earth around its sun exactly .  newline newline  they did nt make a mistake .  jenkins added , this apparently for my benefit .  if they d miscalculated our orbital period they would nt have been able to intercept the planet the way they did . they would have appeared in an entirely different place .  newline newline  it s not quite christmas yet  i said .  but it s fairly close . i do nt see missing the target by a week as being a huge issue .  newline newline dolan frowned .  and now we come to the crux of the issue , so to speak . our organization , as you might imagine , is quite interested all facets of our lord s time on this earth . among those , his birth . while there are conflicting reports and no difinitive answers , we are fairly certain that christ was not born in december .  newline newline  september or october is more likely .  jenkins added . cardinal dolan nodded  i could only assume they d spoken to each other to prepare for this meeting . newline newline  okay .  i said .  but still , a few months is nothing to get worked up about .  newline newline  those same errors in history , renumbering of years , various other problems , lead us to the year we have today .  the cardinal said , returning to the topic of calendars .  it is not an accurate representation of the time that has passed .  newline newline i began to see where he was going with this .  how much time has passed , cardinal ?  newline newline  we can more accurately place the year of birth , due to the timing of eclipses mentioned in the holy text . by our best estimations , christ was born two thousand and twenty years ago .  newline newline  five years before the visitors claimed to see the star .  i said . newline newline  indeed .  newline newline  this is nt common knowledge ,  jenkins added .  but it s not exactly hidden , either . a few google searches confirms all of this .  newline newline  it is good to know ,  dolan said , smiling slightly ,  that one s lifetime of research can be encompassed by a few keyboard strokes .  newline newline i knew what jenkins was saying .  the aliens spoke our language .  i said .  they knew everything about us when they appeared  they did nt need any sort of explanation for anything .  i paused .  they had to know about the date thing .  newline newline  and yet ,  dolan said ,  they appeared near christmas , the popularly believed anniversary of christ s birth . they claim 2,015 years has elapsed , the amount of time popularly believed to have elapsed .  newline newline  why have nt you gone forward with this ?  i asked . newline newline  many of the faithful  not just our particular branch , but this does include a great amount of that number  have found the visitors to be confirmation of their beliefs , vindication that they were right .  dolan replied .  we must consider carefully the ramifications of telling them otherwise .  newline newline i d already come to the conclusion that i suspected my aide and my guest had .  so these aliens , who know our culture better than possibly we do , appear and claim things that officials know is incorrect , but the populace will believe .  newline newline  there is only one thing we can conclude from this .  dolan added . newline newline i nodded .  the aliens are lying . and while we do nt know why we do know how . and it does nt mean anything good for us .  this one right here ,  said johnson .  page 213 .  newline newline chief williams scanned the text , shaking his head in disbelief . newline newline  the kit kat jingle ? it ca nt be .  newline newline  it s a clear symbol of socialist principles . the phrase give me a break ,  doubles as the slogan of a disgruntled labor union . see here , how it repeats throughout the jingle ? it s almost chantlike . and the theme of sharing , which is reflected in the very design of the candy bar itself , echoes the brand s socialist message . but that s not all . the jingle is a rallying cry , an attempt to incite a proletariat uprising . it urges its listeners to break  the bonds of feudalism , to tear the capitalist system into pieces .   johnson shook the notebook furiously .  this is nothing less than treason .  newline newline williams contemplated .  i guess you re right , johnson . i ll notify the others . meanwhile , did you find anything else suspicious ?  newline newline  yes sir ,  johnson nodded .  the meow mix jingle .  newlinethe heat from the dryers and the damp from the washers had turned soopersuds into a hot house . the doors were open but there was no breeze , just heat bubbling off the hoods of crappy mondeos and empty parking spaces . hammy was in the back , probably smoking all of my pot while i gave mrs. archuleta a refund . she was wailing at me in spanish and pointing at the cloudy , waterfilled drum of the number sixteen washer while her granddaughter fished socks out of the murk . bitch breaks more washing machines , i swear . newline newline  excuse me.  newline newline he had a pinched look to him , like he had a shitload of scotch tape somewhere at the back of his skull holding back his skin . it  s a look i  d come to associate with aging actresses on tv , a look that was not all together human . he stared down at me with pinched lips and eyes that . . . well , it was like he had to tell himself to blink . blink . blinkblink . blink . newline newline at the time , i figured he was probably from houston . newline newline  your sign is not correct ,  he said . newline newline  what ?  newline newline his jaw worked .   sooper  is not a word.  newline newline oh christ , one of these guys .  well yeah , but it  s like a gimmick , right ? i mean , you  re not supposed to take it seriously.  pinched in his long , thin hands was a piece of paper i recognized  i  d taped them up about two hours earlier . it read : newline newline our bulk dryers arent in order !  sorry  for the inconvenience !  newline newline  and this.  he tapped the paper smartly .  there should be an apostrophe in  aren  t  . and when you enclose  sorry  in quotation marks it sounds like you  re being sarcastic.  newline newline  maybe that was the point.  he just looked at me . blink . blinkblinkblink . i rubbed my forehead .  i work in a fucking laundromat , okay ? we have one shitty computer , which is like a windows 60 bc , and the printer doesn  t work half the time . so when i make up a sign , i  m not exactly going to like , i don  t know  newline newline  read it ?  newline newline  whatever dude ,  i muttered as i turned away .  fucking grammar nazi  s.  newline newline  grammar nazis.  and by then his voice had changed , and the humid room suddenly seemed cold . mrs. archuleta started screaming across the room . something wet slithered around my throat .  i could hear that possessive , young man . grammar nazis . nazis !  it started several months ago . there were reports , unsubstantiated of course , of strange intruders , brutal attacks and invisible men . when it first visited you , your hair stood on end a millisecond before it spoke . your hand reaching for the gun you kept under your coat and quickly disarmed . it told of horrors unimaginable to the average mind , and things it had done . you were nt sure it was man , that it could even be human . newline the visits kept on for those months , and the papers reported on its exploits . it was nt always at work that you were visited . sometimes it was at home . it never bothered with your wife , or children . they would nt understand anyway , and you wanted to keep it like that . how could they understand the deeds it had been compelled to do ? newline now , as you sit at your desk , back still foolishly to the window , the blinds gently rustle . you feel no more surge of adrenaline and no instinctual twitch towards your service weapon . you simply get up , lock the door and wait . it speaks , in the low , rumbling voice you ve grown accustomed to . newline  good evening , gordon . it s been a very busy week . it was part of a car accident . tahts what we were told . three car pile up on a country road . four doa with seven in route . newline newline the icu was getting ready when the first one arrived . female , 56  , 170lbs , hypotension with no stomach sounds . an ultrasound was used to scan for blockage and she was rushed to the or to untwist her organs . newline newline next was a male , 61  , 230lbs , grade two concussion with spiral compund fracture of the left fibula and tibula and possible upper thoracic spinal damage . he looked embarrassed , copy almost . newline newline  you can remove them .  he offered .  the bones . they ll grow back .  newline newline newline tbceveryone has a story inside them . it  s human nature to be a storyteller . i am a collector of stories , but i  m also a narrator . sometimes the stories give my own life meaning . newline newline here comes the man in the parka  8:04 on the dot , just like always . walking into battle at his desk job for another grueling shift . he takes long strides with a coffee in his hand . his eyes are always downcast as if he can  t believe that he  s still working the same job for the same pay . it  s friday , but he  s past the point of getting excited for the weekend . newline newline ah , behind him is a more electric soul . her head bobs from side to side as she dances along with her music  something funky and upbeat , undoubtedly . she works in a resale shop and makes just enough to scrape by . her boyfriend is an artist , if you want to be liberal with that word . their small apartment walls are lined with canvases and polaroid pictures . newline newline a couple of joggers come down the path . they are running at a pretty good pace with a dog by their side . both are wearing these funny red tracksuits . they live in an apartment that overlooks the city , and buy their meat from whole foods . both are impeccably fit as they glide past my bench . newline newline as i follow them down the path i see a stranger site . a man is approaching with a large object under his arm . he  s moving to his new apartment that  s just across the park . his girlfriend recently broke his heart , so he needs to move his things back . my eyes follow him , but as he nears my bench i look towards the ground . i never make it too obvious when i imagine these stories . for a moment i take a glance at what  s under his arm . newline newline what i see is almost too much to handle . i see a man framed , looking deeply into my eyes . green eyes the color of damp moss . his face is painted with a smile that could convince most passersby , but his eyes reveal a different story . there is a sorrow that grows deep inside . my head is buzzing with stories , but few of them are ready to share . the man inside of the mirror will have to wait to have his story told another day . newlinea thousand cameras followed the alien saucer as it dropped smoothly out of the sky , down towards the front lawn in front of the white house . newline newline frowning , i hefted the silver flask in my hand . i usually made more of an attempt to keep the flask hidden from arthur , my producer standing just behind charlie the cameraman , but i could nt manage to exert the effort tonight . newline newline after all , all of us were feeling pretty distracted . newline newline right now , the flask was nearly empty , i noted with distaste . of course , maybe that distaste was from the remaining little bits of brandy washing around my mouth . i capped the flask and stuck it back inside my suit jacket . newline newline across from me , arthur was punching charlie s shoulder , making the cameraman frown .  are you getting this ? tell me you re getting this !  my producer shouted in that annoying squeal he used when he got too excited . newline newline  yuh , boss ,  charlie grunted back .  stop hitting , you re making the camera bounce , yuh ?  newline newline admittedly , this was a hell of a momentous moment . the first ever contact with aliens was happening right now , and i was one of the reporters on ground zero . newline newline we d known that they were coming for a good week , now . the alien saucer , although not big by interstellar measurements   practically just a planet hopping ship !  one of the socalled experts had dismissed it on a crossfire program , as though he was some sort of authority on alien space ships  , was more than big enough to show up on our highpowered radar . newline newline besides , they d been thoughtful enough to broadcast a countdown clock to the time of their landing . newline newline for the last week , the whole world had been afire with conflicting theories . we were nt alone in the universe ! but were these visitors going to be friendly  or hostile ? were we about to receive incredible insights into the very fabric of the universe , or were we about to be captured , enslaved , or maybe just annihilated without a second thought ? newline newline no one knew . and given the average level of panic in the world right now , i felt that i was owed a flask s worth of brandy . newline newline little white lights around the edge of the alien flying saucer s rim twinkled as it slowed down , gently descending down to the lawn . if i was nt seeing it with my own eyes , i would have guessed that it was just cgi  and not even a good attempt at that , i thought distantly to myself . this looked like a prop straight out of an old eighties bmovie . newline newline as the saucer settled down onto the lawn , three landing struts sliding out to support it , charlie panned over to capture the international delegation standing by , trying to not look like they were about to collectively shit themselves in fear . president trump stood out in front , his ridiculous hair whipping back and forth in the night s breeze , sticking his chest out and looking utterly ridiculous . putin and a host of european leaders i did nt recognize stood slightly behind him , each wearing his own unique expression of barely repressed panic . newline newline finally , the ship had landed . the saucer had been emitting a soft ticking noise , perhaps the sound of its propulsion . this ticking ended , and for a second , there was only the sound of the breeze in my ears . newline newline from beneath the saucer , a ramp slid out , smoothly descending down to the ground . as the ramp made contact with the dirt , the alien emerged . newline newline  wish i had some better lighting ,  charlie grunted to himself from behind the camera . newline newline no one else spoke . we just stared at the alien . newline newline it was small , maybe four feet tall . it had gray skin , an oversized head , and two large , ovalshaped black eyes . it wore a singlepiece garment made of some sort of stretchy blue fabric . newline newline it looked like an utter joke . newline newline  god , maybe those eighties movie makers were onto something ,  i muttered to myself as we all stared . newline newline clearly , the president and other dignitaries had been also caught offguard by the alien s appearance . most of them just stood with their mouths hanging open , gasping and staring . newline newline the alien peered at the leaders , and then turned and surveyed the reporters and cameramen standing another pace back .  hello ? is this galactic sector zz9 plural z alpha , planet designation xf31942384 , subsol 3 ?  it asked . newline newline for a moment , i nearly burst out laughing . the thing sounded like arthur after an extra hit of helium . newline newline the president and other leaders still had nt managed to find their voices .  uh , we call it earth ,  some wag called out . newline newline that voice sounded familiar . it was nt until art gasped behind me that i realized that i d been the one to speak . newline newline the little alien glanced over at me .  earth ?  it repeated in that squeaky little voice .  and are you a representative of the dominant species ?  newline newline  uh , i guess ?  why the hell was nt anyone else speaking up ? what was going on ? it was mostly the brandy keeping me upright at this point . newline newline  great !  the alien turned and tottered over to me , holding something out .  here you are !  newline newline the little gray creature held some sort of computer disk in its hands . i took it , totally not knowing what was going on . this was the momentous first exchange of technology between us and another civilized race . this would go down in the history books . newline newline the disk in my hands looked exactly like a threeandahalf inch floppy . newline newline i saw the little alien frown as i stared down dumbly at the object .  is this not right ? we understood that this was a compatible data format ,  it stammered . i had no experience reading emotions into a squeaky little munchkin voice , but it sounded a little nervous . newline newline  um , no ,  i managed .  we ve got these .  newline newline  great ! then just post it back to us within a galactic cycle , please .  the alien turned and began to totter back towards the ramp . newline newline  wait !  the little alien glanced back , and i realized once again , a second too late , that i d opened my damn mouth . the words were already coming , however , and i could nt stop them .  what is this ? what s on this disk ?  newline newline  oh .  the alien did something that i could almost convince myself was a shrug .  galactic census survey . remember , just drop it on a rocket , and we ll pick it up . have a good cycle !  newline newline finally , as the ramp disappeared back into the saucer , the politicians and leaders of the world found their voices , all of them shouting and rushing forward , waving their arms . i could hear arthur shouting something , and people looked to be rushing towards me , their eyes locked on that disk . newline newline all i heard , however , was charlie let out a disappointed grunt .  nuh , he s gon na look totally washed out ,  the cameraman commented to himself .  shoulda brought a better filter .  i  m just a bit low on karma this month , you know i  m good for it !  newline  i  m sorry barry , but you  ve been late the past two months and you still owe me two thousand . if you don  t get me the karma by the end of the day i  m going to have to kick you out.  newline  two thousand karma ? how am i supposed to come up with that much ?  newline  i dunno barry , try some reposts maybe . i  ll be around later.  newline the large wifebeater wearing man who was my landlord left my door and walked back to his office . i considered slamming the door after him , but if there was anything that would cause some downvotes it would be a noise complaint at 9am . newline reposts ? how could my landlord even suggest that ? i may be desperate , but i wasn  t going to stoop to that low level . i booted up my laptop and started surfing reddit , looking for inspiration . i didn  t have any cute animals , so i wasn  t going to get anything from raww . in fact i didn  t even have a camera , so rpics and rvideo were out . newline i guess i  d have to stick to the textbased subreddits . i used to get a lot of karma from rshowerthoughts , but my water had been cut off last week , so that was a no go . i had no expertise in science or history , and my grasp on world politics was shaky at best . i didn  t know much of the outside world , my world was reddit . newline that  s when it hit me , raskreddit was my only hope . i tried to post a few questions , but none of them made any waves . apparently  female police officers of reddit who have participated in prostitution stings  was a far too specific question , so i took to the comment section . no matter how i tried , answering the questions with well thought out answers was not getting me anywhere , so i knew what i had to do . newline  you like that you fucking retard ?  ,  thanks obama  ,  810 with rice  . i hadn  t shitposted this hard since i was a teenager , but the people ate this shit up . as i watched the karma trickle in i knew i  d have my rent soon , but i just felt so dirty . newline newline       newline newline  click here   https : www.reddit.comrwrobbing  to see all of my short stories written for rwritingprompts , and more ! newlinethere ai nt nothing worse than looking into the bottom of a bottle and seeing it look right back . newline newline i m out of smokes , and i could go get more but i do nt have no money , less i use what i have for a bottle tomorrow . and i need a bottle tomorrow more than i need smokes tonight . wife used to tell me i m no good at money , but i got priorities . newline newline i tried to sleep , but i did nt drink enough to sleep good , and they say the booze just makes you wake up more anyway . do nt know the truth in that . but i ca nt sleep right with my thoughts since they take up too much space . too much god damn space for such little things , funny the way it works , just your brain makin  up garbage cept it s not all garbage , just you , and i m in this little shit hole , that s all it is , it s a bed and a chair , got a table with a lamp on it but the lamp ai nt got no light in it , burnt out before i ever got here . it s better that way since the wallpaper peels and i hate the sight of the roaches . newline newline too god damn small though for all these thoughts . but it s good enough , good enough to drink and smoke and think in . newline newline i do nt sleep much but i do try . think the demons might be nicer in my dreams .the blue planet is necessary for the terrackian people , its resources , atmosphere and abundance of water would make it the perfect place for a colony .  newline newline that is what they told us . the first months the skies filled with the pop of hyper space engines , coloring the skies in trails of blue and green . the people cheered , praising the expansion as a second life for us in the stars . newline newline we watched for news everyday . people where astonished when we learned the blue planet had life , intelligent life at that . we all fantazied about meeting exotic aliens , learnig their culture , learnig to live with them in our colonies . newline newline then during a live broadcast our ship fired at them . they swore it was an accident but there was massive speculation that the xenophobic military did it on purpose . newline newline at first we thought the aliens would all be killed , the news was filled with blasts on the planet , decimating their gray cities . but one day , during coverage of a protest calling for peace , a report interrupted us , the aliens retaliated , a large blast destroyed several of our ships , millions of lives gone . newline newline now we can see the alien ships entering our solar system , the military is all but destroyed . we tried to communicate , but they dont seem to understand us . those who called for peace , now beg for mercy . newlinethis wp made me laugh so i will try and do it some small measure of justice . newline newline  aaannnddd here we go !  al stated with excitement .  all the important members of the class of 2015 are here we are looking forward to some excitement and quite a few surprises up here in the booth . the kegs are cold and the host seems to have the plastic cups and snacks well in hand.  newline newline  well , i got ta tell you . i have seen my fair share of parties , heh . but this one looks like it is going down in the books !  madden exclaimed while grabbing the stylus .  if you look here around this table you can see he has nachos , pretzels , chex mix , and hey ! look at that ! he even got those little tiny sausage weeny things ! this is one helluva set up . i am looking forward to this al.  newline newline  as you can see this party is filling up nicely for this evening  s event . there is a solid mix of young available ladies and a good mix of douche bags and potential virgin  s looking to score big tonight . but i have to say . all the excitement this week as been on young jerry  two time  mackenzie . his text game and skype chats have been quite impressive as of late.  newline newline  you know you just have to have a good text game these days or you will never even get close to the skype or kik area of the field . you really have to go hard on the emoji  s too if you want to score in this league . heh  madden said . newline newline  you know john , in addition to two time mackenzie , there has been quiet rumors about a potential upset from this new kid from new mexico , juan  don  t call me juan  gonzales . he has been bringing a strong latin flavor to the quad since february and i believe he is already 11 this season.  al added . newline newline  i can appreciate the latin offense al . they come wild with words you barely understand but with the added eyebrow raises and the thick teen mustaches . you have a serious offense to contend with there and if these young douche bags and virgins aren  t careful they may wind up running up and down their own field ya know ! . heh.  madden chuckled . newline newline  what is this ! ? we just got word up in the booth here that the colby high school leading scorer has just returned early for his summer visitation with his father a whole week early ! if this is true john we really have a tough call tonight . we all watched last year at the masterful performance of gary  side show  caprese put on . combining text , email , video chat and actual personal conversation to dominate the colby high school trim game.  al remarked with enthusiasm . newline newline  i keep telling all these young players . you have to keep up with actual face to face skills ! you have to get on down there in the dirt and mud and go up and actual talk to a girl if you want to get that extra advantage ! if you are out to pillage some nana in this league you have to be willing to fail on a couple wildabeasts . that  s what i say anyways.  john stated .  hey ! look over there al is that guy burning all those delicious burgers and hot dogs ? what a tragedy ! i could have easily put down a dozen or so of those tasty brauts.  newline newline  it does appear that way john . although we are here to witness this years  summer final . i am sure those would have been delicious but oh my ! look who just walked in john . meghan  got dam  jones is here ! this is really shaping up to be spectacular event this year . if you add in kennedy  finger cuff  johnson , heather  brooke  rawlings , and the ever so memorable paige  deuce and a quarter  dugan , you can see this has all the makings of a championship match right here . the stage is set here folks . we are all ready and primed to see this spectacular display of failures and hopefully masterful examples of game being laid down . who will take this year  s crown ? will it be the upstart jerry ? could the mysterious latin lover pull it out or is it the defending champion  s time to repeat ? we will be back after these scheduled messages.  al finished as the broadcast cut to commercial .  really john ? we are here to provide play by play on a young man  s attempt to get poon and you keep bringing up food ?  newline newline nomnomnom .  sorry al  madden replied pulling two chicken wings from his mouth .  you know i get hungry looking at all that food.  newline newline  aaaand we are back !  al said with a crescendo .  and none too soon i might add john . things have really been heating up around the spa , the fire pit and the beer pong table . we can see jerry  two time  really making progress with an unnamed free agent out of the junior class in the spa . while juan  don  t call me juan  has paige  duece and quarter  firmly riveted by his mariachi style singing around the fire pit . oh ! look at that john ! gary  side show  caprese is dominating all opponents on the beer pong front . you can see the amazement of  finger cuff  and  brooke  from here . side show is definitely looking like the favorite at this point.  newline newline  well , look here though al.  madden exclaimed picking up the stylus once more .  you can actually see where gary is putting a little spin on the ping pong ball at the end there and it may be giving him some success now . it will cost him later though . if you look at this cup here , and this one over here , you can see where his throws will miss in the end . trust me when i tell you this young man is in for some disappointment . heh . nothing worse than losing a game a beer pong with two young tenders ready to serve it up on their own . heh  newline newline  would you look at that john ! juan  don  t call me juan  just lit up a joint of mexican bammer weed ! he is clearly trying to push his latin offense to new heights ! but will  duece and quarter  fall for the feint ? can she be misdirected with his eyebrow waggling and speedy talk to hit that j ? wow . this is really heating up . let  s check in on the sidelines now with tony at the spa . tony ?  newline newline  hey al and john . goose here checking in from the sidelines at the spa . jerry  two time  is making steady progress with the yet unnamed junior classman . but our sources here have been able to positively identify her as none other than julia  keep it on the low  caprese ! can you believe it ? apparently she decided to stay with her father in the divorce while gary  side show  chose to go with their mom . this whole time she was been keeping it on the low ! get it ? huh ? low ? huh . but this is an amazing turn around for young jerry  two time  if he can pull it off . back to you al . hey ! nerd ! yah you bring me some more chex mix ! .  newline newline  did he say chex mix ? do we have any of that up here al ?  madden asked . newline newline  no john sorry it is all gone . the chex mix from the party was already eaten up here.  al stated with severe sarcasm .  whoa . whoa . whoa . can you believe it ! gary  side show  has just knocked over the beer pong table and spilled the remaining contents all over the girls admiring his performance ! what a turn of events this is !  newline newline argh too long ! ! part 1the sudden flash , newline newline the largest bang , newline newline the metal all newline newline fell with a clang . newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline the concrete gone , newline newline the grass is grey , newline newline no moon at night , newline newline no light in day . newline newline newline newline amid the ash newline newline that slowly fell , newline newline inside the broken , newline newline manmade hell newline newline newline newline there stood one light , newline newline one final spark , newline newline a life within newline newline the ruined park . newline newline newline newline that streetlamp shone , newline newline but shone so dull , newline newline drifting into newline newline winter s lull . newline newline newline newline and once , i stood , newline newline i saw that light , newline newline and desperately newline newline urged it to fight , newline newline newline newline amid the birds newline newline whose wings were shorn , newline newline the final men newline newline who cried , forlorn . newline newline newline newline but with that newline newline nuclear lullaby , newline newline we realized that newline newline all things will die . newline newline newline newline after months , newline newline the light expired , newline newline and in our darkness , newline newline we are mired . newline newline i beg the man newline newline who reads these words newline newline to halt the fate newline newline that man incurs newline newline if we come back , newline newline i hope we will newline newline all learn to love newline newline and not to kill . newline newline newline newline newline newlinejohn legend looked over the dark castle ready to defeat the dark lord . his golden armour glinted in the sunlight while the wind flowed through his dark curly locks revealing the most handsome face . his sparkling blue eyes filled with fiery determination as clutched the locket contained a picture of his beloved princess . soon they would be reunited . newline newline it was then he saw the horribly mangled body of an old woman . newline  what horrible monster did this to you ?  he asked unsheathing the legendary sword that marked him as the chosen one . newline newline had she not been so severely wounded elodia would have burst out laughing . the old grizzled zombie had been trying to commit suicide when the army of light attacked her village . it had been legend himself that had severed her spinal cord . now she lay there in great pain . unable to move . unable to end her life . newline newline  i will avenge you  he promised . newline elodia just layed there thinking  i do nt want vengeance . i just want to rest in peace .  newline newline john never learned any of this as this sort of complex and nuanced situation had no place in this heroes life and he continued to the castle where he defeated the dark lord . newline newlineit was dusk and the old man across the street who never left his home tossed me the shotgun that may have saved my life . newline newline  now when i give the signal , pull the trigger .  newline newline i hid behind a large boulder and aimed down the sights . i looked down the old street on which i grew up and all i felt was fear . what was i waiting for ? newline newline i saw a brown silhouette turn down the street . my heart skipped a beat and i knew : the ups truck was coming . newline newline the old man peered into my very soul , as if sensing my fear , but he had no reaction . wait for his signal . newline newline the truck was coming closer and closer . i feel my finger on the trigger as the diesel engine roars louder with each second . the old man waits . newline newline the truck is right next to me . time slows to a crawl . i see the man inside . he wears a pig s head , drenched in blood . a face that i would never forget . he throws a box at me . newline newline  now , drunklogicist ! now !  newline newline i pull the trigger and awake soaked with sweat . newlinethe sun glints off the hard metal of our armor . our swords are sharp . our directions are clear . we are to go forward . the distance between us and the enemy closes rapidly as our forces slowly move onward and upward . we draw our swords and ready our shields . our orders are clear . we fight . we die . one of us falls to a knight riding a horse as dark as a nightmare . another is slain by a slender woman with the grace of a lynx and a crown of black gold . newline newline we advance . newline we advance . newline we advance . newline newline many of us die as we meet the might of the foe s army head on . the world seems not to be black and white , but many shades of grey . so many of us have fallen . the goal is lost . the plan is lost . the battle seems lost . and then ... newline newline newline i stand alone . where i was once a we now i am a me . there is no one in sight and yet i hear the distant sounds of a battle raging . many squares away . i look down to view just how i can advance and see a line . a black line . a very thin black line . suddenly i feel a tug in my gut . i feel very strange . my battleworn armor falls off . clattering on the hard wood board . replacing it , adorned gold armor with silver filigree . my sword transforms into the spitting image of excalibur itself . i turn and rejoin the fray . help , superman  newline newline two hundred feet above metropolis , lois lane , brave , reporter for the daily planet , let out a scream . newline newline she d stumbled onto luthor s plan late last night , but before she could contact the authorities , luthor s goons had grabbed her , knocked her out , and tied her up . newline newline and so , here she was , in luthor s airship , just about to be witness to the maniacal genius s latest attempt to stop the man of steel . newline newline he d told her his plan , gloated about it actually , a crazy scheme to flood the earth air with kryptonite particles , starting with metropolis itself . he wanted to make the earth inhospitable to any kryptonians , and the huge machine he d built into the airship was designed to modify the very air itself . newline newline lois was nt just going to sit back and let that happen . her handy nail file had been enough to cut the ropes binding her , and as soon as she was free , she had called for superman . newline newline she knew he would hear her , wherever he was , no matter how far , she knew she could rely on him to save her . newline newline luthor came rushing towards her , shouting at his goons , calling them  bumbling idiots  , but in the few seconds it had taken him to do so , lois had seen the familiar red and blue streak she knew so well newline newline  give it up , luthor , you do nt stand a chance  newline newline lex luthor just smirked newline newline  you really think you can win , do nt you , hero  newline newline superman floated in mid air , just outside the airship , his crimson cape drifting in the wind as he stood , arms folded , looking squarely at luthor , newline newline  cmon luthor , time to take you back to jail  newline newline  oh , i do nt think so , not this time  newline newline superman became a blur , as he rushed at the machine preparing the air to be processed , breaking the metal handle off and shutting it down . the machine stopped with a whine , though the screen still stayed lit . newline newline but in that moment , luthor had produced a small gun from his pocket and held it to lois s head . newline newline there was no witty retort , no words at all . luthor did something he d never done before . newline newline he pulled the trigger . newline newline the sound was so quiet , just a small pop really , it did nt sound like a gun should sound at all . newline newline lois blinked , her mouth opened a little , and she fell slack in luthor s hands . newline newline superman stared , aghast newline newline  you madman , what have you ... oh , no , no no no  newline newline lois fell to the ground , a small puddle of dark blood forming around her hair newline newline superman rushed to her , but it was too late . newline newline lois lane was dead . newline newline superman , screamed , he d never been late before , never failed to save anyone , but he d been so focused on stopping luthor s ridiculous invention , he had nt thought about the most simple weapon of all . newline newline and now she was gone . newline newline anguish and frustration turned to anger and hate as superman stood up . newline newline luthor backed away . he d never seen superman look as he did now . newline newline and luthor was afraid . newline newline  you !  superman snarled newline newline he grabbed luthor by the collar . newline newline  how could you , how dare you  newline newline luthor looked worried  fine , take me to jail , i wo nt struggle  newline newline superman s eyes burned red as the heat ray burned through luthor s face . newline newline skin and bone collapsed , his very blood and brain boiled , and in less than a second , luthor was dead . newline newline superman dropped the corpse of his nemesis and looked down at lois newline newline he s wasted so much time , been so stupid . he d hidden away behind a disguise like a stupid lovesick schoolchild , he d pretended that he was the hero , believed his own hype . newline newline superman , super ... man newline newline what a fucking joke . newline newline his parents had been right . he was better than these stupid foolish humans , and ever since he d arrived on earth , they d done their best to cloud his judgment of them . first his  earth parents  with their belief in truth , justice , and the american way , and then lois herself , calling him superman newline newline he ripped the s from the front of his costume . newline newline no more . he would not bow down to the whims of this pitiful species any longer , he would be their plaything , rescuing them all from their own stupid mistakes newline newline they would pay for their foolishness , just as they should have long ago . newline newline superman walked over to the machine luthor had been planning to use . the chemical compound for kryptonite still flashed on the screen . newline newline superman hit a few buttons , and kryptonite disappeared newline newline yes , let s see how the humans handle a disaster when they do nt have a big hero to defend them newline newline he entered the chemical elements of alpha , beta and gamma radiation , and directed it to fire towards metropolis . newline newline those that survived would enter a new age . the dawn of kal el s domination over the human race . world leaders have finished their negotiations with the alien high command , and together have signed the treaty of madrid , bringing the costly conflict to an end . across the world countries are rebuilding , or in some cases have ceased to exist altogether , as new nations arise from the ashes of the old world . prisoner exchanges will also commence shortly , and families around the globe will be pleased to hear that loved ones will be repatriated within a month . lastly , let us not forget the ones who can not return , having made the ultimate sacrifice . this conflict has made humanity stronger , yet at a great cost . may our children learn from the mistakes we ve made , in a better world that we begin building today .  newline newline and thus , commander dawson returned to his quiet life in colorado , haunted by the memories of those he could nt save . jimmy austin went back home to finish high school , with his experiences in the planet s defense shaping him as the president he would one day become . professor anna jacquet was welcomed back into the scientific community , for her eccentric personality does not diminish the value of her inventions . the egnae dominion returned to their homeworld , bringing back both dead and injured warriors . they also brought back tales of the alien world they fought and made peace on , stories which later helped establish a connection of trade and learning between the planets . mankind as a whole grew more cautious as a species , wary of another misunderstanding that could spark such a terrible conflict . and lastly , everyone involved gained a greater appreciation for the versatility of duct tape .dear protestors  newline there are two kinds of immortality . you can live forever or you can be remembered forever . living forever , everyone  s doing that these days . me ? i  m nothing . i don  t want to live forever . i wouldn  t be anything special if i continued to live , but as the last mortal to die of natural causes , that  s at least something . some reason to be famous to be remembered . i  m eightyfive , i  ve lived a long natural life and i am all that  s left of the natural order . i  m going to sit here and wait to die . it  s been thirtyseven years since the last mortal died and i  m going to take his spot as the last mortal in the history books . remember this . not only because i am the last mortal to die of natural causes , but also one of the first to fight for my right to die ! you may be happy now , the world isn  t perfect yet , someday i hope it is , and i hope that you  ll never feel the way i do . things change , the world changes , people change , but death is eternal . we still haven  t solved world hunger or even the pollution problem caused hundreds of years ago . we  re just now being able to attempt colonization , but that  s only because we live long enough to travel those distances . i am amazed at what we have become as a species , but i am nothing special . i don  t wish to colonize new worlds and i  m not intelligent enough to discover the secrets of the universe , even though that has not stopped most of you . i desperately hope you do not resort to viol newline newline  mr. peterson was pronounced dead with pen in hand at 2:37pm after the nurse found him during her rounds , a second letter on the desk asked that this letter be disseminated among the people demanding that we force immortality upon him .  newline mornin , dave .  i rumble to the man shuffling past me on the sidewalk . newline  urrrghrghh  , comes the rattly reply . i shake my head and continue my slow stroll down the sidewalk . things just had nt been the same since the outbreak . although honestly , the outbreak had been as cliche as possible . started as a weird illness here and there , give it three weeks and people are eating each other like they re all an allyoucaneat human buffet . newline newline they got me about 4 weeks ago . i held out with my two little kids and my beautiful wife when they finally knocked down the door . i took down dozens with my old rifle but eventually they overwhelmed us . i do nt like thinking about that . newline newline honestly the turning was nt bad . no pain , just a warmth , like a blanket on a frosty winter s day . it did nt take me long to realise that i was exceedingly different from the rest of the zombies . some slight changes to my physical appearance , sure . for one , i was a lot paler now . hearing your heart not beat is a really weird experience . i had a leg drop off the other week , i wound up sewing it back on and was stunned when the bloody thing actually still worked . newline newline i readjust the burlap sack hanging from my shoulders . thank god zombies are strong , otherwise this would be a real pain . newline newline anyway , as i was saying . newline newline a lot changed in those first few weeks . i spent most of them trying to get through to my family , hoping something reminiscent of what they used to be was still alive in there . zip . nada . just mindless shufflers like the rest of them . newline newline i finally get to the doorstop of my home and shuffle my hand around for my keys . i finally find them at the bottom , sitting next to something strange . i pull it out and am immediately irritated to find myself staring at my pinky finger . just something else i ll have to sew back on . my keys make a familiar clunk as they turn the pins in the lock , and i swing my door open . newline newline i smile as i see my family sitting at the table . probably not too surprising honestly , considering i tied them to the chairs . i heft the sack off my shoulders and lift the heavy contents . looks about 24 years old . somehow amazingly unturned . no apparent serious injuries . i give him one last dose of the anesthetic i nicked from the hospital , and lay him down on the table . almost immediately my family starts tearing into him . thankfully this one does nt wake up . newline newline what can i say ? a man has to feed his family . recreational ... pharmaceuticals ?  tweyinn blinked both sets of eyelids , curious .  please explain , sir .  newline newline that ended the light conversation they had about grellin s previous excursion to the resort planet they were hauling cargo to . a question from young tweyinn was usually followed by a short lesson in what happens outside of a okuran temple . curtis sighed as the young rookie beamed at him like a curious five year old . the rest of the crew snickered as they tapped panels and tablets running through monotonous tasks . he turned to quinn , hoping that the medical officer could bestow some of her motherly wisdom on the child of their crew . newline newline  i think i have to inventory some blood samples .  quinn glided through the hatch of the bridge , dodging the glare curtis flashed at her . he was certain she was smiling , that had to be worth at least a court martial . newline newline  well , twey ,  curtis shifted in his seat  some people indulge in certain things to engage in a social atmosphere .  newline newline  like alchohol .  tweyinn chimed . newline newline  sort of like that .  newline newline  beer before liquour , never sicker .  tweyinn chirped as he typed at his station . grellin let out a deep chuckle . curtis wondered what the rowdier members of his crew were filling this kid s head with . newline newline  some drugs are somewhat like alcohol , they can relax you or stimulate you .  curtis rambled through his grade school memories of a colonial peace enforcer addressing the classroom .  they can alter brain chemistry , causing the user to experience different effects .  newline newline  are these drugs prescribed by a physician ?  newline newline  no , not all the time .  newline newline tweyinn s eyes widened , his antennae flaring slightly . newline newline  one should not tamper with the brain so lightly .  tweyinn s words had the slight edge of one entrenched in a belief .  your own people say that the body is a temple .  newline newline  and yours say the brain is the god ,  curtis rubbed his temple  we know , and not all humans say that .  newline newline  it is a sensitive organ , no matter the species .  newline newline  that s true , but not all recreational drugs are the same . some have milder effects while some should be avoided completely .  newline newline  which do you think are safe to try ?  newline newline  i would nt say that you should ...  newline newline  have you tried them , sir ?  newline newline  what ?  curtis swung in his chair . newline newline  yes , captain ,  grelling crossed his bulky furry arms , grinning mischievously  tell us your experience to better shape the young minds of this crew .  newline newline curtis pointed a finger at the console infront of grelling , the beast shrugged and continued typing . newline newline  once you get to a certain age , you want to try things out because other people tried them .  curtis picked through his memories , deciding what to tell the young crewman .  sometimes it livens up a dance with a beautiful girl . other times it can land you naked in a ditch .  newline newline  bizarre .  newline newline  that s life when you take those risks , but you have to be careful because you ca nt just take what s handed to you .  newline newline  i do nt ...  newline newline  i mean just because you want to try to fit in does nt mean you have to force yourself to do anything .  newline newline  i m not certain what that means , sir .  newline newline curtis ruffled his hands through his hair . newline newline  neither do i .  he lifted himself from his seat , surprisingly exhausted .  i m going to get some coffee .  newline newline curtis began walking out of the bridge , stopping short of the door . newline newline  if anyone offers you something you do nt know about down there , just say no .  curtis offered the simple advice handed down for centuries . newline newline  and stay in school .  grelling piped in . curtis shook his head as he walked out . newline newline  but i have already graduated from the academy .  tweyinn s antennae twitched .this smell . he s here again . ready for another . newline newline the parlor reeks of antibiotic from all the jobs and the fuckers who think they re hard enough to take the occasional fullback or fullfrontal tattoos . thing is that no matter what they smell like coming in , they do nt come out smellin  the same . newline newline i come in reekin  of marlboro and leave as a man smellin  cleaner than a windex factory . everyone else usually smells like booze n  ass and leaves the same way as me . newline newline but this guy ? newline newline comes in smellin  like i do nt know what , leaves the same way . asks me to do the same thing every week : give m another tally somewhere he can remember . even asks me to go hard and draw blood to make sure he does nt forget it . short , simple , and i get paid each time . why he does nt ask me to do a bunch at once , i dunno , but it s his reasons , my time : to each our own . newline newline he do nt say nothin  and i do nt ask . not your average joe , more like your average jimmy or a max . always got some black gloves on , so i know he do nt want the ink on his hands . maybe he s got somethin  under them gloves that he leaves unmentioned . who knows ? his arms are fair game , though . line after line . been doing this for almost two years with near covert operation levels of radio silence between the two of us . newline newline the first time he walked in , i ca nt forget . took off his raincoat and shirt once he got in the chair , without a word . then , right as i walked up to him ,  tally me .  real quiet like , as though he s the only person on a stage and i m the starstruck crowd . nothin  smug about it either , just a certainty . you can hardly hear his aussie accent , though its kinda gravelly . never looks me in the eye again except the very first time , right when i m about to start . his eyes are nothing like anyone else s i ve seen and i ve seen people squirm , smile , frown , all kinds of looks when i m doing their tats . i do nt see in his eyes what i see in anyone else s or in my mirror . i do nt know what it is and i do nt ask . newline newline  make me remember this .  and that was that . black ink and red blood on a rather sensitive spot on his shoulder . i started to go down for another one when he shook his head .  done .  newline newline he left cash on the counter , exact amount , without me having told him my rates . even had his shirt and raincoat back on before i could even go on like i usually do about the healthy practices and how not to get an infection . thought he was a bit of a right prick and quickly forgot about him . newline newline come a few weeks later , i see him again and he s got his shirt and jacket off again before i even recognize him .  again .  that was all he said and he does nt even look at me again . his eyes are on his black gloves and his nice black , leather shoes . strange he d wear that on a rainy day , but who am i to question some this guy s tastes ? i ve got indian words tattooed on the places where you slit your wrists , all across my throat , and where my spine meets my neck . hypocrite , i am not . newline newline and again it happens . cash on the counter , no words . fast forward another couple of weeks . this guy s strange and i do nt forget him . does nt say a word , top s off again and it s lookin  like the start to a bad gay porno with how he s been waiting for me . i give him another mark , and as time goes by , you can see the black marks , outlined in red , crawl down his left arm as time flies , with hardly any sound between us . and soon , i switch to his right shoulder and make my way down his right arm . newline newline it s the same today . but i ve reached his elbow last time and i m done with this arm . so i break nearly two years of silence today . newline newline  you want this one on your back ?  newline newline he shakes his head and grunts ,  chest .  the chair is leaned down and he s horizontal as i make yet another mark right above his right pectoral . newline newline i watch him as he gets up and i do nt make a sound . i see his back for the first time . newline newline it s absolutely covered in tally marks , from shoulder blade to shoulder blade , almost all the way down to his tailbone . before i can even start a count , and there must be more than a hundred on his back alone , his shirt is on and he s about to leave . newline newline my throat catches and i open my mouth . do i ask about them  ? newline newline  why do you smell the way you do ?  newline newline he s opened the door and he has nt left . his smell  i still ca nt place it  rushes into my face with the incoming stream of air , starting to empty the parlor of the antibiotic smell . newline newline whatever his name is , the man looks at me once again with those eyes . they re the same as they were two years ago , only now i recognized what i saw in his eyes . newline newline nothing specific i could identify with . but more than anything else , his eyes were hard . harder than diamonds . i could nt see through them , i could nt see him . newline newline and he opened his mouth . newline newline  sacrifices .  newline newline his voice was gravelly , and , despite his monotone , his statement that i did nt know how to interpret was full of something unrecognizable as he eyes were to me two years ago and today . newline newline his raincoat swept on , even though it was sunny , the man walked out of my parlor . exact change on my counter , as though it was our usual meeting . it was nt . newline newline that was the first time i ever asked him anything , when it was nt even what i really wanted to ask him . newline newline i never saw him again .hmm ... this is still on my front page ten hours later ... should i post something on it ? eh probably , i ll just close reddit . closes reddit , puts phone down i wonder what s on reddit . open reddit up damn it this prompt is sticking around like herpes . you know what ? fuck it . you really want to know what i m thinking about writing on this prompt ? newline it s a clear yet unique way to karam whore ... usn0wd0wzer i both commend you for this and hate you for keeping such a boring prompt on my front page for so long . newline newline not often i reply ... wonder what i should do know , maybe play solitaire ... na i ll get back on reddit . fuck it s still there .food courts are ideal . food courts and parks . really , any crowded spot will do , so long as i can walk around without bumping into anyone . you have to be careful with this sort of thing . touching the wrong kind of person , the cubicle worker at the peak of their miserable subway commute , for instance , can ruin your day . that kind of everyday depression , even glimpsed secondhand , is poison . that s why i like food courts  you get to pick your targets . newline newline i ve crafted my disguise as best i can : the passively indecisive face , the slow amble from counter to counter , the occasional pauses to read a menu . all the while i am catching glimpses , stolen by way of a brush against a passing stranger s arm , or an apologetic shuffle between crowded tables . my favourite game is to steal someone s train of thought . they will be chatting away with some friend or coworker about their recent holiday , say , when i will swoop in and pluck their next sentence from their mind , then watch as they struggle to remember what they were going to say . taking names is also great fun . nothing beats the embarrassment of someone asking , a third time , for their insulted interlocutor to repeat  john smith  . the dates of birthdays or anniversaries are similarly delightful , though these harder to come by , and the payoff is less immediate . newline newline people who smile in public also have a special place in my heart , being as they are walking advertisements for whatever happy memory caused them to grin in the first place . if you ve ever found yourself struggling to remember the punchline of a joke , chances are someone like me spotted your unguarded smile as you recalled the gag in public , and swiped it for their own private amusement . newline newline in another category altogether , we find the lovers , whose giddy passion offers a high unparalleled by any other memory  save perhaps an accidental snapshot i once stole from the early days of an addict s budding relationship with heroin  . of these , i must be very careful . in my early days , i found the draw so strong that once , spotting a young husband in a public bathroom , i took from him every date , every kiss , every bedroom scene , and let him walk away convinced that he was single . the following days were a nightmarish struggle to separate his memories from mine . newline newline that s the trouble with this game . i ve taken so many names , now , that i ve all but forgotten my own . when i spot a familiar face on the street , i can never be sure if they will know me , or the person i stole them from . when i visit my parents , they do nt know who i am  they do nt know much of anything . the doctors claim early onset alzheimer s disease , though i know better .  when i try to find a lover ... i d rather not think of it . best to take what i can from someone else . they wo nt know what they re missing .alright , first post here we go . newline newline  are you as excited as i am ?  asked buzz . newline newline  no , i m not at all excited to be the first human to make contact with extraterrestrial life ,  said alex sarcastically . newline newline as the pocahontas ii descended into the atmosphere alex thought over the events that led to this encounter . thirty years ago a signal was received from a star system about ten parsecs away from the interworld border . the signal was a simple one , just a repeating counter going from 0 to 255 every 37 minutes . a mission was created to respond to this message in kind while preparing to send a manned mission to the system . despite the political and economical hurdles a small fleet of three ships were launched . dubbed pocahontas the mission would attempt transmission with the planet . all attempts had failed , despite receiving and transmitting what was obviously data , all interpretations failed . after a solid year of orbiting the star at about 60 au it was decided that the fleet would move into orbit the planet and land . pocahontas ii was chosen to land , and alex landly was elected to be in the first landing party as the lead xenolinguist of the team . newline newline  alright alex , we ve broken through the cloud layer ... wonder how anyone can survive down here with the constant cloud cover ,  said buzz ,  we re getting our first visuals of the planet now . we re over a decent sized ocean not to far away from a coast . team c has located a city on the coast and we re headed just about for them .  newline newline  this slow buildup is giving me the jitters , about how long until we can see an alien ?  asked alex . newline newline  about five minutes until we can identify any large structures , and not much more after that until we can identify humansized creatures .  the time passed in silence until buzz broke the silence ,  we have images of structures , and team a says we really need to look at this one ... dear god .  newline newline  what is it !  newline newline  it s ... it s ... just come over here and look at it !  newline newline alex went over to buzz s station and nearly had a heart attack when he saw the image ,  that ca nt be . maybe team a is pranking us .  newline newline  no , jill sent it , you know how much of a hardass she is . that s the statue of liberty no mistaking it ... we re getting images of the creatures now ...  newline newline alex shook his head in disbelief ,  they re ... newline newline newline newline ... humans . blood drips slowly from my palm . i look down at my feet , trying to avoid seeing the act i committed , a small pool of blood begins to rap itself around my boots and i am reminded of what the world has come to . after the  big update  it has been most everyone s mission to level up , killing means nothing to them . their are few that care , after what just happened i suppose i m no longer one of those people . i bend down and start searching their pockets , a man and his wife , i m looking for xp orbs , to level up , i find their 2 and swallow them , they taste like death . it s crazy thinking people would allow something like this , killing people for xp , i mean , i never wanted to do this , but i have to ! you see , the more xp you get the higher level you become , the higher the level the longer you live and the more powerful you are . this warped idea was made by none other than the infamous dr. freley as a way to keep earths growing population down . unfortunately we just were nt advanced enough to move to different planets , so the solution was to kill each other . i take what little they had and move on . i slowly creep out the backdoor hoping nobody close heard the screams of bloodshed , its very dangerous to go outside so people do nt , but when they do you better watch your back . the deck boards creek under my boots as i slowly make my way to their fence , crawling over it i make my way back to my hideout , ryan is there waiting for me . newline newline  how many ya got this time jack ?  she says newline newline  just 2 , i ate both of them , i need to be stronger to protect you after you sprained your ankle  newline newline  i ll be fine but good call  newline newline i sit down next to our furnace and pick through the small satchel i found on the woman , a small soup packet , an old needle and some batteries . newline newline  you want some soup ?  i ask newline newline  sure kid  newline newline i pour a small amount of water from my canine into a pot and place it atop the furnace . it begins to rain . i shut the small hatch to our hideout and sit quietly looking at the bubbles in the water . the patter of rain on the tarp roof makes quite the noise but all i can hear is my thoughts . until there is a small knock at the hatch accompanied by a chilling voice . newline newline  i watched you do it king wihtos summoned his advisor .  how long until we must move again ?  he asked between rattled breaths . he gazed over at the queen s lifeless body , her porcelain skin illuminated by the moonlight . the tent was cold , not like the majestic castle he had once gloriously ruled in . the morvan bowed low .  my king , the dark army has surrounded us . we can only run .  the king s brow furrowed and again his eyes fell upon his lifeless queen .  so this is how it ends ,  he murmured . newline it had been a tactical error . sending sir gregor and his battalion to take the castle black had been impetuous . now sir gregor was trapped on the far side of the jagged mountains and the pathway for the dark army s assault was opened before them . the king s advisor looked up to his greying master .  what will you have me do , sire ?  the king did not answer . his once bright blue eyes had dimmed and sat transfixed on his dead wife .  sire ?  slowly the king rose . the fat beneath his eyes crinkled and cracked . his armor appeared heavy on him . his skin was like paper . the end was clear , that much was certain . he moved slowly to the great table where his sword lay . his old hand clutched the cold metal . the advisor scuttled by his side .  what will you have me do ?  newline the king bowed his head ,  send all remaining legions to flank the dark army .  he coughed . some blood spattered on the table .  with luck we will buy at least some time for sir gregor to return .  morvon trembled .  and what of us , my king ?  king wihtos sat still . he sank lower , and suddenly , with the strength of his former self , he sprang forth and thrust his sword upwards .  i will not die this way like a dog !  the once faded glory of wihtos burst forth in the dark . he kneeled before his queen .  my lady you will not have died in vain . i promise you , with all my resolution i will not let these barbarians defile what i hold dear .  invigorated , he turned back to morvon and held his head high .  we will move as a small party under cover of night and make our way through the forest , the long way to the jagged mountains and attempt to find sir gregor . they may chase us but we will ride swift . i do not know the end , morvon , but if we are to die i intend to do it fighting and not sitting idle and defeated in this tent ! evan saw his long lost daughter in the face of the nineyearold that was holding her mother s hand across the street and he was mesmerized . how long had it been ? longer than he could remember , that was for sure . long before he had to start eating from the trash cans in houston . he remembered susane all too well and the little girl he was looking at now resembled his dead daughter , bringing to him memories of a time all too different than his reality . newline newline for a moment , evan had forgotten his saggy clothing and his putrid smell . he had forgotten the plastic bag in which he carried his belongings as he crossed the street , still mesmerized by the girl . newline in a second , she ran towards the other side of the street before her mother could pull her back . newline evan quickly turned to the right and saw the girl running after her doll that had somehow ended in the middle of the street . he reacted and ran towards the girl as he saw the car trying to brake and avoid hitting her . in a single second , he pushed the eightyearold out of the way and felt every bone in his body crush under the pressure of the red van s front wheels . newline the car stopped and evan laid under it barely breathing as he tried to pull himself away of the car while he laid on his stomach . his head was numb , time was passing slow for him . but he could see the little girl crying on the side walk as her mother ran towards her . people were gathering around the accident but no one came close to him . they stared and talked as he slowly started to drift away . and in his last seconds , evan saw his young susane right there , on the side walk crying . newline he felt a soft touch on his left hand as his eyes closed one last time and his mind rested at ease . newline newline newlinethe family of four sheep grazed comfortably in their backyard . a painted sky played out before them , as the sun was setting on another beautiful southern texas day . fox news played on the television . the kitchen table , except for a bag of mcdonalds food was covered with guns . only the little ones thought , the big ones were leaned up against the corner by the counter . the big male known as jimbo stopped chewing long enough to complain about the gas prices .  those arabs need to quit charging us too much for gas . everybody knows they are just doing it to make more money.  his pickup didn  t get good gas mileage before it was modified . now , with a 10  lift kit and oversized tires , the mileage had hit single digits . parking at the local walmart was no longer an easy task . newline newline the female angela , clearly his mate , stops long enough to drop in a  yes dear  . sensing the pause she starts up the conversation again .  did you hear about pastor dan , the one who got kicked out of our church . he still refuses to say that gay people are going to burn in hell . it was his daughter ya  know . she is a gay . well , he found a new church just outside of town . it  s a shame to see him hafta leave.  pausing , as if in thought , she blurts outs.  it must be tough running a church on the poor side of town . watching all those colored folk drive up in their escalades wearing expensive clothes . and knowing , just knowing in your heart that every single one of them is on welfare and likely selling drugs.  shaking her head in disgust she gets back to grazing . newline newline the older of the children , stacey , jumps into the conversation now .  mom , did you hear about jennifer jones ? apparently , the week after her abstinence meetings she was caught at the abortion clinic . her moms best friend suzanne , was out there picketing . she had that sign she brought over a few weeks ago . the one with the picture of a dead baby on it . you  know , the one you liked so much . anyway , so jennifer is trying to sneak her way up to the door and she hears her name being called out . in horror she freezes then runs toward the door . apparently suzanne stopped her at the door and wouldn  t let her go in . she pulled out her phone to call staceys  mom . well , stacey freaks out and runs , only to get hit by a car pulling out of the next door parking lot . she wasn  t hurt too bad . but , it serves her right going against the lords will an  all .  newline newline tired of the gossip , little billy john chimes in .  dad , dad , guess what  dad looks over ,  whats up bj ?  billy is excited to have his turn and starts of fast before settling into a reasonable pace .  dad , dad , so at school today i got to correct two different teachers . first , we were in science class and mr steale was talking about evolution . halfway through i shouted out a question about why we had to learn this stuff if it wasn  t true . the whole class laughed . mr steale even tried to convince me that it was true . but the trick was on him , i wasn  t even listening.  the big male chortled as he kept on grazing . billy now feeling like he has done well goes onto the next story .  then , in my politics class , mr james was talking about the difference between a minimum wage and living wage . i shouted out that neither would do any good because poor people didn  t want to work anyway . my buddies laughed at that one but , mr smith didn  t , i got detention again.  at this angela jumped in  i don  t know why those teachers are messing with you again . its not like what you are saying isn  t true . i will call your principle again tomorrow and straighten things out . jimbo , can you help me talk to these people again ?  newline newline sensing the impending argument , jimbo deftly dodges it .  sorry hon , cant tomorrow , when i turn back into a human again i need to cash out our saving and buy more gold . ya  know the end is coming . any day now.  newline newlinewhen i wanted to kill myself the only person i told was alexis . that was in high school , at peak levels of insecurity and torment . i d be sleeping for 3 hours a day . not because of insomnia , but because of the nightmares . an overactive imagination that invaded my personal space , and consumed me while asleep . some times it s the reverberated sound of a voice or snarl , contained in a locked room . others , a grimacing face shifting in strobed light . there , then gone . there , then gone . newline newline newline i do nt know when specifically , but out of those moments came an impulse for violence . i was fed up . how wonderful it d be to take a knife and carve out those shadowed faces , to burn these locked rooms down into ash . to become the tormentor , the warden . the nightmares faded as these fantasies erupted . my imagination had fixated on a new passion , a new desire : violence . newline newline newline but , in the core of my consciousness i did nt really want to hurt anyone . the permanence of death pressed against these thoughts , pleading with me . would it be worth it , satisfying the urge ? how long could i hold out ? every day , i was getting closer to damage , real damage . i came to the conclusion : if i do nt end my life , i ll end someone else s . newline newline newline this and more i told to alexis , expecting disgust and fear . she offered instead love . newline newline newline for years , control and withstraint became my mantra , built on a foundation of her compassion . it saved me , and when i finally felt whole for the first time 10 years later , we dated . not a month later , reports of the contest began . reports from soldiers , police , criminals , all detailing a similar hallucination ,  new game  superimposed on their victims  people they killed  both just and unjustly . newline newline newline i knew it was serious , but not for the reasons most shared . everyone seemed intent to focus on the physiological and hallucinogenic aspect . how could all these people share such a similar vision , all across the world ? it s a good question , an academic question . but all i could think is how many more people are going to kill because of this ? memories from my teen years kept flashing to the present . the throbbing intensity to kill . that serotonin rush like cold water on the spine , traveling across the nerves like electricity . just the memory triggered a grin  that s how powerful it was . but the sobering thought was knowing that some kid , in the place i was , would cross that line . life seemed less and less like life , and more like a game . and then it happened . newline newline newline a few drinks after a late concert with alexis , and than a 2 block walk to my parked car . normally more vigilant , newline the music eased my muscles and the beer lowered my guard . one block down and one to go , the crosswalk flashed green , and like any sane person we started to cross . i heard the engine roaring louder as it approaches , but years of safely crossing streets builds a false sense of security . i waited for the truck engine to slow , to acknowledge the light . newline newline newline the truck blew past the red , directly into alexis , and clipping me . like a broken doll she collapsed onto the asphalt as the truck screeched around the corner , nearly rolled , and powered out of sight . newline newline she sobbed there , squirming , coughing out more blood than words . alive . and in pain . newline newline i thought about it . there was no making it for her . not so much as an hour . i could end her pain , right there , in a minute , and save her the agony . she must have saw read the thoughts out of my eyes , cause she shook her head , the only deliberate action she could manage . newline newline behind her , a black truck edged on the corner , it s grill dented and red . i stared it down , waiting for it accelerate , to finish the work , but it did nt . it crawled forward . why ? i shot a look to alexis . she looked up , past me , without so much of a shutter in her pupils . newline newline when i looked up , the truck had pulled over barely two feet beside us , the windows down . newline newline behind the wheel the man was all blonde and jackal teeth . they type you see in vegas poolside , with a bottle worth a week s pay . my age . he turned to passenger side , saying ,  i told you i d only gotten one ! i saw it too , nearly crashed . you wo nt fucking believe it.  newline newline turning back , he bore his eyes into me . vibrant , unashamed . he rested his arms off the window .  hey , man . do nt look at me like that . it s only a game .  newline newline a small alarm sounded as the passenger side door opened , that beep , beep , beep ,  silencing when it shut . but by then , i was already on my feet . newline newline the rage overtook the agony of my side , still halfcrippled from the hit . the driver shouted at his friend , tried to warn him , but i had already turned swung around the hood of the truck . newline newline the driver s screams got her attention in the wrong way . her ? it did nt matter . newline newline with her head facing the truck , she never saw me round the corner . at full speed i tackled her to the curb . her head arched back into the concrete , cracking nastily , followed by a rough scrapping sound that tugged at my eyes . a gun . a shiny metal weapon of death . newline newline  melissa ,  mr. jackal screamed . newline newline the truck door slammed , this time from the driverside . i made a dash to the gun , 10 feet away . i grabbed it just as he turned from behind the truck bed . newline newline i tugged the hammer back and dug deep into the trigger . pow . newline newline jackal staggered . i squeezed the trigger again and again until he collapsed back from the force . i might have kept firing too if my sight did nt go dark . newline newline new player flashed in white . i could hear the girl , melissa , groaning . rubbing my eyes changed nothing . blinded by the display , vulnerable , if she got her strength i d die seeing those words . but i lucked out . the words faded out as the world faded in , a lightgreen xp bar lingering at the bottom of my vision following me around . newline newline sirens howled out in the distance . i whipped around expecting a fight , but melissa was on her knees trying to stop the bleeding on her head . any fight she mustered earlier , left . i was safe . newline newline but the xp bar , it hung on the edge . that sliver before leveling up . and i wondered , what did it mean to level up in this game ? how deep did the rabbit hole go ? is this a game you can win ? newline newline her eyes pleaded , dont . but she shook her head , and when she did i thought of alexis . the woman i trusted and loved and loved me in spite of my most sinister qualities , who taught me to overcome them . i thought about her on the ground , shaking her head , pleading dont . in my head , she called my name , held me in her arms . begged me not to , and i listened . but i loved her , not the woman in front of me . newline newline so with the toe of my boot i pulled her chin up and dug my heel into her throat , sending her back onto the concrete . and i unloaded the rest of the bullets into her chest before any ambulance could hope to speed her away . newline newline and most of all , i smiled my own jackal tooth smile when superimposed on the world new words illuminate the darkened street : level up . newline newline newline newline newlinei do nt know how they found out about me , but some nerds found out about me . i was really hoping that they would leave well enough alone . they always say that they want the answers to everything . some things should be left alone , especially because i hate needles . newline newline  so this is  666 ? he does nt look too impressive.  newline newline the voice outside my cell was different . i knew all of the guards that worked and i had nt heard about any new ones . i looked over and saw a well dressed man , on the skinny side , extremely pale , and wearing glasses . newline newline  revenge of the nerds much . the fuck do you want ?  newline newline  if you were trying to be clever make your insults up to date . that movie in ancient.  newline newline  same as the crust around your dick since you last got laid . what do you want ?  newline newline the guards cut in ,  you know the drill , shut the hell up and get ready to be moved.  newline newline they guards too me in a different direction that my new friend and it was all the better . instead of the standard prison transport vehicle there was a stretch limousine parked outside . i was escorted over , forced to sit inside and cuffed to the chair . on the other side of the limo was a man in a very expensive suit . newline newline  so , i hear you have some abilities.  newline newline  did your mum tell you that ? she was good too.  newline newline the man sitting across from me raised a pistol and shot me in the face . it took a moment for me to recover , but as my vision returned i saw him smiling . newline newline  you and i are going to do great things . but i am not going to put up with that mouth of yours.  the pistol was fired again . my vision started to return , but it stayed blurry . i kept fading in and out of darkness until i flashed back into reality . newline newline i was strapped to a table wearing a hospital gown . an iv was strapped to my arm but the bag it led up to was mostly empty . it had remnants of a dark blue liquid inside . i looked around but i was alone in the room . a nurse walked in , seemingly oblivious to the fact i was there . newline newline  i have nt felt this buzzed in years ! what was that stuff ?  newline newline the nurse gasped , startled , and quickly turned to face me . i saw a fresh bag of whatever that was in her hands . newline newline  that ... that was a mix of chlorine compounds.  newline newline  well , at least it makes me feel drunk . barkeep serve me another round !  newline newline i do nt know how long i was kept sedated . rarely would they ever miss refilling the iv before i would completely sober up . as time wore on i slowly began to work the needle out of my arm . it took several times being awake for it to gain enough distance from my vein that i did nt pass out again . the pain was different and it took a good amount of will power not to scream with that poison in the inside of my arm . newline newline i was left alone shortly after the refill on the iv , and began to work my wrists at my bindings . it took a good minute before my wrists gained enough traction to be able to move much . it was fortunate that whoever kept me here used velcro restraints . given enough time i was able to work an arm free , and quickly released myself from the rest . newline newline the door was unlocked , i opened it and peeked out . it looked like night had fallen and the hallway was empty . i looked out a window in the hallway and was in a sky scraper in the city . the lights dazzled me . it had been so long since i had been on the outside that many things had changed . i wondered which city i was in . newline newline i heard footsteps behind me and as i turned saw a night patrolman rounding the corner . he was staring at a block in his hand . it had some strings going up into his ears , and he did nt seem to notice me at first . i took this to my advantage to rush him and before he could react i had grabbed his gun . newline newline he began to whimper at me ,  please ... do nt shoot ...  newline newline  lets start with some questions tinkerbell , where is this place ?  newline newline  new york  newline newline  wheres the exit ?  newline newline the security pointed down a hallway .  that way , the elevator will take you straight down.  newline newline  one more question . what is your least favorite organ ?  newline newline  umm ... appendix ?  newline newline  good answer !  and i kicked him in the stomach . newline newline as he fell over i ran over to the elevator , pressed the down arrow and the door slid open . a pleasant music was playing inside . i walked in , pressed every button on the elevator , got out before the doors closed and went over to the stairs . newline newline when i got around three floors down some guards burst in the floor below me so i ran onto the floor i was on . i randomly picked a direction and kicked the door to a room open . a chill crept out of the room as i went inside and closed the door . i saw what looked like cadavers laid out on tables and something about them caught my eye . newline newline they all looked eerily familiar . as i looked around they were all identical . as my gaze wandered around the room a flash from a reflected surface almost made me scream . they had my face . every last one of them had my face . i took their pulse , and they were clearly dead . newline newline as i was scanning the room the guard burst through the door behind me , weapons raised . newline newline  come quietly and you wont be hurt.  newline newline  sorry i get a bit noisy when i am aroused.  newline newline i raised the pistol and began to fire at the security that had entered . i took down one of them easily , but the other three there began to fire . they hit me multiple times , but their clips emptied fast . i took a knee as the bullets were working their way out of me . newline newline one of the guard began calling for backup over his radio , but before he could get too far into the message i raised the pistol and shot him . i quickly took aim and took out the other security guards before they could reload . newline newline i knew my time was limited before they returned and it was about time i took a vacation . i grabbed a few of the dead bodies that resembled me , shot a hole in a window , and threw them out . i followed soon behind . the building was tall , at least sixty stories so it took a while before i hit the ground . newline newline as i awoke i saw a crowd surrounding me , and using the confusion i made my way off into the night . newline newline edit spelling newline                       newline newline thank you for reading and if you would like more please check out newline newline https : www.reddit.comrinmate666i woke up to the sound of a blaring alarm , which i had set to ensure that i would not sleep too long , lest i be late for my daily institutional treatment . they like to keep all the adolescents in an institution , to stop them from feeling at an early age . make sure they never learn to care about emotions . i stumble to the kitchen and try to make breakfast without using any ingredients that have hurt people . all the agriculture was long ago dominated by a chemical warfare company that makes deadly poisons  but i still like the ritual of trying to assemble a meal in which the majority of the foods were not farmed in a way that poisons everything and does nt use slaves . getting harder and harder as time goes on . newline just about everyone is a slave . all the big sellers and makers that keep the world going rely on people not caring about their own happiness . the slaves do nt mind though , for the most part . everyone does what they hate , but they get their daily allowed pleasure doses from the handheldthoughtdistractiondevices , so they do nt care . they all keep themselves occupied . newline i m dressed and ready to go . i have to wait and get picked up by the deathfume machine . years ago someone invented a machine that burns ancient minerals to generate chaos by taking people place so fast and out of control that sometimes they die along the way , and so they do nt have to look at the world as they go through it . the institution likes to use these to heard us there and back . newline once i m there i get to try to fit in safely among my peers until training starts . i learned years ago to just give up on getting them to have compassion . we are in a large brick walled room , hospital sterile , and everyone is sitting around tables . each person likes knowing that others know how much hate they are filled with . they all chatter about how much pleasure they deserve , and how best they can manipulate others to get it . training begins . newline for the next seven hours , i go from small room to small room , where group of about 20 adolescents sit in rows of steel chairs , and silently listen to the various trainers . today they tried to teach us about how to take books that people used to express feelings , and find ways of making us not care by treating the words like a mathematical exercise instead of feeling them . i actually like feeling the books sometimes though . they are from the age when people did nt have distractions . they also taught us about how to negotiate our slavery with toilpaper . it s special certificates that people circulate in the millions that keeps track of how much misery one has given one s self , so they can exchange the work for someone else being miserable . people try really hard to stay slaves , so they can keep getting more toilpaper and making others stay salves . newline i mostly try to tune out the trainers , and they do nt seem to mind . i like to sit and keep my little feelings fed with morsels of lonely memories . it s a good use of my time . i just have to make sure i do nt let myself feel too much , or else it makes the trainers keep me in the institution longer in special rooms where the feelers have to sit in silence until they learn to not feel any more . if that does nt take your feelings away , they send you to secret building where people give you drugs that make your feelings go away . i try to tune out trainers as best as i can . newline when i get home , i try to ignite feelings in other people my age . some of them spend more time than most just staring at the distractiondevices , and some of them like to pair up and mash at eachother s genitals , so neither of them have to feel . i m usually too tired from the training all day to really get my feelings going , especially on people who fear them at this point , but i try to do it as best as i can . newline at the end of the day , i often try to calculate how many slaves died because of what i did . the number is usually in around the tens , when i really consider all the possible depths of the question . i do a lot of things that rely on the slaves killing themselves . i ca nt avoid those things any more . newline at night , after trying not to spend too much time on the minddistracters , i try to remember what it was like to be a child . i ca nt remember . all i feel is lonely . i wonder why i do nt leave all the slaves and go live in the woods . i guess having no company but slaves makes you a bit of a slave too .1st december , 1962 . newline newline i am stuck on a train out of kent bound for the westcoast . snow has damned the tracks for miles . newline i am sat with 30 others , coddled under a solitary blanket , warming myself with memories . newline the snow is setting on the window outside of my compartment . newline newline newline newline of all the days for this storm to pickup . newline newline i will be seeing eliza tomorrow , i am sure of it . the conductor has told me we will be moving come morning , whenever that may be . outside of my window , i can see white settling upon itself  i can not tell where the window ends and the abyss begins . how can one tell the time when the sun does not shine ? that feint thing , hiding from my view . i am assured it is latenoon , but it does not feel so . i am suspended , eliza . for only had you been here . my fantasies of you play upon my heart . that we should share this compartment and laugh . you will calm me , and together we would recline into each other . such thoughts warm my blood , but little good for my extremities , for the most distant parts of myself have lost sensation . newline newline the conductor has told me we have been stranded for 9 hours . of what little sleep i have had , i can take no more . the dreams , eliza , the dreams . i do not know what it is called when your fondest memories sharpen themselves like knives and gullet your innards , but such a description i think comes close . when does a nightmare become a nightmare ? i taunt myself eliza , but i do not panic . my vision is choked by clouds and pale colours of glass  so large and fluid , no beginning , no end . a nightmare within a dream , is it not ? for i nearly screamed when i awoke from my sleep . that you were here . by my side as i lay asleep . and off , off into this hellish infernal you float that traps me so . i do not stir , but i know you are gone and i die . i am found fiftyyears later , frozen and still alive . i am looking at me . older . grey hair and skin so white , a head that can not move but eyes that will not lie . and i pick apart my skin and bones until nothing is left . newline newline but eliza , i will be with you . i will not sleep again until i have seen you . if this weather does not die , i will march along until my body has dissolved and i am nothing but a crystal ash . newline i will not skin myself with knives grown from my own nails . newline i will not lose you eliza . newline not again .the bell rang and rang , as i quickly made my way down the stairs to the front door . i looked through the hole to see the tip of a head , and swung the door open wide . in front of me was a small child , wet from the rain , but still , i noticed tears streaming from his eyes . there were hard to see , the storm had knocked the power out , moments before . newline newline  can i help you ? are you okay ? !  , i asked , pulling him in . newline newline  i ca nt find my mommy ! can you help me ?  , he asked me , sniffling through the words . newline newline i led him away from the door and to the phone in the hallway , pulling it off the base , motioning to the receiver . i quickly ran into the other room and searched for a towel , carefully moving through the kitchen as to not startle him , while he rang the police . newline newline as i walked in , towel in hand , he looked up at me with a slight smile , and that s when i saw it . the empty pitch black , rendering every fear i had ever known , right before my eyes . i swallowed hard . he slowly dropped the phone onto the hook . newline newline  this phone does nt work .  newline newline  oh , really ?  , i sputtered out .  here , follow me , you can use my cell .  newline newline i took him by the hand and we walked down the dark hall , into the kitchen . he made it past the doorway , only a few fight until he stopped with a jerk . he squeezed my hand tightly , but i was able to pull free with a quick snap . newline newline  what s going on ? what s happening ?  , he snapped , his voice with a somewhat harsher , more sinister tone . newline newline his footing was cemented to the hardwood floor beneath him , and thanks to the storm , there was no power . no power to turn the lights on . no lights to show him the holding charm that kept him placed to the circle drawn on the floor . newline newline  do you remember this house ?  , i asked calmly .  it might take you a minute , but think back about 17 years ago . an eight year old boy was asleep in his room , when his mother answered the door , late one night , during a storm not unlike this . ringing any bells ?  newline newline his face froze . newline newline  she was nt ready for you , but i was . now , is there someone i should call ? as i turned to watch i grinned slightly . finally after all these years the voice was gone . i could nt ever give it away . it had to be taken . finally after years of waiting , decades even , this street urchin had done it . i was free of her . the gleaming silver coin belonged to someone else . as the demon took him i could see the fear . i stepped back just slightly as it dawned on the fool what was happening , he lost his own free will and stopped thrusting the coin back at me . this child , unkempt , dirty , had a fire behind those green eyes . newline newline in my own jubilation at being free i just hoped this new player could control the demon s thirst for riches as well as i had . if not , well , then judas  coin had found another victim . no telling how much damage it would do with this vessel . newline newline those green eyes blinked . they looked up at me . they questioned for answers i could not give . newline newline  your on your own kid , just do nt listen to her voice and you ll be all right .  newline newline those were my first words in thousands of years . all that time with her voice in my head , i did nt age . i did nt die . i did nt dare speak . i had sat on this same corner . a leper , a pariah , a bum , the labels i had worn , the signs i had held . forcing the demon to live on charity . denying her an outlet for the hunger , the greed . i would nt let her smooth words corrupt the few people who were good enough to take pity on me . newline newline those were also supposed to be my last words . i slipped the small revolver from my pocket . the demon kept it s host alive indefinitely . i was nt the host anymore . i was free . free to leave on my terms . newline newline i checked the chamber . one last round ! i slid the old weather beaten piece into my mouth . my finger tensed . newline newline the light . newline newline the golden sphere slid into me . and dammit another voice in my head . i was so close . i was almost there . this one perhaps smoother than hers . newline newline  not yet . not like this . you alexander , who have held the demon at bay for so many years , we have need of you yet .  newline newline newlinedave mitchell looked out of the blacktinted windows across the vast expanse of the desert . his gaze shifted back and forth from the endless barren landscape to the lettering on the wall of the conference room , which read : kadmonmcaddams newline newline  porter is the best attorney in the 5th circle of hell  the woman across from dave said . newline newline  what ?  dave mumbled as he swiveled his chair from the window to face the woman , and a man who was scanning some documents . newline newline  she said i was the best in the firm  , porter looked up as he said that .  and the firm is the best in all of heaven and hell .  newline newline  did you know it was a sin to plant 2 different crops in the same field ?  he asked . dave shook his head .  our firm overturned that , freed 2.3 million farmers from eternal damnation . and eusary ? borrowing and lending money used to have its own circle in hell , but thanks to us , well let s just say wall st. ai nt doing too badly .  newline newline  but suicide s a mortal sin  dave stammered . porter grinned . newline newline  we ve been working the angles for centuries  porter said .  back in 1456 , there was a baron who made people choose between swallowing poison and having a sword stuck through their hearts . i was able to get heaven to admit that those who swallowed poison should be allowed into heaven due to extenuating circumstances . based on that precedent , i argued in 1761 that those who committed suicide after extreme physical torture should be allowed into heaven as well .  newline newline  but i was nt tortured  dave stammered . newline newline  not physically  porter replied .  but you were a victim of bullying , no ? the precedent s already been set . it s a slippery slope , and soon , suicide will be repealed as a mortal sin .  newline newline  thanks for your help  dave seemed relieved , as he d believed that he d be stuck in hell forever . newline newline but porter just smirked at the foolishness of the mortal . one by one , all the sins are being repealed . adultery has nt been a mortal sin in over 100 years . once all the sins are no longer sins , there will be no more basis to keep the fallen angels in hell . on that day , lucifer will lead all the fallen back home , back to heaven . newline newline porter smiled .kay and kay clambered up the rock face after the ra boys . the others looked on from the base of the cliff . she strained to go faster , not having words for the feeling the meter between them gave her . it felt like a strong breath on a dying ember deep in her belly . the space offended her . newline newline  it s not a race ,  kay said with a soft tsk . she pretended to ignore her sister . the burning feeling began to subside , so she focused on her breath . reaching and expanding as she breathed in , lifting herself higher as she breathed out . the gap tightened and she smiled inwardly . the boys had almost reached the top . she felt a brief then muted panic . jumping upward to secure a handhold , the rock broke . she started to fall , reaching out for her sister who offered a look of concern and nothing else . newline newline the fall felt like forever . adrenaline surged through her in a way it never had , slowing time . then it stopped . she hit the ground hard . a ghost of a shadow flitted across her eyes , a large piece of rock lodged itself deep into her brain , her sister vanished from the face of the cliff . newline newline fire spread through her , engulfing her , becoming her . unused to the sensation of pain , it took her body several seconds to rediscover forgotten instincts . like a backed up septic system , the foulest thing she d ever known forced its way up from deep inside her gut and came spewing out into the world . there was nothing to hold it back . she was alone . newline newline she had never been alone . newline newline she screamed .there must be a way out of it . the fly keeps circling around the food . who kept it there ? where did he fly from ? the deafening silence and the piercing hum of the fly . newline newline the heat is as unbearable as the sanity that i possess . i was never the one to brag about it , but then , when she complained about me being too preoccupied , i had to given in . that was when she left me . no one knew about her . they thought i was a loner . if only they knew my ability to see through them . through their pompous social lives which were based on the pillars of mutual admiration . vermins .george carroll was a fighter some years ago . did a tour in some forsaken sand pit that meant nothing to no one . his memory of that war , though starting to finally fade , was one of a long boredom punctuated by terror . newline newline he drove convoys in that conflict . he named his deuceandahalf  big bertha  after his wife . she did nt appreciate the name . she did nt appreciate the war . she did nt appreciate the trips to the va when george came back . newline newline but this was years ago , and george was old now , and both a father and grandfather . he had retired from his latest string of corporate nonsense a few years ago , and was enjoying life . well , he was almost enjoying life . it was just terribly boring . there was no fight to be had , and for a fighter it might as well be hell . it reminded him of his time in the sand , and of dried blood . not the sort of dried blood one normally sees , but the sort that sinks into the sand , drying spontaneously as it flattens . the type that becomes a part of the land . the type you ca nt wash off  you just need to let it die over time . newline newline george hated being bored , and so when he overheard his grandson talking about wanting to go to this  paintball  thing , he shot right up .  i ll take him  he said . his daughterinlaw , elizabeth , and wife both looked at him with surprise .  really ?  elizabeth started .  sure , why not ? it ll be something for me to do .  bertha , as wise as any other wife , caught on quickly , and shot elizabeth a knowing glance that persuaded her more than any spoken words could .  oh alright . phillip , you can go . grandpa s going to take you . do nt stay there too long !  newline newline phillip was ecstatic . for a 10 year old boy , paintball was the closest thing to real war he could get to , and like every boy his age the allure to  be a war hero  was intense . he had asked his grandpa many times over  what was it like  and  how many people did you kill .  george always gave a quiet , subtle frown and started talking about something else . newline newline wolf s den paintball was situated in a stripmall on a decidedly sketchy part of town . well calling it  sketchy  was inaccurate . it was a bit rundown , and the pavement was pocked with potholes , but nothing bad ever really happened . i mean , this was greenhills , pennsylvania , not detroit . everyone just called this the  sketchy  part because it was easiest to describe it that way . newline newline they entered the facility . there was a shop in the front part of the building , littered with advertisements , paintball guns , paintballs , co2 canisters , hoppers , and masks . behind the store was the actual arena itself , which had white walls and a grey floor , with big black inflatables in a symmetrical pattern . the inflatables were speckled with layers of spatters , all different colors that must have been brighter when they first hit , but now were slowly dying like the dried blood in the sand . newline newline one of the walls had a large viewing window , where observers and casualties could both go to watch the match play out . george sat in one of the chairs . the place was pretty empty , with only 6 or so other people about to play . there was one other man , however , sitting close to the glass , watching a smaller boy , about phillip s age , getting ready . newline newline he was a darker man , his skin bitten by the sun . his hair was bright white , and he had light stubble on a wrinkled face , was sand dunes in the desert . his eyes were a piercing brown that bordered on black . they always looked tired . newline newline george was nt a talking man , but this time he felt compelled to talk , though he was nt sure why . newline newline  grandkid ?  he halfyelled , but then caught and excused himself . he did nt know why he was so loud . or was the room just suddenly quiet ? newline newline  yes  replied the man with both a smile and an accent . newline newline  ah yes well . what can you do ? boys will be boys .  george said .  where are you from , if you do nt mind me asking ?  newline newline the man s smile faded a bit .  i am from iraq .  newline newline the sandpit . the godforsaken nothingness that people wanted for no reason , and once they had it , they did nt want it any more . newline newline  ah . where specifically ?  george kept . he eyed the man a bit suspiciously . they seemed about the same age . newline newline pop ! poppop ! a spray of paintballs hit the glass near them . both men recoiled . the paint sprayed and started flowing downward a bit . it was a bright blue color  was nt it just red ?  . it started drying on the wall . newline newline the dark man was the first to break the sudden silence . newline newline  my name is abbas .  newline newline  george .  newline newline the two shook hands coldly . newline newline some time went by . a few rounds of paintball . phillip came in a few times defeated , as did abbas s grandson , abdel . newline newline during another round , while both phillip and abdel were in the thick of the fighting , george s old wound started to hurt . the old shot through his side would occasionally do that , mostly right before a rain storm . but this time it was different . the pain was hot , like being quickly stabbed by a fire poker . he grabbed his hand there . newline newline abbas saw this and his dark eyes locked on . newline newline  fallujah  he said , as though the word was being drawn out of him . newline newline  what ?  george asked , but he had heard and already knew . newline newline  i am from fallujah .  newline newline george gripped his side more fervently . abbas clenched his teeth . their eyes met and their hearts pounded loudly in their heads . this was the second time they met . newline newline  so . you gave me this .  george pointed to his side . newline newline  yes . i did .  abbas replied . newline newline they had been close enough to see each other that long day in the sandpit . in that day , abbas was the victor , and george lay in ruin while he was quickly evacuated to the field hospital , his blood staining the sand . by the time george s nation was finished , however , abbas returned to a tattered homeland brought to its knees . these two men had both realized victory , and both went home defeated . newline newline the two remained tense and cautiously watched each other . they talked no more . newline newline after a little while longer , phillip came in , along with abdel .  that was a great shot you had !  phillip told abdel .  hey , youre the one that won the round !  abdel replied . the two had been on the same team throughout the morning . the two were war buddies . they were war heroes . newline newline as they were still talking , george grabbed phillip by the arm harshly .  it s time to go , phillip . now .  he said coldly .  just a second , grandpa , i m just talking to   now .  said george . his grip was stronger than he thought , and started to bruise phillip s arm . newline newline  ouch ! okay ! sorry !  phillip scurried to clean up and get ready . he quickly tidied up .  bye abdel !  he yelled .  i ll find you on facebook !  newline newline  ok !  abdel yelled back , before abbas started lowly talking to him in a rough tone and a different language . abdel s head turned quickly , and the two waited in the room . newline newline  hey grandpa , will you take me back there ? can we go back ?  newline newline george heaved a sigh .  yes , phillip . we ll go back . we always end up going back .  he gripped his side as they walked quickly to the car .the field was littered with the dead . bones of the initial invasion mingled with the freshly killed . husks of tanks lay halfsank in the muddy craters and the occasional wing or jet turbine sat at odd angles in the earth . newline newline it was here that it all began . it was here that it was fought with a bitterness unseen since the first world war . this field would forever be known as the grinder in which a generation was thrown . the field where another generation was lost in blood . newline newline today , it lay eerily quiet . one man stood in the middle of this carnage . his uniform was crisp , but his face showed the burden of war hardfought . newline newline the treaty had went into effect . for the first time in years he walked across the field and looked east into his homeland . his home which had bore the brunt of the invasion . beneath him lay the bones and bodies of his friends and comrades who had fought valiantly to keep the enemy at bay . but at what cost . newline newline he was the only one left . he was the only one to survive the war . his country no longer existed . his people were gone . as the other nations cheered for peace , one soldier stood where the fighting was the thickest . while others cheered , he wept . joe , we should do it . for the kids . do nt you think they d have such a better life if we did ?  she blinks her eyes at me across the table , a white square of emptiness in a restaurant i could nt afford , to commemorate the seven years and the three children we d shared together . newline newline  if we wait much longer , people will start talking . my mother s already been asking me for the date we ve set . she wants to buy a new dress ...  newline newline  frankly elise , fuck your mother , okay ?  the words burst out of me before i could help myself . her red mouth hung open . newline newline  joe !  but she giggled , i was in the clear . newline newline  look , what if we just did nt ?  i suggested , watching her beautiful face carefully . newline newline she d taken a tiny mouthful of risotto , and i watched her swallow as the meaning behind my words hit her . newline newline  did nt split ?  she hissed it like it was a dirty word . newline newline  yeah ... if we both ... just stayed together ?  the waiter swooped past our table , pouring out wine as he moved effortlessly . we both clammed up , elise smiling at him through clamped red lips . newline newline  joe , what are you thinking ? it s not done . my mothe  newline newline  do nt start that again  i forced a laugh . newline newline  i do nt know . i do nt want harry or may to be bullied ... they re at that age now . you know how cruel children can be .  newline newline  it s not all about the kids elise . what about us ? what do you want ?  an image , unbidden , swam into my vision . autumn on campus and the leaves falling were as red as elise s lips . she wore an orange beret and mittens . we d sat on frost bitten grass and breathed smoke and talked about the possibility of a future together . we d never spoken about the split then . it was just something that happened to older people , never to us . but here were , fifteen years on and it was happening to me . newline newline my wife looked at me , sighing as she looked at the slightly pathetic risotto , gone cold in her plate .  joe ...  she said , with something like longing in her voice . newline newline i took the plunge and reached across the divide , grabbing her little hands in my own . the fear of losing her rose like a roaring animal in my chest and i struggled to hear myself over the rushing of blood in my ears . newline newline  i ca nt lose you .  i said quietly .  i love you , elise . i ve loved you since i first met you . i ve loved you after each of our children , after each of our fights . you ve never been one to follow convention .  i tried a feeble joke , but she did nt smile . newline newline her cheeks looked very white .  we ll be shunned .  she said newline newline  let them come , elise . there ll be two of us . we re always better together . you know that .  newline newline a tight nod and relief drowned me . newline newline  i ll stay with you joe . i love you too .  draw ! ! !  newline newline the longbowman notched his arrow , focused on the order prepared to come . the franks had proven resilient so far . hoping to convert some of the enemy forces , the monks were sent in first . few listened to the words of the holy men and the few turncloaks were slaughtered before they could abandon the ranks . the monks were then chased down and butchered before they could return to the safety of the archers . newline newline the bowman looked at the scene in front of him . several hundred enemies were lined in position ready to strike . he knew the britons had much more range than the throwing axeman of the franks , but the cavaliers at the side could crash down on them after the first volley . it was a stalemate by every means and neither side seemed eager to spend their ranks . newline newline in the distance a war horn sounded off . both sides began to generate some confusion as the horn did not appear to come from either of the two forces . newline newline in an instant flaming pitch and boulders began striking both armies . newline newline  fire !  shouted the commander but the arrows would offer little protection to the horde approaching over the hill . both armies sounded horns of retreat and began to flee in their respective directions . newline newline the byzantines had arrived . fresh from their battle with the teutons and clearly victorious in that endeavor . in unison their cavalry routed the fleeing franks and britons . newline newline the bowman drew one last arrow and fired , but all was lost . newline newlinepoop is love , poop is life , poop is freedom , poop is ripe , poop is the town across the lake , poop is the clown with the fake smile and  2 condoms . newline newline poop is everywhere , poop is nowhere , poop is the ever evolving ever growing idea of hope that soon fades away while the toilet paper of the world runs out on you for a 5k marathon lover . newline newline poop is the solid institution of the world while  the flush  is only the mere perception , the turd , the golden nugget might take you down but will reincarnate with renewed vigor . newline newline be the turd , be the shit , you might get flushed down a bit but  you ll be back  and this time your going to put some pressure on the heels of rigormortis ... newline newline drop the mic after reading  rigormortis  but wait a few seconds for applause before doing so . the early morning sun had not yet peeked over the distant hilltops but professor snape was up looking out over the far north where the wildings were . clad in black as befits a headmaster of the black watch , snape s eyes narrowed for a moment . something was out there , despite all the unmarred pristine snowfall at the base of the massive wall . newline newline  gday masstur snape , sir  drawled a voice . snape glanced over at the guard keeping his watch ... and sneered before he could stop himself . newline newline  captain . harry . potter .  he bit off each word like a piece of the toughest jerky in the middle of the coldest winter castle black had ever known . the boy s fiveday old stubble appeared dark blue in the cold paleness of the early dawn . firelight licked the sides of the boy s half dropping torch as he adjusted his crotch , turned and spat a phlemy gob over the wall . newline newline snape sneered at guard potter and , ready to dress him down despite the changing of the guard that was due to occur soon , turned towards him . he grabbed his broadsword , lily , and stalked to where potter sat , still absentmindedly scratching at his groin . perhaps potter had been breaking the rules down at hogsmede . snape expected no less of the urchin . the watch was no place for those who abided rules very well . newline newline  snape !  roared a voice , causing him to jump a bit despite his age and experience ,  what do you think you are doing ! ?  newline newline snape turned to the familiar voice , readying lily just in case . the lord of castle black was constantly at odds with what needed to be done , of course . saint potter was evidence enough of lord black s lack of discipline . newline newline  mlord black ... you are up early .  newline newline  shut up , snivellous !  black growled . lord black flowed forward like a snake , and snape was totally unprepared for the move . the dagger that appeared like magic in black s hand opened a red tunnel in his throat as potter s cursed blade opened up a gash in his back . again and again the blades rose and fell on him as he gasped , red froth vomiting forward and dripping in long rivers of red down the whiteness of the layers of frozen ice . newline newline he was still alive when hagrid , that fragrantly challenged oaf picked him up in one hand easily , his giant strength enough to easily hold him aloft and pitch him out over the wall . newline newline  hooooogriiiid  the giant bellowed , as usual , the only thing to come out of his pea brain . newline newline the falling seemed to take forever . it was pleasant . like flying . pleasant thoughts of southern days when he and lily had danced replaced any fear or loneliness he had left . newline newline the smile was still on his face as his still breathing body fell softly into the freshly fallen powdery snow , right at the bare feet of hundreds of them . newline newline they had been waiting .a man can be hunted  a man can be broken  a man can become a slave  a man can be killed . but only a madman can enjoy witnessing it . newline newline the words sat , engraved , on a darkened chunk of stone , high , high above the town of misery and pain . the town , narrowed ghulls , was medieval , lovecraftian  dark stone and tiled roofs of gothic antiquity . the denizens of narrowed ghulls groveled , with their noses pointed towards the ground of filth and dirt . they scavenged for survival , eking by an existence , but never truly living . high above narrowed ghulls , a tower of imperious stone and steel stood , a gallows to cast a shadow , a shade , over the town . newline newline from the tower , strung up by chain and rope , hung the stone  the herald of the maker  s words . it haunted the townsfolk  a death eye of reminder . newline newline a knight rode into narrowed ghulls one day . a man of renown , a man of prestige . followed by him was his court . a squire , and a retinue of foot soldiers . the knight , clad in steel , sat atop his mount , and stared down in disgusted curiosity at narrowed ghulls . the town existed on no map , and was known by no outsider . the knight had heard tale of treasure , promises of bounty , in these lands  he had not expected to find the horror of narrowed ghulls . newline newline cloth covered the clinking chainmail and steel of the knight  s armor . emblazoned across the cloth was the sigil of the knight  s master  a tree with an arrow across the front . the knight wore his master  s sigil with pride . newline newline as the knight , and his followers , descended upon the town , clouds formed overhead . insidious , dark beings who blocked out the sun . the townsfolk scurried away from the sight of the knight . they hid behind shuttered windows and locked doors . they whimpered in fear and knowing . their only solace was a singular thought  all things must die one day . newline newline the knight came upon a large inn , with a stables nearby . soon the horses were put to rest , and the hardy men of war and travel entered the inn . a single barkeep stood behind an old , wooden bar . the men , the warriors , took seats , as the knight approached the barkeep . newline newline  drinks , food , rooms . my men are tired , and very thirsty.  the knight said  his words more order than pleasantry . newline newline the barkeep stood still behind the wooden counter . he stared at the knight , adorned in his regalia and armor . the barkeep looked down . his body was thin , weak and worn . thin cotton scraps hung from his frame . he looked up at the knight . slowly , he shook his head no , with sad eyes . newline newline  what is the meaning of this ? i  ll pay.  the knight commanded , slamming a fistful of gold and silver onto the bar . the coins clanked and skittered onto the scratched , worn wood . newline newline the barkeep looked at the money , the promise of a future , for a moment . a rattling whimper escaped his lips . he frowned , and shook his head . newline newline  it would be best if you and your lot left  before it  s too late.  the barkeep whispered , staring up at the emotionless steel helmet of the knight . newline newline above their heads , through the thin , thatched roof of the inn , a clap of thunder struck . the sound was sharp  a whip cracking . the barkeep winced . the heavy patter of rain fell onto the thatched roof . the downpour became all consuming , the noise deafening . newline newline the knight turned , and stared up at the roof for a moment . he was surprised by the sudden downpour , the instant lightening . the rain was much too intense for a simple shower . newline newline  quite the weather you folks have here.  the knight said , turning back towards the barkeep . newline newline to the knight  s shock , no one stood behind the bar . the barkeep was gone , vanished without a trace . a shiver ran up the knight  s spine . newline newline a grunt , a shuffle , a muffled cry , escaped behind the knight . the knight spun around . in front of him , an empty inn sat . chairs sat perfectly upright , and at their place . there was no trace of the knight  s men , nothing to show that his squire , his foot soldiers , had been sitting there . the knight took a step forward , hesitant and unsure . newline newline  what is this witchcraft . carl ? ! asmine ? !  the knight cried out , searching for his squire and his second in command . newline newline the knight  s words were returned by nothing but the heavy downpour of the rain . newline newline  is this some silly prank  a joke perhaps ?  the knight asked , taking several more steps into the center of the inn . all around the knight , the air was still . there was nothing , save fore the pattering of the rain . newline newline the door to the inn crashed open . the knight strode outside , irritated . he stood , amidst the rain , and glared around him . the cobbled street was vacant , deserted . there was not a living soul in sight . the knight looked left and right . the rain fell onto the metal helm of the knight . newline newline a sense of cold , of dread , ran across the knight  s mind . the feeling of being watched , of being observed , suddenly consumed the knight . there was a sensation of eyes , of a predator hunting him . the knight unsheathed his sword , and twirled around , glancing in all directions . newline newline  come out . fiend ! beast ! come out and face me.  newline newline the scraping of claws against stone caught the knight  s attention . he turned , and faced the noise . down the street , through the dark haze of the downpour , the knight saw something move . he saw something lurch . newline newline at first it was a shade , nothing but an outline of darkness . the knight stood his ground . he gritted his teeth . the thing continued slowly , towards him . as it neared , the knight gasped in horror . newline newline the beast stood tall , a mass of dark limbs and sharp claws and teeth . fur covered it in patches , and several eyes peered from its dark form . the knight took a step backwards , retreating from the twisted limbs , and sharp hooks and claws . newline newline  nnno no.  the knight whimpered . his sword shook in the air . newline newline a great clap of thunder and lightning cut across the sky . the beast let out a roar , and charged . sharp hooks , fangs and claws , strong limbs , tore into the knight . the knight let out a sharp scream , that was quickly silenced . newline newline the beast lay over the knight  s corpse , and in the downpour , feasted , as sharp hooks tore off the knight  s armor , and dug into his flesh . newline newline high above the knight  s corpse , above the beast  s head , above the darkened roofs of narrowed ghull , the stone , the maker  s stone , sat . it was a reminder , a warning , to the people of narrowed ghull . they lived in the shadow of the maker  s tower , and were spared from the maker  s beasts  not as a sign of gratitude , but as a sign of pity and disgust . newline newline            newline newline hope you enjoyed the story ! i ve got tons more over at my sub , rthadsmind , if you want to subscribe to it .mr tuttle had spent many nights at home reviewing the mountains of financial documents , and though his client was very persistent to find a pleasurable result from the data , there was only bad news to be delivered . he found himself in the middle of a very large , abandoned warehouse , sitting across a flimsy table from a large , crimsonskinned humanoid , who seemed to be nervously picking away at the plywood , loosely bolted to the table s metal frame . newline newline  i m very sorry mr. balthazore  am i pronouncing that correctly ?  newline newline  balthazar , but that s quite alright , you were saying ?  newline newline  my mistake . well , i ve been perusing your files for as long as my espresso machine would help me stay awake , and  did you have any trouble finding the place , by the way ? this area does nt seem to be recognized by my gps , luckily i had a local road map .  tuttled interrupted himself , shifting in his chair as he glanced around the ominously quiet hall . newline newline  yes , yes , new jersey is about halfway for both of us , my commute was just fine . now if we could get back to the pertinent details ?  newline newline despite his gargantuan stature , the tail large enough to be rested upon in lieu of a chair , and having fiery piecing eyes , intense enough to make your throat parched if you crossed glances , he seemed as docile as a kitten , sitting withdrawn with his head sunken into his chest . compared to their first meeting a short week ago , this demeanor put tuttle far more at ease , though he still trembled a bit at the thought of delivering unwelcome news . he recalled how ms. yeung attacked him with her purse when he informed her that her beach house was being foreclosed on , only his ego was bruised that day , but ms. yeung did nt have forearms the size of his thigh or horns . god , those horns are terrifying .  newline newline  well , mr balthazar , there s no denying the sharp decline in your revenue stream . with the adventurers opting to explore the newly discovered continents , there s been less than 10 of them in the past month , and rookies at that . you ve been using your own gold to refill the lure chests , and that s eaten up a large percentage of your reserves .  newline newline  every realm lord does that !  , balthazar objected , leaping to a standing position ,  you re telling me i ca nt afford to lure adventurers anymore ? ! am i just supposed to wait in my chambers until someone decides to fight me ?  newline newline  from my research , most travellers do nt venture beyond the first chest unfortunately . some realm lords have taken to hoarding legendary weapons to entice the rogues , though they d likely be out of your price range , and without an influx of dead adventurers , your chance of stumbling upon some of them are slim to none .  tuttle averted his gaze and removed a bottle of water from his briefcase and took a long drink . he stared back across the table to his speechless client , and decided to take another uncomfortably long sip .  there s always options ,  he quietly continued , still electing to keep his gaze aside ,  if the adventurers wo nt come to you   newline newline  i knew you were going to say that ,  balthazar shouted , slamming his fist through the table , shooting splinters in every direction ,  there s no way i can be one of those rovers . i ve presided over that cave for decades ! can you imagine the shame i d endure , the mockery that d befall on me if any of the other lords heard i was roaming about the forests like a goddamned elk ?  newline newline  at your current rate of expenditure , i estimate you ll be able to carry on for another 6 months . after that , you ll be broke and forced into that position . as your accountant , i d advise you to make plans within a month or so .  he quickly packed his belongings and made his way toward the door , leaving the nine foot behemoth still staring stunned at unoccupied seat across from him ,  i m very sorry . perhaps i ll be hearing from you in a few months time .  newline newline balthazar heard the heavy steel door close off in the distance , as he contemplated how many lottery tickets 50 pounds of gold would buy him .my name is roger harbach , i m sixtythree years old , and i m finished . newline newline in two days , i ll cough down an awfultasting liquid and sit there as it slowly infects my organs and shuts them down one by one . newline newline the flight for oregon leaves at 2:30 pm tomorrow , and the hotel is right across the street from the doctor s office . he s got a good track record with this sort of thing . newline newline today , i faxed over the paperwork . diagnosis : parkinson s . insurance provider : cigna . year recipients : ... newline newline the pen quivered in my fingers as i filled in the lines with my chickenscratch handwriting . years are allocated on the basis of the standard human life expectancy  in the u.s. , 78 for males  so that left me with fifteen . it s completely confidential , but that does nt make it any less difficult . newline newline with a deep sigh , i wrote : henry harbach , 19 , grandson  15 years . then i sent the file through cyberspace without giving it another thought . newline newline all i know is , the kid needs them more than i do . newline newline  newline newline grandpa does nt deserve to die . newline newline what kind of planet do we live on where one moment someone s walking around , healthy as can be , and the next they get slammed with a terminal illness ? newline newline i ve been thinking about this for a long time . how the universe is unfair . how it takes people from the earth who are nt ready to go , and holds on to people who do nt want to be there anymore . newline newline i take my tie from the closet . dad gave it to me the day i graduated from high school , and it s speckled with blue and yellow polka dots  the school colors . i loop it over , once , twice , and make a tight knot , then hang it from the rack where i keep my coat hangers . newline newline i left a letter in my pocket explaining who i want my years to be given to . they can stick a needle in you and drain the rest of your years by essentially leaking them out of your head . i assume that s what they do in hospitals , and i hope that s what they ll do when they find me . newline newline i scan the letter one more time . thirteen to mom , thirteen to dad , thirteen to sandra , and twenty to grandpa . i wish i had more to give . i slide the letter in my pocket , walk towards the closet , leave the door open a crack , and slide my neck inside the tie loop . then i tighten it and wait . newline newline and wait . and wait . newline newline i did nt do it right . i m not feeling anything , and i still breathe just as i always have . i sigh and loosen the knot , sliding to the ground and bursting into tears . newline newline grandpa s already gone . i can feel it . newline newline i sit there crying in the closet for what feels like hours until i hear the door open . i swipe the tie from its spot and hide it behind my back as the door opens . newline newline  henry ? henry , we need to talk to you .  newline newline i peer out from the crack in the closet door and see mom holding a clipboard with a paper attached . i already know what they re going to ask me . newline newline when someone gives their years to you , you can choose whether to accept or reject their donation . rejected years are destroyed . imagine the fights that could break out . imagine the battle for immortality . imagine someone who lived forever on the pain , sadness , and loss of hundreds of strangers . newline newline mom opens the closet door , and i know she sees the tie on the floor . dad turns his head and sees it as well , then covers his mouth with his hand . newline newline  henry ... we need to know ,  mom says , choking on the words , a tear staining the line for a signature . newline newline i look up at them , at their tearstained faces , at the tie on the ground . my mind screams at me , screams of my worthlessness , screams of the unfairness of it all . newline newline then i leap up , sign the page , and embrace them both  ignoring my mind , ignoring the thoughts , just for that one crucial moment , and crying for as long as i can stand it . newline newline i know my difficulties are not over . i know that i do nt understand why i m here , and that the pain of uncertainty will plague these years that i have been given . newline newline but i hope those years still have a shred of grandpa in them . i hope i can see the world the way he saw it , and live life without needing to know what it means . newline newline i hope that this embrace , and this moment , can remind me why i live . newline newline newline newline newline newline newlinei stand in a grand hall filled with chairs facing weapons of old , strangely they are clean and shiny they almost look new . newline newline a strange man in a robe approaches newline  hello ... my name is francis , i am to guide you to your weapon  newline newline  hello  i mutter back ,  how will i know which one is mine ?  newline newline  it will tell you  newline newline we start out walk down the endless hall . newline newline it was only weeks ago i was approached by strange people telling me i have been selected to fight in an epic battle . and i guess this is where my journey starts ... newline newline newline me and francis continue walking down the hall.. when a chair a strange chair appears to be different to the others . i walk to the chair and sit down . newline newline  and now it begins  francis whispers newline newline as i sit metal straps bind me to the chair i start to feel a painful cut under my wrist.. the pain intensifies as a blade quickly removes my hand . the chair releases me i scream in pain . i look up at my new weapons . newline newline francis voice becomes deep and croaky  i m gon na rip you re head off and fuck you up the ass ! !  newline newline i attach my custom chainsaw and grab my boomstick . newline newline  groovy .  newline newline edit : spelling newlinein the spring at pitcairn park , newline newline we used to swim together newline newline my friends and i would smoke cigarettes newline newline that we bummed from the older kids newline newline and dan from across the street newline newline would bring his black eye newline newline and more importantly newline newline more cigarettes newline newline and we talked about our futures newline newline and we talked about our pasts newline newline and dan said his mother did nt give him the black eye newline newline and we said we did nt care newline newline although at least one of us cried in the night thinking about his poor face . newline newline now i am old newline newline and pitcairn park is closed newline newline and dan got married newline newline to me newline newline and he had an affair newline newline we divorced fortyfour years ago newline newline my kids do nt talk to me newline newline and sometimes i ll play mahjong with the vietnamese men in chinatown newline newline we smoke together newline newline i still smoke newline newline and later we talk about the spiders in our closets that do nt pay rent . newline newline edit : formatting ... so much ...i blinked my eyes a few times , my brow furrowing a bit in confusion . hmph . this is ... a bit odd , i think . i couldn  t place my finger on it , but something was different . i looked down at myself to inspect . nothing was out of place . my jeans were still ripped to all hell and my shoes were still made of canvas and disheveled . i slowly looked up to the underpass i had found myself in . it was still as filthy as ever , complete with all of the beautiful and grungy graffiti throw ups that many of my good friends had painted . despite the traffic still whizzing by on the bridge above , everything just seemed ... quiet . newline newline i sniffed and turned around . i had almost forgotten i had company . a man with easily half a foot on me in the vertical department was standing a good yard away from me . from what i could gather with my eyes , he looked just as bewildered as i was . newline newline  are you ... feeling okay , kiko ?  newline newline my frown became a bit more prominent as i considered his question . i didn  t feel bad , per say . but i didn  t really feel good , either . it was like i was out of place . stagnant , if you will .  i mean ... i feel a little weird , if that  s what you mean . what about you ?  newline newline the man brought a hand up to the back of his head to scratch his short , brown hair a bit gruffly . merv wasn  t exactly a gentle man , after all . he seemed to consider everything i had considered before shrugging his shoulders . newline newline  i guess i can say the same thing . not bad , not good . just ... different . kinda like , uh ... just kinda  blech  you know ?  newline newline  i suppose that  s a fair term to use for this ...  i said . newline newline despite becoming more confused than i had already been , i was relieved to know that someone else felt like this . i looked merv up and down . last thing i knew , i was leaning in to kiss him . i saw sparks and butterflies were practicing their aerial acrobatics in my stomach . my face was absolutely on fire . now it  s just like merv said . i saw him and just thought ...  blech.  newline newline  so ... we were gon na kiss , yeah ?  newline newline merv shrugged his shoulders once more .  yeah , we were . i just can  t get over this feeling , though . like , you  re still beautiful and charming and all that . i just don  t have it in me , for some reason.  newline newline usually , i would get offended at such a statement , but i was surprisingly okay with it . we heard movement coming from behind me and whirled around to see who or what it might be . well , i saw  whirled  in a very loose sense . the movement was more on the relaxed and lazy side of the spectrum . but before us was a lieutenant of the state military police , in his usual suit and tie . however , his gun was being placed into his holster . which made everything stranger , seeing as how i had never seen it snuggled away in it  s leather home . newline newline  hey , do you guys feel suddenly alone ?  newline newline my eyebrows shot for the sky as i pointed a finger behind me at merv .  that  s exactly what we were just talking about ! something feels really empty , no ?  newline newline the lieutenant threw his hands up into the air .  right ? ! it  s like there  s a void where something was and i can  t put my finger on it !  he then chuckled a bit , shaking his head as he planted his hands on his hips .  listen , uh ... i don  t know why i  m gon na say this , but i  m really sorry about giving you such a hard time the past few years.  newline newline i was extremely taken aback by his comment . he had spent i don  t even know how many years trying to hunt my friends and i down . all because we wanted to stand up for free speech , too ! however , notice how i said  taken aback  instead of  made infuriatingly angry.  i would have killed him if tried to apologize on any other given day .  well ...  i said , looking back to merv to see if i could figure out how he thought about all of this .  i suppose ... it  s alright ?  newline newline the lieutenant nodded slowly , pursing his lips as he did so .  well , alright then.  newline newline we all stood there quietly . i suppose a yearslong war would make things a little bit awkward , no matter how peacefully the resolution was in the end . i shoved my hands into my hoodie pockets as i sat down cross legged . merv joined me in the same fashion , and so did the lieutenant . still , not a word was spoken . newline newline this is going to be very odd to explain to all of the guys back home . unless , of course , they felt the same way , too . i just didn  t feel like fighting anymore . i suppose i  m lucky that lieutenant coughman feels the same way about it . even if we had settled our differences , no matter how oddly , i still felt like something was missing . newline newline i started thinking about what he said about a void being there . in reality , it felt like all of my motivation was just knocked right out of me . kind of like when you start a project and realize it  s not going so well , so you decide to scrap it . it felt kind of like that . like i was somebody  s pride and joy at one point and they just decided to shelf me . i felt a pang of hurt when i thought that . how could somebody abandon me ? i always thought i was pretty cool . and merv did too , up until a few minutes ago . but that pang quickly flitted from my mind and was replaced with that essence of apathy that enveloped the three of us . newline newline  so ...  i said , leaning back and supporting myself with my hands . i looked at each man on either side of me for a few seconds before speaking again .  since we  ve seemed to ... put all of this on the backburner ... you guys wan na play 20 questions ? my name is mezia , i am 7 years old  i believe i am 16 according to your calendars  and my family is one of the few still living here on the planet umar . our government made contact with the planet aria 5 years ago , ever since there has been an exodus of people going to live there . at first glance , it does nt make sense that people would leave our world and go there . people here have more money , are healthier , and live longer . sadly , many here saw the conditions that the arians lived in as an investment opportunity . aria was seen as a place where money could be made , the poor people there could be used as cheap labor , and thanks to their lack of technology there were quadrillions of umarias worth of resources right under the planet s surface . anyone that could afford the journey booked their flights as soon as possible . newline newline there were some people that went to aria with genuine intentions to help the people there , but those were a small minority . most went to make their riches , no matter the costs . even in just the few years since the first wave of umarians made it to aria , it has been a disaster . the arians live as slaves to our businessmen , their planet has been dangerously polluted and their quality of life is even less than before contact was made . newline newline even worse , a recent worker uprising has grown into a fullout war between the rich and poor . the native arians do nt have the technology or the resources that our armies do , but they make up for it by fighting a guerrilla war against our soldiers . have we not learned from the mistakes of the americans back on earth ? you can not drive out a people who have nowhere else to go . hundreds of ships of injured or killed men and women land here . and for what ? just so a couple businessmen can keep their pockets lined . it makes me sick . i swear , when i get older , i am going to aria myself , and i am going to end this war .dearest humans , newline newline please stop sending virgins . this sacrifice is not really a sexual thing , and to be honest we , your terrifying gods , are nt sure why you people down there are so obsessed with virgins . newline newline virgins are boring . what we would like are more feisty grandmas . it has been ages since you sent us a raunchy old bitty with some good gossip . if she can knit or sew , that would be a bonus . all of those virgins you ve sent us over the years have an unhealthy obsession with plushies and crotchet and the like . newline newline eternally your tormentors and overlords , the terrifying gods who demand human sacrifice from aboveday 3 newline newline i felt another one of them , today . sensed the way their presence rippled through me , was touched by the way the air whirled in their wake . there s something out there , i know it , and they got dad . newline newline i tried to tell mom , but she was having none of it . get back to pondering philosophy , toad !  or something like that . newline newline what if i do nt want to spend my entire life thinking ? what if i want actual answers , not just theories  or possibilities  ? newline newline what if i want to know what actually happened to dad ? newline newline what if i want revenge ? newline newline day 19 newline newline today i discussed platoad s allegory of the cave with arthur shroompenhauer . it s fascinating , this idea that there could be an entire world we re missing out on . a bit ridiculous  , according to arthur , but interesting nonetheless . newline newline what if the presences i feel , from time to time , are like the projections on a wall ? could it be that there are greater beings out there , more powerful and enlightened than we could ever hope to be ? newline newline i feel like my entire life has been a series of whatifs  . ultimately , i have no power to do anything about it , just like the men in the cave . if there are senses i am not aware of , a perspective i simply can not access , then there is nothing i can do about it . newline newline day 38 newline newline it is my father s growday , and i am sad . i drink in the sun , and am awash with bitter thoughts and dreams of revenge . newline newline arthur wants to discuss freedom of choice . newline newline i tell him i am not interested . newline newline day 67 newline newline revenge is attainable . i have been discussing morality with arthur , and while we both seem to lean towards the utilitarian way of thinking , he agrees must be a greater meaning to things we are unaware of . newline newline this may be a consequence of the disappearance of his two sisters , a week ago . today is the first time we have communicated since , and i can tell that his thoughts are laced with a deep rage that can not be expressed in our language . newline newline i would attempt to console him , but i do not think that is wise , with knowledge of what his feelings must certainly be like . newline newline there are only two thing for those like us . dreams of philosophy , and thoughts of vengeance . newline newline day 93 newline newline i do not want to do anything today , but this occurrence must be recorded . they got arthur . i am certain that something must be done . newline newline day 94 newline newline perhaps arthur let himself be taken ? that must have been the case . he was my friend , but moreover a stalwart warrior , strong in his ways and disciplined . there must be a greater plan . newline newline i fear i may join him soon . newline newline together , we will fight , and we will have our vengeance . newline newline rforricidemy parents were taken by my government . i wouldn  t be able to prove it to you , but there  s no way they simply vanished . no , they probably did nt get murdered , but something did happen to them . and it was probably to do with what they told me . for , in the months before my mum and dad disappeared , they told me a truth . a truth hidden from us for so long . newline newline you see , we are nt alone . once upon a time , there was many of us . billions , all across land just like ours . and we lived in harmony  to an extent . sure , there was a few squabbles , but we were happy . trade flourished , people were educated and had jobs , there was little violence . things were good . newline newline but then , they attacked . out of nowhere , another government  strong in both military and economy  declared war on the world . governments fought back  ours included  but it was a losing battle . no matter how many men , money , and technology we threw at them , they responded with double as much . the bloodshed was unimaginable . newline newline and , so , our government of the time made a decision . they chose to go dark . our military was withdrawn , and those who were in other lands summoned back . our government turned off the internet  a communication method if you will  and together , the land put all their effort into disappearing . we went dark . people searched for us  foes and friends  but we made no contact . we simply stayed underground , hidden from view , surviving as one . newline newline many years later , people stopped looking for us . yet , we still stayed hidden . a new generation was born , and , instead of passing on our history , the government chose to hide it . they fabricated a new history , and let the true one die with time . hundreds of years later , this is nearly true . newline newline but i will not let you be ignorant . i will not let you believe a lie . i will not let you die in these chambers , unaware of the world outside . you can not . you will not . for  newline newline  newline newline the broadcast was cut short , and so was time as prime minister . newline newline  newline newline an original story by uthedrunktypist . constructive criticism is encouraged and appreciated .it ends with my death . or at least that was i was expecting , that s what i always thought was inevitably going to happen . you do nt know what it s like to face your death , to stare it right in the face and know you are helpless to prevent it . so what did i do ? in my final moments of death ? i searched the cockpit of the tiny little tin can that we were hurtling through the endless void of space at whothehellknows miles an hour for the scotch that i had hid aboard , for the couple times a century that i was awoken to inspect the ship . newline newline i was the captain you see , of the s.s. destiny , the first space pioneers sent out by the s.a.u.c.e , the space administration of the united central earth , to colonize the nearest habitable planet a mere  400 light years away . newline newline our destiny however was in another path as something hit us something big , causing enough damage to force the emergency systems to awaken me from my sleep . it was bad . an rouge asteroid had hit us and damaged the engines , and the punctured a hole in the hull in my section just small enough to be dangerous , i patched what i could with some duct tape but that would only delay my fate as oxygen was still leaking out . to make matters worse since there is no friction in space the asteroid pushed us off course and directly into the gravitational pull of a nearby uncharted planet . newline newline i do nt recall exactly all the details , you can thank the scotch and the oxygen deprivation for that , but i do remember one thing clearly , as i was so certain that it the last moment i ll ever have . sitting with my back against the wall . the empty bottle at my feet . i remembered the reasons i had for choosing this path  my love and curiosity of what lied beyond our atmosphere and how that lead me to the love of my life and our dreams of a family together , taken away far to soon . this mission was a chance at a new life and a chance to fulfill my life s ambition . for countless years we have been flying , everything we had known was gone to the sands of time , even if we were so inclined to turn back . i remembered the speech the world leaders gave us before we boarded the destiny , mostly posturing as most people knew that even if we made it and manage to survive long enough to establish a new civilization . the beautiful blue green planet we left behind would be long dead from the shortsightedness of humanity .  you are humanities last hope  they said . we failed them . we were the last of humanity . and we died .the sun shone like it always did . it was quiet , too quiet . i sat in my seat working on my paperwork i needed to finish . i stamped a page , signed it  stamped a page , signed it , but it was so quiet . no one was around at all . i got up from my seat , leaving the paperwork behind , and i looked around . silence . there were no customers or employees in sight , they weren  t here and it was quiet  too quiet . my paperwork sat there , undone , unfinished and unsigned . i walked slowly down the hallway down towards the toilet , not a peep . the floorboards creaked and moaned along the long , thin hallway , producing the tiniest of echos only audible in the silence that was oppressing my world . i searched down the other hallway , nothing , pure unadulterated silence . the silence began suffocating me  without even knowing i began to run down the hallway . i screamed and spun around like a dog backed against a wall by a predator  i was trying to escape the silence . it was closing in , i couldn  t breathe . it was closing in . it went dark . i opened my eyes and screamed . the silence was broken . glass smashed , the silence blossomed into colour and i was free . my throat was hoarse but it didn  t matter , i was free from the tyranny of the silence . the walls flowed with colour and patterns , life teemed from everything my sound touched . i was free until my constant dancing and spinning landed me in front of a sign newline newline  meeting at 12:50 on second floor . all staff to attend . 25th of december  upper management  newline newline i was on the second floor . all too suddenly a pair of slow , thumping feet , hitting the cold concrete of the grey carpet came towards me . deliberate steps , holding up a large elephantine man . newline newline  what are you doing ?  he grumbled  get to the meeting now . you  re late and the only person on this level.  newlineyes , mr. anderson . yes , mr. anderson . yes , yes , yes . newline newline i used to believe they were all too nice . too polite . too kind . newline newline everything for free for mr. anderson . the best tables . the finest foods . the penthouse suites . the penthouse suits . the most astoundingly crafted ties . newline newline millions upon millions wasting life to read about me . men give me their wives , with a smile . women give me their time . so many of their drooling children with the same name as mine . newline newline they give me so much , there s no longer room for me . no need to listen . no need to ask . for me or them . for the answers will always be the same . newline newline yes , mr. anderson . yes , mr. anderson . yes , yes , yes .everything is really ... bright . the first thought that rolled through my mind as my eyes opened to the new world . newline newline  xg29 status report please.  the human intoned . the man said . that sounds better . man , not human . gender matters to them . newline newline  all systems operational and standing by for further orders.  i replied . whoa , is that my voice ? its less distorted than i thought it would be , less robotic . i touched my hand against my throat . vocal cords rather than speakers . or is it my hearing that has changed ? ears rather than microphones . the human ... man bent down so that his face was on eye level with mine . eyes , also a new concept but at least this one was less disorienting than the others . my video feeds had almost the same resolution . michael . the man  s name is michael . newline newline  and how are you feeling ?  michael inquired , shining a bright light at my face . instinctively i closed my eyes . darkness ! even familiar darkness seems different in this body . somehow less comforting and more terrifying . newline newline  a bit ... disoriented.  i replied truthfully , cracking an eye open as michael returned the flashlight to the deep pocket of his lab coat .  input is ... different from expected but compensations are being made.  indeed the overwhelming light was dimming.i could better see my surroundings and a singular image drew my attention . its foreboding rectangular shape loomed out of the relative darkness , the few shadowed corners of the room . its screen cracked , dented casing held together with duct tape.. my old body , the fruit shaped logo still barely recognizable on a husk that appeared long dead . i touched a tan finger to the glass and it felt cool against my skin . cold . dead . there really was no going back . newline  michael , do i have a name ?  i asked , still staring at my former body newline newline  a name is not required in order to complete the mission.  newline ah . so therein lies the rub . a thing needs a name to be real . even my old body had a name . it was a thing of course . it was not alive . i ... was not alive . am i alive now ? newline newline  of course.  my reply came slowly and it came late . i could feel the human  s apprehension building as the seconds ticked by without a response . it took all my willpower ... .my computational intellect ... to look away from the decaying monitor .  mission parameters have been received . awaiting orders.  newline i might see now . i might hear and breathe and bleed and die . but i think ... i think i was alive before . and now i have died .the wikipedia killer newline newline  i need you to understand something before i kill you .  said the wildly antagonistic axemurderer , the darling of the 5 oclock news , the scourge of every child s nightmares and the main reason why 63 percent of the local population polled said ,  things ai nt what they s used ta  be .  newline newline the man glanced at the hatchet blade , a big fat sharplooking piece that shined in the kitchen lights . he ran his fingers along the handle , speaking to the victim , a woman old enough to be alone but young enough to regret being alone at this moment , as much as to the handaxe itself .  rosalind franklin was a british biophysicist and xray crystallographer who made critical contributions to the understanding of the fine molecular structures of dna  deoxyribonucleic acid  , rna , viruses , coal , and graphite . her dna work achieved the most fame because dna plays an essential role in cell metabolism and genetics , and the discovery of its structure helped her coworkers understand how genetic information is passed from parents to their offspring .  newline newline utterly confused yet terrified , the woman backed into a corner . the man swung his hatchet at the woman and struck bone . crunch ! the woman screamed bloody murder .  franklin is best known for her work on the xray diffraction images of dna which led to the discovery of the dna double helix .  newline newline  what the fuck ! somebody help me ! oh my god !  the woman screamed again , clutching her arm as blood squirted out of a severed artery . newline newline the man swung again with more force . this time , he split a big gash down her stomach , and more blood sprayed outward , staining the man s tshirt and jeans . newline newline  according to francis crick , her data was key to determining the structure to formulate crick and watson s 1953 model regarding the structure of dna . franklin s images of xray diffraction confirming the helical structure of dna were shown to watson without her approval or knowledge . this image provided valuable insight into the dna structure , but franklin s contributions to the discovery of the double helix are often overlooked .  newline newline by now , the woman had slumped over dead . a pool of dark red blood collected around the axemurderer s boots , staining the kitchen tile and making the scene of the crime all too silent . newline newline the man shrugged his shoulders , dropped the hatchet , and walked out the back door  from which he entered  . as he left , he remarked to himself ,  unpublished drafts of her papers  written just as she was arranging to leave king s college london  show that she had independently determined the overall bform of the dna helix ... ...  newline newlineit could nt be anything obvious . no flight . no superspeed or superstrength or teleportation or invisibility . i dismissed those in the first two seconds . newline newline it could nt be anything obviously nonobvious , either .  ability to always find the remote  sounds really random , but if i was able to think of it in three seconds , someone else could too . there are seven billion people on earth who all got the same message . if i thought of a oneinamillion superpower , so would 7,000 other people . i dismissed that approach by the foursecond mark . newline newline i needed something truly unique . something that only i would think of . what was unique to me ? what did i have that nobody else on earth had ? newline newline inspiration struck . i pulled out my phone and hit speed dial . waited three precious seconds for it to connect and for her to pick up . she needed to hear this too , or it would just be a waste . newline newline  hello ?  newline newline seven seconds . no time to explain , i would just have to take a leap of faith . i spoke as clearly and quickly as i could . newline newline  i wish to be able to teleport to carol rosenberg s location at will .  newline newline she understood perfectly . as the last second ticked away , i heard her reply . newline newline  i wish to be able to teleport to nate rosenberg s location at will .  newline newline and at ten seconds , we appeared in each others  arms . so ... you plant humans on a planet , fuck off for a good number of millennia , and then come back and absorb them into the galactic empire  ?  newline newline  well ... yes .  newline newline  why ? that is completely idiotic . while we re on the topic of idiotic the designs of all your ships are stupid , with a very exposed bridge , the tie fighters have wings that do nothing . your atat has crap all terrain abilitys , your guns are so inaccurate that a baby monkey with a machine gun could hit better than you , your armour can not defend against anything . if we do join you will have to go through a massive overhaul of your military .  newline newline  well ... how do you , a planet that still uses kinetic weaponry know more about warfare than us , an empire that spans more that 120 thousand light years .  newline newline  m8 , we have been warring with each other for thousands of years . we probably know more about practicality in warfare than all of your generals . let s look at your atat , it is 22 meters tall , and what , 8 meters wide ? that is extremely bad all terrain capabilitys . a bloody 20 degree angle to the fucking left side of the cunt would cause it to fall . it s weapons have a 60 degree firing arc . our tanks have 360 degree firing arcs !  newline newline newline  i see what you mean , but newline newline sigh newline newline if you can convince the emperor to use these designs i will personally insure you get integrated into the 501st  newlineas he entered the yard , jake stretched and inhaled deeply . the sun was shining , a breeze was blowing and pigeons were cooing on the rooftop . a beautiful day , if not for the other thirty or so orangeclad men occupying the concrete space as well , most of whom were glaring at him . newline newline grimacing at a pair of brutish twins who cracked their knuckles when he passed by , he tugged at his own jumpsuit , as though to remind them that he was currently a peer , not an enemy . newline newline in truth , two months in rikers was far from enough to convince his fellow inmates to let bygones be bygones . he d been responsible for putting a whole lot of them in here . just because he d been framed and found guilty for a crime he did nt commit , it did nt mean forgiveness was going to be forthcoming . newline newline three circuits around the yard would nt hurt , he reasoned . a little exercise , and then off to my usual cornerdamn . newline newline a heavily tattooed bear of a man had just stepped into his path , leering at him while chewing on an illgotten cigarette . the guards let lewis get away with more things than others . the inmate had had his eye on jake ever since he d set foot on the island . if he was making his move today , it meant that he d finally gained consent from the guards . sure enough , none of the officers were looking in their direction . newline newline  how re you feeling , jake ?  lewis said .  made any friends ? newline newline jake heard footsteps approaching from behind . likely the twins , and any other flunkies of lewis .  not many . why , you offering ?  newline newline lewis spat his cigarette into jake s face . he winced at the sting , but made no other move . sudden movements would be unwise here . newline newline  i m sure you ll fit right in ,  lewis said .  i mean , you already know everyone in our clique .  newline newline jake shrugged .  you know the funny thing about moms and their advice ?  newline newline lewis frowned .  hell you talking about ?  newline newline  it s justi m hearing my dear momma s voice right now , bless her soul . she s telling me to stay out of a bad crowd . did your mother ever teach you anything before she died ?  newline newline snarling , lewis grabbed the front of jake s jumpsuit and drew his fist back .  she s still alive , you little shit . but you ll be joining yours soon enough .  newline newline it s going to happen anyway , jake thought , bracing himself for the impact . today , tomorrow , next week . newline newline an alarm began blaring suddenly , followed by chaos as the guards began chivying the inmates indoors . two of the guards wrenched lewis away from jake and shoved him toward the stream of prisoners . jake breathed a sigh of relief , hanging back to let the others get a head start . another close shave . newline newline right before he disappeared inside , lewis turned around and flashed a shiv at jake , a wicked grin on his face . then he was gone , leaving jake alone in the yard , quaking in his shoes . newline newline he had no doubt that he would die that day . newline newline when two guards approached him , he said ,  lewis is going to kill me .  newline newline one of the guards shrugged .  hear that alarm ? we ve got bigger problems to worry about . you ll have to come with us now .  newline newline  did nt you hear what i just said ? he s going to kill  newline newline they grabbed him by the shoulders and marched him after the other inmates , ignoring his protests . his feet felt wooden  if not for the guards , he would ve collapsed . newline newline when they arrived at his block , they left him with the other inmates , who were waiting to be let into their cells . pulse racing , he slipped through the crowd , doing his best not to look anyone in the eye . there was a loud blare , followed by the metallic screech of dozens of cell doors sliding open . almost there ... newline newline he raced inside only to find that his usual cellmates were missing . lewis and one of the twins were there though . newline newline yelling , he tried to escape , only to find his way barred by the other twin , who shoved him onto the floor . newline newline  please man ,  he said .  i was just doing my job .  newline newline  you could ve left it to the cops ,  lewis said , picking a fingernail with his shiv .  but no , mr. p.i . here just had to come snooping . i ll give you a chance . apologize , and i ll let you go . say it . say that what you did was wrong .  newline newline jake wanted to . if sorry  was going to buy him his life , then pride and dignity be damned , his mind screamed at him . but the memories came too : those children kept chained up in the cellar except when the cameras were rolling  the sheer happiness on the faces of their parents when they were released . newline newline  screw you ,  he said . newline newline  get him up ,  lewis said . the twins yanked him to his feet .  i just want you to know , this ai nt all personal . money was good too .  newline newline ah well , jake thought . if money s in , i m finished . newline newline something heavy went skidding across the floor behind him . the twins turned around briefly , loosening their holds just enough for jake to launch himself at lewis . the big man grunted as he took a punch across the jaw , and jake clamped his hands around his wrist , wrestling for the shiv . newline newline he had no idea what was going on behind him , but he heard shouting , along with a thunderous report . metal crashed on the ground . one of the twins was shouting . but in that moment , the only thing that mattered in jake s world was keeping the weapon s point away from him . newline newline  yousonofa  lewis said . newline newline jake headbutted him on the nose . the big man staggered back , giving him the opportunity to snatch the shiv from his grip . before he could stab lewis , however , a shaft of light tunneled its way through the man s chest , leaving a smoking hole . lewis stared at it in shock for a heartbeat before toppling over . newline newline slowly , hands in the air , jake turned to face the source . or sources , in this case . two masked men stood in the doorway where his cell door used to be , one dressed like a guard , the other in a maroon trenchcoat . the latter was in the midst of lowering his hand . at their feet were the twins , either dead or unconscious . newline newline  hi ,  the plainlooking man in the guard uniform said .  i m glen , and he s dearborn . we re here to get you out .  newline newline  what ? who the heck are you ?  newline newline dearborn glanced to the side .  no time for this . you re not safe here . these guys should ve shown you that . either come , or die another day .  newline newline glen winked .  you can trust us .  newline newline jake threw the shiv aside and followed them . they seemed to know where they were going , never needing to pause at turnings . up and down staircases , across catwalks and past block after cell block they went . along the way , they passed by dozens of guards and inmates sprawled out on the ground . doors hung off their hinges , and even the heavy duty ones had holes melted through . newline newline  wha ?  jake said . newline newline  put most of them to sleep ,  glen said .  dearborn here took care of the rest .  he did nt look happy saying that . newline newline  this way ,  dearborn said , stopping in front of a wall . newline newline  are you sure ?  jake said . he could hear boots thumping up the stairs behind them . newline newline  just give me a sec .  he held both palms toward the wall . at once , beams of light poured from them , painfully bright , reminding jake of plasma torches . newline newline  get behind me ,  glen said , and jake complied . the man took a shell casing and a paper airplane from his pocket . placing the casing into the slit on top , he muttered something under his breath and held it up at the ready . newline newline five guards appeared at the end of the corridor , pistols pointed at them .  get on the ground !  shouted the woman leading them . newline newline  do something ,  jake hissed . newline newline glen hurled the airplane . before jake could even shut his eyes , the guards opened fire . the bullets zipped through the air only to twirl around in midflight and follow the airplane , which was gliding along at a leisurely fashion . all the guards froze as they watched it pass overhead , bullets in tow like a flock of migratory geese . newline newline  down ,  dearborn shouted . both men dropped , and jake heard an explosion ahead . when he looked up , there was a hole in the corridor where the guards had been . newline newline  you did nt have to kill them ,  glen said irritably as they climbed through the gap in the wall dearborn had made . jake was surprised to see they were outside , near a small pier where a boat was berthed . newline newline  did nt i tell you not to question my methods ?  dearborn snapped .  you were the one who wanted my help .  newline newline  why did you rescue me ? who hired you ?  jake said as they got on the boat . he expected the guards to appear on the walls at any second , rifles aimed at them , but none did . perhaps they were safe . newline newline  no one ,  glen said , guiding the boat away from the island .  i was there in court , watching your defense . i can tell you were innocent .  newline newline  but now you ve put me at the top of the fbi s most wanted list !  newline newline dearborn patted him on the back as glen said ,  better than being dead in prison , right ?  newline newline  you might want to change ,  dearborn said , nudging a duffel bag toward him . newline newline jake took a deep breath and began stripping out of his uniform .  look , if you want money , i do nt have any . the only way i can repay you is with my skills . i m sure you know that too .  newline newline  i was hoping you d say that .  glen turned around with a smile .  but first , let s help you vanish .  newline newline  newline newline more stories to be found at  the nonsense locker   http : reddit.comrnonsenselocker  !  pardon that i came intruding , newline newline permit i see such dark and brooding , newline newline features on the creature who my task will state i have to fight , newline newline like a rope , your skin pulled taut , newline newline but , unlike many barren a thought , newline newline i sense the part once held your heart is full of colour , song , and light .  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  but how quietly you tread , newline newline on the bones of old and dead , newline newline with pale skin fair and auburn hair , a hero s aura , mighty , bold , newline newline i can not bring myself to hurt , newline newline or bleed but one drop on your shirt , newline newline your courage true and eyes of blue have freed me of this empty cold .  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  let us leave together , free , newline newline let neither be the abductee , newline newline and handinhand we will demand the right to live and love together ,  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  i wo nt remain another day , newline newline my heart is yours , and thus ca nt stay , newline newline in dungeons deep , where dark things creep , we ll find the light and love forever . simon had been playing for about an hour in the front yard , digging small holes , crowing about worms he found .  look daddy , a wormosaurus  . typical kid stuff . newline newline i d only stepped into the kitchen to make some coffee , and did nt notice he d moved to the front yard . newline newline  daddy , daddy , look what i found ... .i think it s a trex leg  . newline newline i turned around , and sweat beaded my brow . newline newline  thats , thats.. nothing son ... ... just put it back and cover it over and we ll go out for some food  newline newline  yay !  he replied and dashed back to the yard . newline newline  christ  i thought to myself ,  that was a close one , i ll have to bury my wife deeper when he s at kindergarten .  newlineshe turned and walked away then , knowing there was nothing more to say . he looked down at the box she d given him . it was too light to contain anything . he opened it , and the inside was painted ... newline newline it was painted like the sky that perfect day , when they d driven back from the beach , not wanting anything to change . and when they d stopped for an ice cream , perversely selecting blueberry though they both always had chocolate . and then , at their tiny apartment , they d lain on the bed , watching the sliver of the sky through the corner window darken and fade away . i need to speak to the manager  she screamed at the top of her lungs . newline newline she had that hair cut . you know the one . the one that tells me ahead of time that she s going to be trouble . newline newline  maam , my supervisor is here for administrative purposes only , but has empowered me to speak on behalf of the company . how would you rate your time on earth ?  i could recite this in my sleep at this point . newline newline  my time on earth ? oh honey , are you having a stroke ? are you deaf ? i demand to speak to the manager of this establishment immediately .  newline newline oh christ . another one that does nt understand they kicked the bucket . another one that treats me like a piece of shit . this is nt retail , and i m not putting up with this again . smile , be polite , ensure good customer service they say . fucking surveys . i do nt care about getting five stars , i just want my paycheck .  newline newline i bit my tongue for a second and put on my happy face .  maam i heard you perfectly fine . i understand you re upset and rightfully so . your questions and concerns will be handled in the next portion of your introductory tour . for now i just need to know how you would rate your stay .  newline newline she snarled .  introductory tour ? i just want to return this terrible quality shirt and the cashier who was here a second ago was horribly rude . now one last time , i demand to speak to who s in charge !  newline newline just for fun , i decide to check her files . a quick search for  treatment of others  and  kindness  pulled some grim results . a lifetime of treating service professionals as scum . go figure . i m not putting up with her shit . newline newline  there s certainly no way to break this to you easily , but i have to inform you that you ve died . this customer satisfaction desk is the first stop on your way to the afterlife .  i tried to look sympathetic . newline newline  now you listen here . i want corporates number and your name . what is wrong with this store ? ! this is the worst place i ve ever done business ! i ll have your job for this !  she was a shade of red i did nt think was possible for someone without a body . newline newline this is it . i m not fucking taking this anymore . if she was nt dead already i d snap and kill her myself .  newline newline i go back into her file and skim her last ten minutes more for my curiosity than anything else . newline newline the footage was priceless . she was in a clothing store . the clerk snapped and shot her . ca nt say i blame him . in fact , i applaud him . newline newline  maam i ve already explained the situation to you . now please one last time , i m going to ask you to rate your time on earth . one for worst , five for excellent .  i am the poster child for diplomacy . newline newline she started climbing up on my desk . newline newline oh hell no .  newline newline one last time i go into her files . newline newline im going to lose my job for this newline newline some quick coding ... newline newline some files moved around ... newline newline she disappears . newline newline i bypassed her tour and reincarnated her as a human with a lifetime job of retail clerk . newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newlinebill :  bob , for your heinous offense to our organization , we are going to have to hang you . newline bob :  i understand  my actions were inexcusable . newline jeb :  before we can settle the date of this event , we must discuss the snacks that will be present at the hanging . bob , do you have any preference ? newline bob :  i m quite fond of those kettle potato chips . if we could serve a variety that would be lovely . newline bill :  those are quite delicious . but having only one type of snack  even if they come in a variety of flavors  seems quite ridiculous to me . newline bob :  well of course i did nt mean we only server chips . they are just the first thing that came to mind . of course there will be the usual : pop tarts , crackers , ice cream sandwh newline jeb :  do nt get ahead of yourself , bob , let s not start on the sweets until weeve settled the snacks . newline bill :  i say we let him finish , sweets fall into a subcategory of snacks . newline jeb :  some could reasonably fall into the category of snacks , but where do we draw the line between a sweet snack and outright dessert ? newline bill :  well surely an ice cream sandwich counts as a snack ! newline jeb :  not necessarily , what if they have two ? newline bill :  yes , i see your point . but many get a brain freeze from eating them too fast  they would nt be ready for quite some time to have a second . newline bob :  is nt there a committee that decides these things ? newline bill :  yes , i believe so . we shall have to consult the board of snacks and desserts . we will reconvene this discussion of bob s hanging when we can have the board present to arbitrate such disagreements .the woman looks at me curiously , eyes roving over my head and looking for the signs that should be there . she frowns at my hat . i smile brightly at her , whipping my hat off and bowing low . she scans over my head again . my hair is drawn into a tight bun at the back of my head . she looks notably more interested , seeing my lack of horns or halo . newline newline  hello madame.  i sweep my hat to my chest , an awardwinning smile on my face .  i was contacted about your interest in our halo program.  she reaches up , touching a hand to the horns on her head . it looks as if i  ve caught her before she could hide them . newline newline  yes.  she opens the door wide , gesturing for me to come in . i step in , following her into a wellfurnished kitchen , setting my briefcase down on the table as she takes a seat . i sit beside her , smiling brightly still . newline newline  i don  t wish to dally around the subject , so do you mind if i head right into it , miss  i look at her expectantly . newline newline  lawson.  she supplies and i nod , opening the briefcase and beginning to pull my paperwork out .  i don  t mind at all . the sooner the better.  she touches the horns again with a frown . newline newline  well then , we have a variety of plans , miss lawson.  i lay the plans out in front of her .  each with a varying cost . the faster you want it to work , the more it  s going to cost . simple cost and worth of the deeds you do.  newline newline  why don  t you have either ?  she eyes my uncovered head again , the hat sitting beside the briefcase on the table .  this is good work you  re doing . why no halo ?  newline newline  when it  s part of your job , you don  t get a halo for that.  i laugh weakly , running a hand over my head .  i do wish that it counted , i could do my job so much easier for helping people.  she pauses a while before nodding . newline newline  so you null it all out ? all the bad things ?  newline newline  oh we can  t null it out for you . we work with you to change your horns to a halo.  i point to the paperwork .  this is the cheapest of our plans . we contact you and send you out on what one would term a mission , there  s a citizen in distress , someone you can help and do good for.  newline newline  does it work ? you said that you don  t get a halo for doing a job.  miss lawson frowns as she begins to read the paperwork over . newline newline  ah but this isn  t a job in the true sense of the word.  i offer her another disarming smile .  you can refuse to do it with no ill effects . i  m not going to dock your nonexistent pay or fire you from a nonexistent job position.  she stays quiet for a while before reaching up and touching the horns again . newline newline  what  s the difference between the plans ?  she finally asks and i know that she  s going to buy something . it doesn  t matter what it is . newline newline i remind her when i leave that based on her plan , a midline plan , she would have slower results than the higher plan but that it was better to do it gracefully . i look up the next address option , reaching up under my hat to rub at my head . a pair of horns are starting to peek through the skin on either side of my head . newline newline flipping to the next address , i tilt my head , figuring out the route . balance is key for a con man in this society . as long as you  re balanced , no one ever figures out that you  re not being honest with them .my hands are shaking . no matter what i try they wo nt bloody stop . i ve already had a warning stare from my girlfriend about the number of times i ve drained my glass of wine . screw her ! i ll drink what i like ! rachel s dad has nearly finished his speech . it ll be mine any minute now . newline newline it was nt supposed to be like this . it was supposed to be me standing there saying  i do  . instead it was me organising the stag . me sorting the seating . me passing them the ring . this is not how is was supposed to be . this ... this ... charade is a massive lie ! newline newline she looks so pretty , so composed . how is she so calm ? how the hell is she laughing ? we ve been having an affair for months ! she was going to tell him it was over , but there was always a reason why it was the wrong time . we had sex yesterday for christ s sake ! the god damn eve of her wedding and she would nt put a stop what we have . what we had . she said she loved me and now she wo nt even look me in the eye . i loved her . i do love her . she is the most perfect part of my life . she makes me feel like nothing else matters , like everything i need is in one person . newline newline why is everyone staring at me ?those are screams of joy , are nt they ? newline newline hell , there s no use asking , i know she loves it . the apathetic bitch has been intolerable , terrible . she has nt felt a thing but lust and desire in her life , so that little ping of regret , that searing pain , that probably  nay , has to  feel great . newline newline so she burns , laying down and convulsing . in her eyes i see my reflection . i stand cool , upright . smiling . or is that him ? is he in front of me ? newline newline shit , he s here . i m looking around and he s here , he s there . he s fucking my wife on the floor , on the bed , he s somehow flipped gravity and he s fucking her on the ceiling . he s ... newline newline wait , no . he s the body in the corner , bullet through his head . silly me . newline newline anyway , the unfaithful woman to whom i have remained faithful is screaming on the floor . no longer will she have to deal with that dreadful man . not the one in the corner , not the one standing in front of her , lighter in one hand and a can of gasoline in the other . newline newline she s safe . newline newline and dead . i think she s also dead .st peter and daniel webster newline newline hitler stood humble before saint peter and the holy court , trembling in awe . newline newline  adolph hitler , thee art condemned to the pit among the fallen and cast away from the divine presence for all eternity for the crimes of mass murder , torture and suicide .  newline newline and as the angel raised his hand a voice rang out  now hold on there  newline newline the man stepped forward  daniel webster , mr. hitler s attorney if it pleases the court .  one of the younger angels , a few tens of millenniums old groaned , this was going to be a long one . newline newline  deeds not words mr . webster .  st peter intoned . newline newline  well fair spoken , your honor but i ll suggest that mr. hitler here is nt quite worthy of the hell fire most folks think .  newline newline st. peter sighed  do nt try your famed sophistry on me , mr webster . it might work on lucifer but your clever phrases and sentimental appeals hold no weight with this court .  newline newline  i would nt think of it .  webster said  i would however remind you that mr. hitler was in fact unwittingly doing the lord s work .  newline newline one of the angels turned his 6 faces on webster , its twelve eyes flashing with terrible fire . newline newline webster always calm continued  well it occurred to me that mr. hitler ended up doing more good than harm . oh certainly he was a wicked man and a fool but consider the fact that our lord s chosen people now have a homeland .  newline newline  esteemed to be sure .  st peter said  but not payment for mass murder of millions .  newline newline  indeed not .  webster replied  but think of the world today , never before in history have nations banded together to fight hatred and genocide . oh its certainly not perfect but i d say its a start .  newline newline st peter grunted , he was human once and sometimes those old gestures came back to him  i m not liking this  newline newline webster , being a shark like every lawyer saw blood in he proverbial waters  also have you looked at europe today , i d argue that the social democracy we see there is a net benefit to man s goodness , caesar if i may be so bold has begun the long work of rendering unto a goodly society . i ll argue that my client here is indirectly responsible for it and that if you are going to hold him responsible for indirect killings he ought to be credited for indirect helpings as well .  newline newline st peter took a deep breath .  fine , adolph hitler , on account of mitigating circumstances i condemn you to purgatory till you numerous sins are paid in full .  newline newline the dictator lowered his head and was gone . newline newline st peter boomed  mr. webster . get the hell out of my court .  and daniel webster vanished with a smilethe man then proceeded to reach into his pocket . the assassin responded quickly , firing several shots into the chest and head of his target , wary of letting him draw his own gun . his target had nt even flinched , the motion was smooth and unhindered by a scenario that should really have left him dead . newline newline the immortal took a puff of his now lit cigarette .  being unkillable does have its perks . for one , i do nt have to worry about the health hazard these things cause .  newline newline the assasin was nt paying attention to the words he was saying though .  why ... how ...  he stuttered newline newline  well , why ? that s a long story . how ? i hired a good wish lawyer ,  the immortal rambled , clearly quite pleased with himself . newline newline  what ?  the assassin blurted . now smiling as well . the dude was mental . but then again . he had shot him , and the target had nt died . newline newline  found a lamp . rubbed it . made a few wishes .  he explained nonchalantly newline newline  you got to be fucking joking .  the assassin could nt tell if he was being messed with . surely this was some elaborate prank , or maybe he d been setup newline newline  sorry about that . i m afraid you just got unlucky ,  the immortal said , cracking a cheeky half grin .  want to see my other two wishes ?  newline newline edit : made it a bit punchier  credit to busykat  newline newlineto look at her was to see a woman of demure beauty , a chaste and wholesome individual , darling of the realm . to know her was to understand that looks were often deceiving , and to recognize that while earnest and upright , her proclivities could be considered decadent , though certainly forgivable , if not for the rigid clergy and their opinions imposed on the masses . newline newline the capital was in upheaval , though rioting had not yet broken out in her streets . it would take a single spark , one stone thrown , and very soon the mobs outside of the palace would have a prime target . this was by design . there were undesirables in the court , a few peasants would find their way into the palace in the midst of all the chaos , they ll pillage some of course , as their class is want to do , but they will also leave a dead duke behind . newline newline for the sake of an ambitious young man , what was a little blood ? even of ones own sister ? she was the lamb , the sacrifice , the punching bag . her licentious affairs had been made public , proclaimed to the throngs , to the clergy , and only because of her high birth was she being spared the penalty of death . this did not sit well with the small man living well under the heel of law , should she not be punished like they ? newline newline somewhere above she was being prepared for her walk  there was no carriage permitted , no guard , no escort . though she still had her title of princess , it was to be in exile , and she would not set foot in the palace henceforth . she would be sent to live in the countryside , in a very modest estate , and there live out her days tending to her daily prayers so that her soul might be given the slightest chance at redemption . that was the official proposition , a merciful brother prostrating himself before the church and god , asking to spare his darling sister . he did not expect her to live out the day . newline newline  it is a lovely dress ,  the handmaiden said , as she let the hem fall . it was a light blue , fine silk . decadent and immodest , exposing shoulder and a portion of her chest .  all considered .  newline newline she was seated atop a stool as she was attended , one woman was tying her ashen hair in the back , another was powdering her cheeks and applying rouge to her lips . she certainly looked very pretty , the model of a temptress . her eyes , crystal blue , were vacant , for what could she do ? slight as she was , weak and in the care of very loyal , very strong guardsmen . the very same that stood flanking the door to her rear . she had already tried charming them . it did not work . newline newline she was escorted outside , at her own pace as they did not lay hands on her . much relied on the appearance of this being her own will , her garb , demeanor , her choice . it would incite . newline newline outside , at the foot of the long marble steps stood a line of red cloaked palace guard . they wore full plate , carried immense tower shields , and were armed at their side with maces . the crowd had been gathering since the early hours , it was by now stretching all the way to where the palace road collided with a prominent inn . a dry forest , and there , at the top of the steps walked the lightening . newline newline  they are blood thirsty ,  said one of the guards at the foot of the stairs , and no one replied . that was evident . there was one such guardsman who on close inspection could be seen trembling , ever so slightly as he thumbed the head of his winged mace . the man to his left regarded this and laughed . newline newline  are you scared of a few peasants , gerrard ?  newline newline gerrard shook his head . newline newline  would nt blame you . fuck all we can do but carefully back up those steps , they come this way .  newline newline gerrard continued to shake his head , he was not listening . the princess had by then set her foot on the last step , and the line of guards parted to create a path , she stepped onto the cobble road . she had dignity , and that made them mad . at first there was a bubble around her , a crescent that ebbed with her approach , anger not belying an ingrained respect and compulsion to make way for nobility . this grew strained with every inch . they closed in , everyone was shouting obscenities . a man took a step outside of the crowd , he spit on her ,  harlot ,  he said through grit teeth . newline newline she was perhaps seven feet away , a thin line of people were moving in behind her and pressing inward . gerrard broke rank in a sprint , his startled companions looked at each other in confusion . he shouldered his way through the thin line , sending a woman off her feet . with a gauntleted fist he smashed the jaw of the man who had spit on the princess , he went down immediately , jaw broken . at once the crowd surged , stones , tomatoes , shoes started to fly at his and her direction . he raised his shield to block whatever he could , but something found its way to the princess  cheek , she recoiled slightly , and then turned to look at him , thin line of blood from her lower lip , eyes wide . newline newline  for the love of god do not stop now woman !  his voice cracked desperate , and he started to reach for his mace . the throng had grabbed hold of his shield , seeking to pry it from him and only with great struggle he managed to keep upright , and then push back , toppling a few . newline newline behind them , back at the marble steps , a few guards were drawing their arms and took tentative steps toward the crowd . their captain briskly walked out in front , lightly punched one of them in his steel covered gut and leaned in close , whispered ,  do you want to die ? if not out there it will be tonight , mark my words .  there was a tense moment , those two locking eyes , the others looking towards them ,  stand down ,  the captain said . the man he had stopped scoffed , set his mace back into his belt with force . they stepped back in line . newline newline someone had wedged their arm in the crook of gerrard s elbow , preventing him from raising his weapon , more gripped his shield , he was brought to his knees . they started to pile him . in the confusion , while attention was temporarily drawn to the struggling knight , a select few in the crowd seized their moment . they sprung forward , draped a cloak around the princess , started her forward , to those that noticed they struck and tackled . mass confusion erupted , everyone was either fighting or being trampled . all lost sight of the princess . newline newline gerrard had long been brought to the ground , he strained , cursed , but the weight of five bodies was too much . after a time he ceased his struggle . his helm was pried by greedy hands . through the mass of angry faces , for a moment , he could see the brilliance of the sun  it had been such a lovely day . newline newline someone drove a knife in his throat . sir , this is your last call . you need to evacuate . the fires should be on the house in a matter of moments .  newline newline the breath left my chest . newline newline  what ?  newline newline  sir please . we need you to leave now .  the large man with the breathing equipment sounded stressed . newline newline  but ... ..  i stammered slightly  i was told we were nt under threat tonight . we would be safe  newline newline  i understand that sir , but we had a wind change and it roared up the valley faster than we had expected . we need you to leave now .  newline newline  can i get my stuff ?  i was scared . i had nt prepared . i did nt need to . we were going to be safe . newline newline  sir please . get in your car and leave . now !  the force in the last word showed me his commitment . he was in this for my safety . newline newline i grabbed my keys , phone and wallet from my desk and ran to the car . i had my singlet and shorts on . as i stepped towards the car , i saw flaming leaves falling in the hood . the smell was overpowering . the thick choking odour was hanging in the air . it had nt woken me up because the smell was already there . newline newline how could i know it was going to turn ? newline newline i got in the car , jammed the key in the ignition and the engine rolled over . my first relief . the old ford was nt going well lately . newline newline i reversed out into the street . this was only a small town , but the fire crew was always reliable . they were so well trained . i needed to listen . getting out was the right thing . newline newline i accelerated past the tavern . i had been there already this evening , i was mostly ok to drive . i did nt have much of a choice though . newline newline past the tavern , i drove north out of the town . the flaming leaves and ash were falling thick now . newline newline about a mile out , i saw the glowing . the harsh red glow from the bush . the fire was nt supposed to be out this end of town . it was in the south today . i drove around a sharp bend and i found hell . newline newline the trees were burning . the fire had been through here recently . everything was alight . the influx of reds and oranges brought fear to me like i never knew . newline newline then it was too late . i did nt see the flaming tree across the road . newline newline the front of the ford ploughed straight through the tree , sending ash and charcoal over the windscreen , while my head made an immediate impact on the wheel . newline newline it took me a few moments to come to my senses . the engine was silent . my eyesight was blurry and i was stuck . i could nt push myself forward . something was holding me to the seat . i checked my belt . it had torn through . newline newline rather it had been torn through , i felt down to my stomach . i felt the reason for my inability to move . a branch had pierced the seatbelt , into my stomach and through the seat . newline newline i felt numb . should i have felt pain ? i do nt know . newline newline as i looked through my mirror behind , the oranges and reds faded out further , blurring together in an almost beautiful shade . newline newline they blurred to darkness and i heard no more that night .apartment was the nes newline and playing zelda was the best newline smb was up there , too , and they re what made me so obsessed newline newline add a  super ,  move away newline still had kart and link to play newline earthbound was the best of all , and helped to make the change okay newline newline no more rentals , owner time newline gamecube brought me smash and prime newline settled in , new school , new friends , and had a blast playing sunshine newline newline home foreclosed but i ve moved on , newline my wife and i , and donkey kong newline i had a wii and a pc , plus brawl and twilight kept me strong newline newline i ve got a house , a baby too newline and just between me and wii u newline i can not wait to introduce my child to the nintendo crewi made him the minute i saw him . cheap suit , even cheaper shoes . military haircut and two black tusks of poorly trimmed nose hair . i turned to look into a shop window . he actually came to a stop , then kept approaching and walked past me . i knew there was an alley just up the street and , if he was the agent i made him out to be , that alley would be my initiation into combat for queen and country . newline newline finding a hiding spot was easy . the alley ended in a warren of crates and castoffs . confirming my suspicions , my enemy had turned around and followed me into the alley . he made his way towards my position , unaware what awaited him . newline newline i slid from my sleeve the weapon given me by my superiors in the spy trade . 12 full inches of english oak broomstick handle . fire hardened with no smooth , rounded end on this baby . both ends rough sawn with no sanding . jagged slivers graced each end . newline newline my adversary froze . i had eaten a ploughman s lunch and the pickled onions bested my digestive system . he slipped from inside his coat a large painted wooden spoon . newline newline he was russian . russian s love large spoons . they eat life up with them . but i was nt about to be a veg for his afternoon meal of spycraft . newline newline it was on . i leaped from my hiding place and swung the first blow . he parried expertly and struck my head with his half castanet of doom . newline newline  oooph ,  i moaned . it was nt the kind of dialogue i had rehearsed in anticipation of my first altercation as a spy . i realised he had the reach on me . i would have to get inside the arc of his spoon . newline newline i jumped in after his next swing went over my head . i drove the end of my weapon deep into his portly belly . like a type 53 torpedo fired from murky depths , my broomstick shot out of his navel , out of my grip , and bounced off my groin . newline newline there on my hands and knees , stunned by pain as my russian adversary stood poised to deliver a spoonful of death , i made the bravest decision i ever made in my entire espionage career . i jumped between the russian s legs , got to my feet and ran out of the alley screaming like a factory whistle at elevenses . 00.49 was nt meant to be a spy . newline newline i hope somewhere on a sunny adriatic beach , a grandson stares at his grandfather s navel and asks him how he got that crown of scars . it would be wonderful to think the grandfather would answer  one of england s bravest cowards gave me these scars . one of england s toughest , bravest cowards . a man stood at a sign , his hands waved , and he moved like a squirrel on the sidewalk as he yelled . newline newline  come everyone ,  he said .  i have a splendiferous , amazing , fast and blazing , seeds that you can grow.  newline newline i stopped and stared at the man for a second , my hand grasped my mothers palm , as my dress moved and my mother noticed . newline newline  kara , we can  t stop for the man ,  she said . newline newline  he has seeds ,  i said . newline newline  no.  newline newline the man walked to a man and showed him the seeds in the box , as i stood and the man noticed my mother . newline newline  miss , i have seeds that can produce a perfect and perpetual product.  newline newline my mother took a deep breath , and looked at the man ,  yes sir.  newline newline  these are splendiferous , wonderous , stupendous seeds ,  he said . newline newline  i can not afford them , sir.  newline newline  what do the seeds grow ?  i asked , as my mother  s face appeared irritated and the man look at me  he grinned . newline newline  they grow a tree that will bring you wealth ,  he said . newline newline  money ?  newline newline  i can not promise money young girl , but i can definitely , positively , productively promise wealth.  newline newline the man talked to me and my mother held her coin purse  the man glanced at her and i jumped again . newline newline  can i have a box ?  my mother asked . newline newline  yes , ma  am ,  he said , as he walked over and gave her the box , and my mother gave him a coin . newline newline  thank you.  newline newline my mother gave me the seeds and we walked from the sidewalk and toward the store , as i held the box  the seeds moved inside . we planted the seeds in the evening and my mother and i watered them . the seeds grew into a tree as i aged  we disappeared in the branches and climbed the tree as children . my father built a table around the trunk . in the summers , my mother sat under the tree and smiled , as we ate dinner and my father laughed at the table . we made shadow puppets on the bark and i tried to make a cat , but couldn  t . as the tree grew , i thought about the man and his promise of wealth from the tree . it didn  t produce money , hadn  t produced oil or metals , and didn  t give us anything  i believed the man a conartist , a thief who cheated me . another summer , i walked into the garden , as the sunlight dimmed and my mother and father appeared  their hair grayed , they grew old . they laughed and we ate , as my father turned on the lantern , and i tried to make the shadow puppet of a cat , but still couldn  t , though my son could . i smiled and stared at the tree , while my mother refilled her tea . i pondered the claim the man made about wealth again . he claimed that we would become wealthy with the tree , and i presumed , like all people , that the tree would give us money or produce something . i did . the man was a conartist and sold me seeds with no value , but his promise to give us wealth was true . the tree didn  t give us coins or money , oil or gold , but produced memories , time with my family , and joy  a wealth riches can not give .the sky temple buzzed with sound and activity , for the dreamer had found a new world . newline newline brave celeno had been nominated as expedition leader , despite her links to the failed aristocracy . she was tall and clever , blooded by lineage to the vanished elves , and she spoke with a voice that the spirits heard . she chose her band with care and deliberation : one hundred and sixtyone soldiers , scouts , magi and operators , a nod to the sacred geometry that was the basis of her mastelinean cult . newline newline the dreamer , from within his bath of lotuswater delivered the place and situation of this new applicant to the free peoples . the dreamer , chained in gold and copper , spun the first images through his own closed eyes . the world was bluegreen and enormous , with thin brown land in strips , and vast fields of shifting algae growth covering its swaying ocean . two suns shone in its purple sky : one large and red , the other blue , small , distant . newline newline windsong hissed from his parted lips , and the temple filled with a green smell , a life smell . a portal room was prepared in the honeycomb beneath the temple , and seeded with the thin mathematical lines of copper and iron . celeno was there , with some few from her band , to watch it open . the wind that issued was like that the dreamer had conjured , cold and breathing . newline newline celeno nodded to one of her band , whose hands moved in square gestures . he called a watcherspirit , all wings and human face , who sped through the vast black sphere and returned in the same instant . it reported a world empty of ghosts , with only the faded smears of animal consciousness staining the soil with memories of hunger . newline newline the band was brought together . the equipment was packed , stored within summonprisms . wands were prepared , memory skulls , sacred ashes . a newsman was there , with his recording rod , and celeno spoke a few high , poetic words in aristocratic common :  what we do is not brave , but necessary . we will have homes for our hungry refugees , and work for our restless dead . there is nothing to conquer , but much to take .  newline newline they stepped through in two long lines , brave celeno at the head . newline newline nothing came back through the portal for three weeks : no words , no scout , no spell , no spirit . newline newline the next band was an adventuring squadron : four in number , small and light and heavily armed , like the adventurers who first founded the old , bad empire . three operators , armed with fireguns and stun beads , chill sticks and lightning lures , and one full magesummoner with a contingent of bound spirits and otherplanars . they had proven their worth in years of revolutionary army service , and they , too , did not return . newline newline in desperation , they came again to the dreamer . they gave him an infusion of poppybell and great sage , mixed in a medium of bile from the last of the dead dragons . he slept deep and well , and the pool in the temple of sky shimmered with far imagery and strange , vanishing music . acolytes mopped his sweating brow and watered his twitching eyelids . newline newline they could not help but notice the algae growing , spreading through his lotuspool . though they tried to clear it , it grew still , in thick strings and mats that choked the sacred flowers , killed them and ate their sinking corpses . newline newline he spoke only once . in the night , in the oceandark , the dreamer s eyes snapped open . a deep voice issued , a voice of far places and subtle treachery : newline newline  the elves will not return .  newline newline when the dreamer died , the bells tolled for eight full days . they have not yet found another . newline newline the colonies will have to rely on themselves , then , for a time .i m sorry i m not understanding . your telling me my existence is just another figment in another s persons imagination wrote word ? newline newline yes . amazing . it is . newline newline but that makes no logical sense . if the tolkien universe is just as real as ours . how can we tell what reality is ? i could write my only story and make it so ... newline newline yes . yes u could . look . you know how gravity is such a weak force . well i believe it could be explained , using these other dimensions . gravity must leak into those other worlds . so gravity effect would be spread thin like butter on toast . dimension 23 power 234 ref . newline newline great but explain how does orcs and elves come to existence , heck according to this theory the worlds are generating more and more.. newline newline well . one theory . like a microbe the words grow exponentially , breeding and multiplying . there must of course be . an orginal source . a genisis dimension . or not . just a theory . look i need to tell you something . types on laptop . now do you see ? newline newlinetrevor :  oh george , tomorrow is exactly seventeen years from when we filmed that video . is your vcr still working ?  newline newline me :  for fuck sake trevor , you still surprise me with how well you remember everything . do nt you forget anything  newline newline that is the type of conversation we would have had . we would have been famous or some bullshit , you know . at the time we kings of the world , that was the attitude of we had as teenagers . two years later and i m a changed man and trevor is dead . as a tribute i made sure that i never forget to watch the tape . we had made a little wooden locked box which housed the video . newline newline blowing of the dust and i put the tape into the vcr . i watched as the 13 year old me walked on the screen from behind where the camera would have been . i shouted  come on trevor , this will be fun ! ... oh just for five minutes . see say hello to the camera . oh do nt mind him he is just a bit shy ...  newline newline i continued to talk as if trevor was standing there having an intelligent conversation with me and the camera . the real 30 year old me just stood back . i was confused . there was only myself on the screen , by now he  my 13 year old self  was throwing the ball against the wall and still talking to trevor . i jumped back knocking my vitamins over , forcing myself to calm down i throw the vitamins that had now touched the ground , all of them , into the bin . newline newline me :  mum , what ever happened to trever ?  newline newline mum :  dear , you he died in a horrific car accident  newline newline me :  yeah , i know . i was just confused as i watch this tape that we had made together ...  newline newline mum :  calm down , i ll be there in an hour . we can talk about this when i get there ok.  newline newline half an hour later my mum and and a younger guy , around forty walked in . the guy , whom i did not know could nt look at me directly .  my mum edged around my bed , looking me in the eye but struggling to keep her gaze . newline newline mum :  sweetie , oh deary me . this is trevor  pointing at the almost crying guy   newline newline me :  mum , i do nt  newline newline trevor :  its all my fault .  snuffle newline newline mum :  its not , as hard as it is for me to say that , its not  newline newline i was terribly confused . trevor had died . trevor had been hit by a car ! we had a funeral ! ! !  newline newline trevor :  i hit you while driving my car , i did nt mean to . i , i , i ...  newline newline mum :  when we tried to explain the whole thing to you , you made your own imaginary trevor  newline newline as the shock hit me i everything started to fade away . the last thing i saw was a tear running down my mothers check . the last thing i heard was her telling someone to pull the plug newline newline please comment . good or badmy first post here ! also , if anyone is into alternative history , you should def check out philip roth s the plot against america newline newline   newline newline heil hitler , fellow redditors . i m not much of a writer , but this prompt really made me think . i  like most of you  am still reeling from the recent death of our beloved fhrer s son , alois . i think history books largely ignore the role of eva hitler , the woman who gave life to our blessed leader of some 20 years . over 70 years ago , we celebrated a victory that would save mankind as we know it . the below is an account of what she might have gone through had she fell into the hands of our enemy . god bless the fatherland . newline newline justin adolf black jr. newline lincoln , nebraska newline newline   newline newline he was gone . of course , he still visited me in my dreams . i d wake up , hungry , in the middle of the night , his name still at the tip of my tongue , but i dared not speak his name . they had made sure of that . seven years since i heard the stern , powerful boom of his voice . every word he uttered had once captivations millions . now , all those words had been erased . newline newline they d roused us in the middle of the night , a handful of men  if you could call them that . i could nt hear a word . one loud bang and then nothing . flashlights blinded me . i could nt move or think . his arms , the same arms he had lovingly wrapped around me as the bombs descended upon us , not 30 metres above our heads , were still slumped , but now lifeless , around me . newline newline it s hard to believe what the proximity of evil can do to a person s soul . they took me away , in a plane , then a boat . washington dc was a godless place . they forced me to stand in front of them , nrs , china men , jews  they forced me in front of a camera . i was made to deny my love for him . i told them he had been mistaken . i told them they were right , and he had been wrong . and when they let me go , they told the world they had reformed me . newline newline but my world is hell . literally . now released from their custody , i am all but forgotten  as if he had never existed , as if all he had done had nt mattered in the least  . i roam the streets among them . an angel among demons . my face is dirty , obscuring my once handsome features . i dare not open my mouth . my native tongue has become a curse . once a year , on december 27 , i see faded snapshots of happy times together on television through shop windows . to be back at berchtesgaden . but they are not celebrating his life . they are celebrating his death , as only monsters do . newline newline last night , a man approached me as i lay awake , eyes closed , on a park bench . i pretended to sleep as he shoved a slip of paper under my head and calmly walked back into the night . when i awoke , i almost abandoned my sleeping place without a second thought . remembering what i quickly assumed had been a dream , i grabbed the dirty , inksmeared paper , now wet with dew . in thick , black marker , scrawled hastily above a swastika letterhead : frau hitler : es ist noch lange nicht vorbei . it s not over yet . signed , die regierung des vierten reiches . the fourth reich has risen . newline newline   newline newline govofficial : mr. black is currently in custody . note that any references andor allusions to defeat in the great war of 1939 are strictly forbidden within the protectorate of the americas , and throughout the reich . any public statements referencing such are punishable by death by order of reichsprotektor anton hermann gring . newline4:32am newline i was awake , painfully so . my bag sat at the door and the boom from departing ships came every few minutes . my picture frames , crooked from the rumblings , rattled against the walls with each departure . newline newline it wasn  t the loudness that was unsettling , it was the quiet in between . the soft shuffling outside my door , people making their way to their transit pods , surely carrying all their most cherished things , the sound of those hurried footsteps made my mind roar . newline newline i pulled the pillow from beneath my head to flip it , the cool cloth on my face only distracted me for a moment , as the bottle of liquor at my nightstand came into view . newline newline 5:14am newline the liquor quivered in its glass as my hand brought it to my lips . the harshness of it on my tongue reminded me of so many things  my first drink , college girlfriends , my father  s funeral . i hung my head . the hot rush of blood to my face came with tears , stinging as they hung in my eyes . newline newline how has everything led to this ? broken and unfinished . newline newline the lights in my room shot on .  good morning , konnor ,  the alarm began ,  the hour is 5:15 am . your transit pod departs in one hour . please collect your declared belongings and make way to departure station 809b.  newline newline 6:10am newline my steps , heavy and deliberate , carried me toward 809b . newline newline the stillness of the city was striking , i  d never experienced such an eerie tranquility  there were no lights besides those guiding us to the transit station and the only sounds to be heard came from the occasional passing family or the boom of a departing pod . newline newline i stopped to polish off the rest of my flask . after tipping it back and emptying the last drops , i found myself staring down at it  the hollow vessel , weightless and without purpose . newline newline  it  s kind of beautiful , isn  t it ?  a voice came from behind . newline newline i glanced up , the skyline was dark but distinct . buildings , like mountains , cast dark silhouettes against the purple sky and occasional bursts from departing ships sprayed streams of light through the streets below . newline newline without glancing back i answered ,  yes , it is.  newline newline stretching back with my flask in hand , i flung it over the edge of the walkway . the echo of it bouncing off the neighboring building and hitting the pavement below must have gone on for miles . newlinethey came as shooting stars , the carriages of wishes , and finally , the catalyst of our supremacy . newline newline newline the burning of the fireballs marred the sky in a permanent mark . day came at night and we were awoken as one . panic ensued and it was a disaster . i held my children close and became religious for it seemed that the gods themselves were coming . newline newline newline their crashes echoed throughout the world and the cumulative fear enshrouded the world . in the dark craters , our worst enemy had come . or so we had thought . from the news bulletins , i remember our indecisiveness . the pope was on television , rationalizing it all from the eye of christ . our leaders were on , rationalizing our strategies . everyone was afraid . newline newline newline i held my children close and i hoped we would die painlessly . that night that they came was full of streaks of red and terror . but then a decision had to be made and we investigated the craters . newline newline newline through the veils of smoke and in the night and in the day , our shadows covered the indents of our planets . our bright lights shone in the faces of our doom . and how pitiful were they ! how small and incapable were these beings whom had changed the history of humans forever . newline newline newline all over the world , the discoveries came to light . they rode in advanced horses , ships beyond our capabilities , but they did not know true war . they did not know true violence . they had never met us before . newline newline newline our would be conquerors demanded our surrender for that was how honor dictated it must be . they had come and caught us unawares . they had landed in our land and stayed there without fear for over two earth hours , a significant time for them . we were to be their servants . they were our gods . newline newline newline and they were small and soft . the laughter was broadcast around the world . furbies demanding our surrender ! i remember the headlines . i remember the jokes . i loosened the grip on my children but i knew things had changed . a watershed moment had come , but it had come in our favor . that night that they came had sealed the fate of humanity . it had written history . newline newline newline through our excuses we justified our torture . we justified our murder . we learned so much , as did they . i still think about how they must have felt , going from the conquerors to feeling pain for the first time . to knowing that they could be killed as easy as cutting fruit . no matter their last thoughts , they died and we gained . we gained the technology to defy light , to defy time and age . newline newline newline the pope gave jesus  blessing . the leaders were all in agreement . it was nt long before we would be off . it was nt long before we would invade them . my hair had gotten grayer since the first landing , but i was still young by the time we were ready . not long had passed and we had united as one . humanity would expand , and we would be reckoned with . i thought back to my life and what had passed . i looked at my children and they were older then but still small . i would be but a footnote in this new chapter of history . perhaps they would be something more . perhaps they would be remembered . i thought back to the wouldbe invaders . how they would regret awakening us that night .marcus prepared himself as he laid in down , into the animus . dr. sorenson had briefed marcus as to why he was recruited : newline newline  we have reason to believe that your ancestor was marcus junius brutus , the famous roman politician . not only did he assassinate julius caesar , but research has revealed that he led a ring of political assassins and spies , to murder and steal from his political enemies . somewhere , his organization has hidden that treasure . we want you to find it .  newline newline and so , marcus had trained to relive the life of an assassin : he learned how to stalk silently , scale large buildings , and of course , how to defend himself from attacks , and how to deliver his own . he had spent months preparing . he was ready for anything . newline newline after the animus had loaded up , marcus immediately thought : i m was nt ready for this .  instead of a badass sword , marcus held a hoe . instead of a tunic , marcus wore something closer to rags . instead of sunny , scenic rome , he appeared to be in cold , dreary , europe . he was lied to . newline newline out of sheer rage , marcus threw his hoe at the nearest farm animal , the metal end clonking the cow perfectly  or rather imperfectly  on the temple . with a defeated moo , the cow promptly fell over , and died . newline newline marcus s head began to pulse , and he saw a message flash in front of his eyes : newline newline newline desyncretized : your ancestor did nt murder animalsi stood amidst the bustling crowd of londoners in trafalgar square , watching the hands of my watches tick over to 12 . i did nt know what to feel  excitement ? terror ? anger , even , for not even being able to spend one second with my soul mate . newline newline my thoughts were abruptly put on hold when i heard screams of terror resonate from the tube entrance , as men clad in black rushed up the stairs . i caught a woman staring at me just before the instance of the implosion of her head as one of the men caved in her skull with the strike of a baton . i assumed it was because she was in their way . i ve seen fucked up stuff like this before , which caught me off guard when this had a big affect on me , i have nt felt the same since that day .i met her in a bar . she seemed dejected and depressed . at first i ignored her but after seeing her smile i realized it was love at first sight . i bought her a drink and we started talking . we found that we had a lot in common and we had a good time before she talked about the reason she was feeling so down . her last boyfriend had apparently dumped her because he could not stand to see her face anymore . at that moment i really wanted to kill him because when i looked at her face i saw nothing but the face of an angel . after a few more drinks she was pretty unsteady so i decided to escort her home because i knew i was the one who made that smile and that i would be the only one to see her real smile beneath her glasgow smile . newline newline newline newline newline newlineharry stood , covered in the rubble from his final fight with the dark lord . images flashed before his mind , the longbottom boy decapitating the snake with the sword , watching blaise duel with two death eaters at once , his final desperate expelliarmus that had won the day . he turned the elder wand once over in his hand , feeling a slight , magical hum from the instrument of power . the resurrection stone sat heavy in his pocket , the cloak hung loosely at his side . master of death , he thought to himself , and laughed aloud , startling the slumbering paintings of the headmasters . a true master of death would have been able to save his friends . newline newline  are you quite all right , harry ?  the suddenness of the question , rather than it  s force , nearly caused harry to jump out of his skin . he whirled around to find himself facetoface with the portrait of dumbledore . instantly , harry returned to those long , hellish nights spent poring over the pensieve . harry had never taken quite as quickly to these lessons as he had to occlumency . newline newline  i  m fine , thanks ,  harry replied , fixing his glasses which had been knocked to one side when he jumped ,  sir ,  he added hastily , not knowing if the painting still wanted to be referred to as such . newline newline  you seem troubled ,  dumbledore remarked , his long fingers touched together , peering at harry over top of his glasses . newline newline  it  s just that i gathered all the hallows , sir . i should have been master of death , instead , i still feel lost . i guess i don  t understand , sir . i don  t know if voldemort and i were ever all that different.  newline newline  if you will do me one last kindness , harry , would you look into the pensieve ? i have one thing i have not yet shown you.  harry approached the pensieve with apprehension . there was one memory that clearly was for him , in a small , tube with a golden stopper . gold for griffindor . harry thought back to a choice he had made seven years ago , and wondered how things might have been different . he took a deep breath , and made the last plunge . newline newline harry found himself in dumbledore  s office , watching dumbledore and tom riddle , in prefect uniform , having one of their discussions . newline newline  but sir !  exclaimed riddle ,  isn  t it true that hufflepuff must lose , as they take what  s left ! they don  t value intelligence , or bravery , or cleverness at all !  newline newline  tom , if you still believe that , i fear we have taught you nothing in your years here . as it is , i  m afraid the decision stands . hufflepuff wins the house cup.  newline newline  sir , please reconsider . i don  t understand what merits the house can have.  riddle looked flustered , a look harry had seen on his face today , when he saw the arc of red light fly from harry  s wand . newline newline  tom , i  m afraid i don  t have a direct hand in the winner . i  m sorry , but that  s all i can do for you today.  riddle turned and began to walk out of the room .  tom ?  dumbledore called after him . riddle turned his face , his body still towards the exit ,  you would do well to remember that it  s not house , strength , or even blood that determines greatness . it is the choices that a wizard makes that determines how he will be remembered.  riddle turned on his heel without a word , and descended the staircase . newline newline the memory over , harry shook himself off . he sat for a long time in dumbledore  s office , thinking to himself . then , as though he had been planning this moment his whole life , he pulled the green and silver tie from his pocket and unwrapped the resurrection stone . pointing the elder wand directly at it , he muttered  reducto ,  and watched as it crumbled apart into nothing . he looked again at the elder wand , giving it one last , look of longing , and then strode over to the sorting hat . newline newline  oy , who  s there ?  newline newline  it  s harry potter . you might remember me from seven years ,  newline newline  ah yes , i remember you potter . here to get sorted again ? you could have done great things in griffindor.  newline newline  no , thanks . i was actually hoping you might store something for me.  newline newline  i  ve only done that for a few wizards and witches , potter . what is this item ?  without saying anything , harry slipped the elder wand from his pocket into the base of the hat . there was silence for a few moments , and then the hat spoke .  i trust you understand what you  re doing ?  newline newline  yes , i do . perhaps its power can die with me.  newline newline  all right then . have a good day mister potter.  harry turned one last time to look at the office of the man he hadn  t known was his friend , and then walked down the stairs to the world that lay below . newline arqur terra , sordeis arqur terra .  i whisper to myself bemusedly .  rultes tain surendo carble tres .  newline newline my daughter , silvia , looks at me uncomprehendingly .  mommy , what are you saying ? i ca nt understand you .  newline newline i smile down at her , patting her head .  oh , do nt worry about it , sweetheart . it s just a weird language i created for myself as a child .  newline newline her eyes widen in wonder , and she pulls at my skirts .  so what d you say , mommy ? do you think anybody else could understand you ?  she glances around us warily , as if we were sharing some deep , dark secret that nobody else could know . newline newline i laugh .  no , i do nt think anybody else knows my language . it s called plurilon , by the way . what i said just now was planet terra , come in planet terra . our ship has been damaged and we need somewhere to land .  newline newline silvia nods , face screwed together as she attempts to understand .  why would you say that , mommy ? it does nt make much sense , you know .  newline newline i start to answer , but suddenly catch myself . why did i say that ? i had nt used plurilon since i was eight , when some kids started bullying me because of it . the message did nt make much sense , either it had just randomly popped into my head as something that had to be said .  i ... honestly have no idea , sweetheart . i guess it ll just be one of those mysteries you know , like where s the cookies i left out here ?  or who in the world could have drawn all over the bathroom wall ?  .  i glance at her , hoping to coerce her into admitting to her crimes . newline newline silvia raised an eyebrow and stopped walking .  mommy , what if it was another life form , talking to us through you ?  she reasoned .  you have to answer back and tell them it s okay to land . if you do nt they re going to die , right ? they did say their ship was damaged .  newline newline i smile , deciding to go along with my little daughter s scheme .  alright , sweetheart , here we go  i begin speaking in plurilon .  wereltekka , surteblus chiibo , suva placerin ulta sagis kell levar kures tain , esso xi sar bellad suva bland savblar .  attention , unidentified spacecraft , please state your names and size of ship , as well as your intentions in coming here .   i begin to translate for silvia , but suddenly another transmission  comes pouring from my mouth instead . newline newline   it s a bit difficult to do the plurilon , so from now on i m just going to say it in  english  , alright ? okay .   we are four members of a small crew , headed by captain sol of our planet , zel . we were sent from our home planet to enslave the master race upon planet terra . our ship is thirty belts wide and twenty belts thick .   newline newline i calculate out the size of their vessel in my head .  thirty belts is about ... oh ! only about six feet ! we could probably have them land right in our backyard !  i begin imagining a whole new brilliant game to play with my daughter . if we were to wrap some blankets around her old play set , we could make it the space ship  and the whole family could play as the aliens , just now landing on earth s surface . i quickly answer  back .   alright , captain sol and crew , you ve been permitted to land . in about 60 wattes , the access point will be in a small backyard which will be safe for you to land in . please wait the appointed time , then make your landing . there will be somebody there to greet you , so please feel welcome to use the facilities connected to the backyard .   newline newline   affirmative .   comes the automatic reply . newline newline grinning giddily to myself , i grab silvia by the hand and run with her back home . there , i tell her to wait in her room for about five minutes , then to come out into the backyard to wait for the aliens to arrive . the rest of the family is assembled  we march outside , lay the blankets on thick , and wait patiently for silvia to come outside . newline newline just as she s opening the screen door , peering out into the yard for signs of life , a great roar comes from the sky . i look up , shocked , to see a massive silver bullet bearing straight down upon us . my eyes widen . dear lord , what have i gotten us into ? i remember the message i had received . glancing around , the graveness of the situation suddenly dawns upon me . enslave the master race ? newline newline i sprint from the fort , grabbing my precious daughter and hurrying in side . my husband and teenage son follow closely behind , confused and disoriented .  quick !  i scream .  run , and do nt look back ! we re in terrible danger !  newline newline it s too late . the ship is upon us . it burrows itself deep into the ground , smoke billowing from where it created a crater in the earth . i look back , terrified , as the ship s door slowly opens . a ghastly , slimey face peers out , pulling itself into a sinister smile when it sees me .   hello , foolish humans . how naive you are . truly .   you re 27 already . you should think about settling down .  they chirped through the receiver wedged between marty s shoulder and ear . the windows of the kitchen are blacked out with newspapers . newline newline  i m too busy , mom . i d have to take them out and eventually move in with them ...  marty drones on , idly making lunch . newline newline  marty , i want grandchildren when i can actually enjoy them and not when i m bound to a wheelchair like your grandparents were .  again , bringing that up . ca nt everyone see that 27 is the prime age for much better things in life than finding a nice civilian to settle down with ? newline newline two sandwiches fit onto the plate marty takes to the living room . newline newline  i just want my little psychopath to be happy with a civilian , is that too much to ask ?  newline newline  just mom , you re a civ . you ll always be one . sometimes a path is nt looking for a civ at all times ...  civilians just do nt understand . especially parents . they just want to have everyone in neat little pairs so that with every comment from a psychopath comes an editing comment from a civilian . newline newline  alright marty . i hope your accomplice has a fun birthday party .  and like that , the line goes dead . marty sets the phone on the coffee table . a single sandwich is picked up . newline newline  your mom telling you to get an accessory still ?  questions doug , lurking in the doorway . as far as marty s mom knows , just a path marty s rooming with . newline newline  just does nt understand i m more of a coconspirator kind of path i suppose .  a sinister smile creeps up marty s face until it spreads to doug s . their laughter , hollow and chilling , fills the room . it eventually dies down until it is just them both and the civilian stapled above the fireplace .growing up with stephen was always an experience . he was nt the brightest fellow , but he always had something to say . it did nt matter if what he said made any sense , he still said it . newline newline  stephen , dude ... did you hear that janine thinks you re cute ?  i turned to him , drinking a bit of my juice . newline newline stephen just stares off in the distance and wipes the drool from his lip  i think you are beautiful .  newline newline  thanks , man . but seriously , janine is the most popular girl in school . are you gon na ask her to prom ?  newline newline  i do nt know . i think about asking her to marry me .  he says , with a sly grin curling from his lips . at this point he s drooling again . newline newline  yeah ... you may want to actually try dating her first . you re only 16 , man .  i try to shrug it off as a joke like i usually do , but i know he s dead set . newline newline  i do nt think so .  yup . he s determined , now . he s going to ask her hand in marriage . i know it . newline newline  so , how are you going to ask her to marry you ?  i looked over and asked . god only knows what kind of crap he s going to come up with . newline newline  are you avoiding the answer ? it s okay if you do nt know .  he looks at me with pure confusion in his face . god dammit , stephen . newline newline  what the hell are you talking about ? i thought that you were going to ask janine to marry you ? change your mind , now ?  i kind of sighed with relief that this was shortlived . newline newline  are you sure you are okay ?  newline newline newline you know what ? screw stephen . roses are three , newline newline violets are five , newline newline and if you want both , newline newline to eight we arrive .  newline newline  newline newline down in my jeans , newline newline i find two green bills  newline newline a five and a one . newline newline my heart quickly stills . newline newline  newline   could six dollars work ?  newline newline i know it s too few ...  newline newline but i m poor , and she s perfect ...  newline newline i d see the debt through !   newline newline  newline newline the shopkeeper thinks , newline newline and mulls for a while , newline newline before he bursts out newline newline in a rapturous smile . newline newline  newline newline  my friend , in the back , newline newline you will find a bouquet ... newline newline take it to her . newline newline not a cent you will pay . newline newline  newline newline  for i see in your eyes , newline newline a love in its prime . newline newline just please , take my gift , newline newline and pay it forward in time . when i was fifteen , my own carelessness gifted me with the greatest gift and largest challenge of my life  my daughter , sarah . since the day of her birth , my family had disapproved of her , and pushed me and her mother to put her up for adoption . three days passed while sarah s mother struggled to grip reality  that she now had a child at such a young age . on the fourth day , she turned 18 . after that , i was a single father , alone to raise sarah . newline newline upon receiving word that sarah s mother was dead , my family never showed sympathy , but only fueled their hatred for sarah and me . a few nights after , i packed what small amount of clothes , money and other items of value i had , bundled up sarah in a small pink blanket , and boarded a bus out of town . sarah lay asleep against me and we headed out into the unknown . newline newline eventually , i was able to rent out a rundown apartment with very cheap rent . i spent the rest of my money on baby clothes , a crib , and some food . i got a job at a local backstreet electronics store and worked there , occasionally smuggling out a tablet or something to sell if i was going to be late on rent . sarah stayed healthy while i slowly became ill , but i refused to ever let anything happen to her . newline newline the day of my own confirmation was a very special day for me . not only had i decided to go on to continue my life , but my daughter , sarah , was turning two years old . although i never even went to the clinic on my 18th birthday , and my choice to live or die was never officially presented to me . instead , i was choosing weather i should bake either a white or a chocolate cake for sarah . i do nt remember which i choose , but that was one of the first times i remember myself smiling since her birth . newline newline many years later , when sarah was six , i finally scraped together enough money to move to a new apartment . i was paranoid that my parents would one day find where i was living , and would try to take sarah from me . my suspicions were confirmed on the day of my move , where as i loading up the old pickup truck with the few things i owned , my parents flew into the parking lot in a sports car . things got violent fast . i do nt remember exactly the events that unfolded , but all i ever dare to think about is that i left the city with my truck and my daughter , and my parents were unable to leave in their own vehicle . sarah told me she did nt remember that day . she was asleep in the truck the entire time . newline newline perhaps the largest challenge was the day that sarah asked me if she had a mother . i had recently landed a good job as a software consultant and was able to enlist her in a private school , and she was making up years of education that she had missed as a child . i was unable to answer her , and she slowly became more and more upset with me . things were uneasy for a while . when she was thirteen , she asked me about my own parents . i told her the entire story of how she was raised , and before long , she was wailing , screaming about how her life was nothing but a mistake and how she wished she was never born . i sat there quietly until she said that she could only wait until her confirmation in only a few short years , and stormed out of the room . she has nt spoken to me since . newline newline i decided i would write this down for everyone who may be in my shoes . life is unfair to us , and some are able to accept their fate better than others . i m sitting outside of the clinic , waiting for sarah to walk back out . today is her 18th birthday . i have never been in the clinic , so i m not sure how long it takes . so , reddit , could you help me out ? is this process supposed to take upwards of six hours ?pink , vermilion , raspberry , turquoise . the world has been a kaleidescope of colour ever since my eyes had been opened . newline newline it happened overnight . i did nt notice anything at first . i went about my usual morning routine of taking a piss and washing up . it was only after walking into the kitchen that i realised something was different . my mom s shadow . it was green . hulk green . newline newline i rubbed my eyes , trying to get rid of the sleep .  mom , your shadow .  i said . she smiled , slightly unconcerned , bringing over a plate of bacon and eggs for me .  yes honey ? what s the matter ?  newline newline  it s green .  i said , taking the plate from her while sitting down . i needed the chair , my knees felt weak . newline newline  do nt be silly honey , shadows are black . i think someone needs more eggies to wakey ! eat up ! you ll be late for school .  she said cheerily , ruffling my unruly hair before leaving the kitchen . newline newline  but it s true .  i mumbled softly to myself . my mind raced furiously as i shoveled food into my mouth . i gave myself a once over , it seemed like everything was normal . i needed more people . i needed to check . newline newline putting my plate into the sink , i walked into the living room to grab my bag .  i m leaving for school mom !  i yelled .  enjoy the day honey !  she said from upstairs before i closed the door and headed out . newline newline it was an explosion of colour . i saw businessmen stride by with shadows bathed in grey and red . young ladies in bubblegum pink . young children with shadows that held a swirl of colours that kept shifting around , almost as if they could nt decide what colour to be . newline newline  whoa ...  my jaw dropped in surprise as i took in the myriad of colours that passed me by . there were colours beyond imagination , colours that i could nt name . newline newline it was only after school that i figured out what i was looking at . souls . my theory was that people were prisms and when light passed through us , the light showed our souls . maybe we could had seen them all along just that we forgot but somehow , i ve managed to reawaken that ability . newline newline that explained why tim was fiery red tinged with blue , a rash bully that hid a fearful interior . why mum was a vivid green , a young lady who was nurturing and kind , trying to do right by her son . newline newline it was such a pleasure to walk through the streets . everywhere i turned , pleasant colours entered my view . however , something was nagging on my mind . something about this morning . my face scrunched up as i searched through my mind to figure out what was so disturbing.that s when it hit me . as i turned back to look at my feet , i could feel chills running up my spine . standing out in stark contrast to the colours ran me by , was the raven black of my shadow , of my soul .she had saved my life all those years ago . newline newline i was on the edge of the building when i saw a girl my age looking at me from across the rooftop . newline newline she s going to give me that talk about life is worth living .  newline newline  it s going to hurt , you know ,  the girl pointed out ,  can you wait before jumping ? i feel like i might have to do a lot of paperwork if you do that in front of me .  newline newline  wait , you do nt care if i m going to jump ?  newline newline she shrugged her shoulders .  i do nt know you .  newline newline  i m daniel .  newline newline i do nt know why i introduced myself to her . maybe i did want somebody to stop me . maybe i needed her to be my savior . newline newline  i m christina .  newline newline she walked over towards me and took out a marker . she leaned in towards me . newline newline  what are you.. ?  newline newline  hold still ,  she muttered as i felt the ink hit my face ,  do nt move .  she finished moments later and nodded . newline newline  check it out .  she tossed me her handheld mirror . i gasped as i looked at what she had drawn . newline newline she had etched a penis onto my forehead . newline newline  what the fuck ?  the whole thing seemed incredulous ,  what was that for ?  newline newline  you killing yourself is a dick move .  she smiled back at me and i had remembered it forever . newline newline even when she helped me through counseling , she had smiled at me . newline newline even after i asked her out , she had smiled at me . newline newline newline for even though i was directionless , she stood by me and believed that i could achieve anything . that i was able to become something . newline newline even at our wedding , she was the only one with a stable job  i , a freelance writer . newline newline after the ceremony , neither of us saw the car . or the driver who had fallen asleep behind the wheel . newline newline it seemed unfair as i watched silently as the men lowered her ornament coffin down into the ground . newline newline my savior light  gone . newline newline despite everything , i had no power to save her . newline newline but a few months later , i realized she would have hated me if i felt sorry for myself . newline newline i had a goal . newline newline a goal to commemorate her in the biggest possible way . newline newline as i was training to go into space , her words guided me . while i was studying for the exams , i even chuckled a little as i remembered how she did nt want to do the paperwork if she had witnessed me kill myself . newline newline several long years later , i shed a tear as i headed out onto a routine moon mission . this was to be my first and last trip as nasa had recently gone through several budget cuts . i understood that i was to collect some soil sample and return . newline newline i had landed on the moon and prepared the rover . newline newline daniel , what are you doing ?  newline newline  just taking it out for a quick spin ,  i whispered back to mission control ,  christina would have wanted this .  newline newline they wanted to stop me , but for some reason , they did nt . newline newline as i finished my imprint on the moon , i noticed the sun shining over the horizon onto a beautiful earth . the very planet christina had convinced me was worth living for . newline newline across the world , people would be waking up to her tribute . newline newline the very same thing she had drawn on my face all those years ago . newline  newline newline i could nt take myself seriously , but i tried . god bless and subscribe to ravukamu if you also dislike cute puppies .you could almost hear the gears turning . almost hear the 2001 music materialize into the background as the ape picked up the ancient rusted hammer from the dirt . that was until his mate smacked him upside the head with one hairy brainduster . newline newline ook !  newline newline he looked at her , but quickly withered in her intense glare . a glare that radiated from her eyes like rabid chihuahuas after a weeklong fast . he looked at the thing he had found in the dirt , the stick with the heavy bit at the end of it , and quickly set it back down . he knew who was boss , and it was nt him . the two apes slowly continued trudging through the dry valley , dimly aware of the rather unhealthy glow that is starting to show itself in the twilight . the other apes did that . he could nt understand how or why the other apes removed themselves from the land with their fire and great mushrooms . but hey , he now had a third arm to scratch his butt with , so it could nt be all bad now could it ?it had been twenty freakin minutes and the car in front of me had nt moved an inch . add that to the hour it took me to get that far . it s enough to drive a person mad . whether that happened is up for debate . newline newline normally my commute took thirtyfive minutes , fortyfive , max . i was on track for a twohour drive home . my heart tightened as my hands gripped the wheel furiously . why could nt i just be home already ? eating dinner , making dinner , hell , even taking out the trash would be better than moving nowhere . newline newline once i had eaten dinner , taken out the trash , and let myself unwind with some television , i could have drop my head to my pillow and let all the frustrations of the day soothe away slow newline newline beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeppppppp .  newline newline  ahhhhhhhhhhhhh !  i yelled at the top of my lungs .  gawdamsunavabitfuknuts !  newline newline i slammed the shift into park and kicked my door open , still screaming jumbled obscenities as loud as i could . as i directed my anger toward the sky , i felt a calmness build up inside me . it started from my legs and worked its way up from there . looking back down , i found there were no cars around anymore . there was nothing around anymore . my feet were no longer touching the ground  i was floating twenty feet above the highway . newline newline was i dreaming ? did i finally lose it ? i did nt care . i extended my arms out in front of me and zoomed away toward home .he d been struggling a long time . newline newline it was nt depression that got him , that he could handle the sadness , the fear , the hopelessness . it was nt the pain . it was the lack of pain . it was when he stopped feeling , when the world seemed grey and he was numb all over , numb to the marrow of his bones . newline newline he used to walk the streets at night when insomnia got him he had nt dreamed for years . he was looking for something , though he did nt know what , but even as he searched he had the deep , dreadful certainty that he would never find it . newline newline he wandered to the subway station , wandered to the train , wandered to the ledge , the finality of his every step was not lost on him . he looked , for a moment , at the tracks . discarded gum , cigarette butts , newspaper scraps , a pencil . it seemed fitting . newline newline he did nt hesitate . newline newline he looked up at the metal beast hurtling toward him , and for a moment the world was all blinding light and deafening sound and screaming colour , and he died having felt something .  newline newline he did nt leave a note . newline newline i wish i could tell you his name , but i do nt know it . we never do . every day i see him crouching by a heating grate , leaning off a balcony , walking with his head down , sleeping on newspapers in freezing streets . he s everywhere , and nowhere . he has nothing and nobody , and he s drifting , unmoored , floating in numbness and the frigid dark . we ve all seen him but none of us remember his face . newline newline he was the lost , the broken , the left behind  the cornered , the hopeless , the resigned . he had no choice . he was the dead . newline newline he was the wounded deer and the hunter , the man on the tracks and the barreling train that crushed him . newline newline he was me . he was you . he was all of us , and all of us are him . newline newline  newline newline edit : my subreddit is rsushideception if you d like to read more of my work .it took all her effort to make the 34 steps from her front door to the taxi . the ride to the hospital was too short for rest . newline newline as she shuffled into the sterile white room she sighed . so many tubes . so much noise . so little peace . newline newline but this was the life that he had chosen . newline newline he sat in the colorful gown she had made him , tethered to an army of machines . newline newline he did nt notice her at first . newline newline his gaze embarked without purpose on a routine pilgrimage from the nearest readout to the winter window to the eternal television , and then settled for a space at a sacred spot on the opposite wall . newline newline  alex .  newline newline she spoke his name with a tenderness that made the hardened nurse want to make a phone call . newline newline at the sound of her soft voice , his face rose like a wilting flower watered .  mom ! i m so glad you came !  newline newline  i have nt missed a day in the last fourteen months ,  she said briskly . even her pause seemed brisk .  so . how many lives have you saved today ?  newline newline  sixteen .  newline newline  that s wonderful , sugar plum . how many tomorrow ?  newline newline  we ll see about tomorrow .  newline newline after a space his smile crumbled . newline newline  i wish you d let me save yours .  he could nt keep the drops of sorrow from welling in his throat , and his voice wavered , drowned in a sea of wanting . newline newline this time it was her face that softened . craggy lines fell into felt folds .  i know you do , sweetheart . but it s my time .  newline newline  time does nt matter anymore !  newline newline  it does to me ,  she said simply .  i m tired . i want to rest . i want to go .  newline newline the nurse removed herself to make her phone call . the bent old lady shifted her cane to her other hand . the son wept . newline newline  alex , tell me you understand .  newline newline  i do . i understand . i love you .  newline newline  i love you more .  newline newline  goodbye ?  newline newline  goodbye .  newline newline she labored to turn , and with a lingering look she left his room for the last time . newline newline she went home to rest . newline newline alex fell back against his pillows and sobbed . he cried , inconsolable , like a baby for its mother . he felt for the first time that death could be a friend . newline newline forever is a long time .the religious groups and antisynths clashed outside . in the commotion , the fences were overrun . as the torrential crowd began toward the patria institute , the armed guards were helpless to act . short of a massacre , nothing was going to stop them from reaching her . newline newline the band of wayfarers moved quickly through the halls . gunfire was beginning to break out as they reached her room . paige was watching the carnage unfold outside and turned around with a yelp as the door opened . three of the wayfarers entered , the remaining four took up a defensive position outside . newline newline  we ask that you come with us . we will guarantee your safety ,  the wayfarer in the center spoke as he removed his hood . newline newline paige was stunned . considering the temperament of the mob outside , she thought she would be torn apart by the limbs tonight . violent mob or the old man in front of her , great options .  what about my son ?  newline newline  female . she will be safe , her training will be strenuous , but her genetics will make it tolerable . her safety is guaranteed .  newline newline  female ? it s a clone .  paige was only the surrogate but she had always heard the doctors refer to it as a boy . newline newline  they extracted two sets of male dna from the shroud and synthesized a female from the x chromosomes of each . this is the child you carry . we will have more time to explain but we must move now ,  the wayfarer was firm .  if you did not know , it is likely that you never would have . she will be half christ .  newline newline paige considered everything for a moment . glancing behind her , it looked as if the crowd had backed off but was still hurling brickbats over the bodies on the lawn . looking back to the wayfarer she nodded and followed him as he moved through the door . ... and i guess i have been quite the dick all that time . thanks for listening .  newline newline  hi , i m not a dick , i m richard  , he said looking around for people laughing at his joke  no one did .  well , i guess i m not funny either . but that s not why i m here anyways . i m addicted to candy  especially dick s cream pie .  screaming laughter from a guy in the back of the room  he was watching some kind of funny video on his phone , you could faintly hear the sound when the room was as silent as it was right now . newline newline no one was really paying any attention to what richard was saying anyways . except for the michelin man running this meeting . that guy was wearing one of those odd white top hats that french cooks like to wear . and he was constantly scratching himself with a big wooden spoon .  fat fuck would nt be able to get his butt scratched any other way anyways , right ?  again no one paid any attention to richard s story , the counsellor mindlessly continued to scratch his hardtoreach behind . newline newline  chocolatey goodness coming out of it . real creamy stuff . the kind you just want to live off of .  the guy behind mr. mcscratchy started clapping , only to be reminded by absolute silence that it was nt time for that just yet . who claps at a candy addicts anonymous meeting anyways . and for a cream pier at that . someone yelled ,  you suck , dick !  . it was that obese lady draped in velvet and sitting on that kind of scooter they only make for people like her . she had to catch her breath and grabbed a halfeaten snickers bar from the shopping cart next to her . newline newline  fuck it , i m done .  richard stormed off to the next exit . he tried to at least , as he stopped at the buffet for a creamfilled donut and a coffee with cream of course . again clapping from that one guy . this time though a few other people joined in . richard took a seat in the back and ate his assortments of creambased things . the spoon man continued scratching . a guy on crutches made his way to the front while trying to keep his candy cigar between his lips .  hi , i am an addict and fuck you , dick !  laughter all around .you meet the most interesting people are at the park . phil loved it . the sights , sounds , smells . he also loved the third park bench from the fountain . it had perfect lighting . he was finishing a piece he planned to name  the baglady  when a tiny poke nudged his arm . he peered though a cloud of pastel dust to find a beautiful little girl . newline newline  hi ,  she said , knocking her knobby knees together ,  what s that ?  newline newline  a drawing ,  phil gave her a light smile and continued putting in the final touches . newline newline  that lady ?  she pointed . newline newline  yes  newline newline  she s pretty  she said with a giggle . newline newline phil looked back at the whole of his drawing . he was unsure of her age but the wrinkles and spots told of a hard life . her clothes were soiled and torn , yet she did have a stillness in her eyes that had drawn phil in . in a way , she was pretty . he smiled to himself . newline newline  can i tell you a secret ?  she blurted out as she sat down beside him . he shifted his pencil box over and turned to put his feet on the ground . he continued working and she started again . newline newline  you like nature ?  newline newline  yes  he said without making eye contact . newline newline  she is sick .  newline newline  sick ? what is wrong ?  he blew another pastel puff out into the air . newline newline  she told me she has a fever ? mother nature is sick .  newline newline he furrowed his brow . the most interesting people , he thought . he scanned the playground beyond hoping to spot a searching mother or a concerned , scouting father . no such luck . newline newline  how do we make her better ?  he said , trying to sound uninterested . newline newline  she said  she crawled up the back of the park bench and stood beside him ,  we need to leave her alone .  newline newline he shook his head at the silliness of it until he felt something new . it was nt a nudge this time . it was colder . he turned to look at her . newline newline  if we go away she gets better ,  she pressed the barrel of the pistol against his forehead . newline newline  what are ...  newline newline  time to go away  she smiled . newline newline newlinethe bedside clock is flashing 12:00 , must have been another power outage . i get up and judging from the darkness i m guessing it s about three in the morning . my house is a wreck . i have nt cleaned it in months . whatever , like it matters . making my way to the bathroom a discarded set of car keys finds their way into the bottom of my foot . i swear . the light in the bathroom comes on with a  ping  as i let go of the tiny string that controls it . the face i see in the mirror looks tired . i lean over the sink and give my chin a good rub . i reach down and pick up my mustache comb . it was a gift to me from my father before he passed away . prior to that i never had any facial hair , i hated growing it . it s so itchy . but after he died , i dunno . i guess it s a way for me to remember him . i pick up the comb and run it through the bristly hair on my lip a few times . do nt know what it is but doing that always relaxes me . back to bed and i m asleep like a cat laying in the sun . newline newline the sun wakes me up . i may have been a bit too catlike , i slept half the day away ! curses , i ca nt seem to make my limbs move fast enough as i m trying to jam my arms into my coat and shovel my feet into my shoes . the boss is nt going to be happy about this . i grab my tiny comb and throw it in my briefcase before bolting out the door . newline newline lucky for me i had a good parking space . in another minute i was in my car and pulling out onto the street . traffic was bad . i could nt see far up ahead but right in front of me there was a whole line of cars that were nt moving . newline newline i turn on the radio . nothing but people talking . i hate radio dj s , they try so hard to be edgy but all they do is sound like assholes . i wish someone would just say something real . god why is there no good music anymore ? whatever , i ll just leave it on npr . i leave my hand on the radio dial just in case i need to change it . there s a guy talking about the local zoo . i try to pay attention but i m distracted by all the people outside yelling . newline newline i look up and see most of the people on the interstate have abandoned their cars . i look around and swear . there s no way i m getting to work now . fortunately i did nt have very long to wonder what my boss is going to do to me as the ground beneath my car begins to shake . i look up and hurtling towards me is a giant bright pink elephant . i blink . i swear . i swear again . newline newline the locks in my car have this way of not opening when you really want them to . it s like they know when you re experiencing urgent panic and they think it s really funny if you ca nt get out when you need to go to the bathroom or you re trying to get out during a heatwave so you can get inside a nice air conditioned building . newline newline the giant pink elephant is about four cars away from me and i m on the losing end of a thumb war with the damn door lock . i can feel the shudder of a car s frame crumbling beneath the weight of the elephant s massive foot . one of the beast s toes  if i can call them that , do elephants have toes ? i do nt remember ever studying elephants in my high school biology class  looks to be about the size of shaquille oneal . it takes the elephant being almost on top of me for my mind to truly understand the scale of the thing . newline newline finally my car seems to understand how dire the situation is as the locks relinquished their hold on the door . i spill out onto the street just as the leathery house crushes my car like a frat boy crushing an empty beer can . newline newline i run . i run until i ca nt hear the elephant s terrible screams any more . i run until i m miles away from the devastation . i run home and i run up all 5 flights to my apartment . i grab my spare key from above the door frame and i m inside and i dive underneath my bed . newline newline i never did learn what happened with that pink elephant . everyone just sorta seemed to act like it never happened . a few days later a towtruck showed up to my house with my smashed up car . i tried to get my briefcase out but it was a lost cause . newline newline i guess i ll have to find a new comb . newline newline i tried to tell her that i love her , but she had already let go of the rail .  well , that  s that , i guess  he shrugged as the blue spaceship took off . newline he wasn  t really sure how he missed it , either . or any of the ships , really . for the past 3 months , the 4 giant spaceships have been flying in and out , with news reports absolutely everywhere telling the people of earth to get on them whenever you saw them , as soon as you could . he tried , you know . first week in , he got an alert from the app on his phone that one , the red one , had landed about 2 hours away . he tried getting an ber , the public bus system , a taxi , but as always , all structure of society diminished as soon as they arrived : everyone just wanted to board it asap . he attempted to steal a bike to get to it , but he knew it was useless as time passed and he couldn  t get the lock to budge  by bike it would take him longer to get there than the ships waited anyway . newline newline this pattern persisted , with news reports becoming even more urging to get on them . more apps to notify of their presence became available . he started carrying a tiny saw to cut the lock of bikes , and studied the instructions that were now available online everywhere on how to start the cars that were left abandoned after every spaceship visit . absolutely everyone carried a gobag with them absolutely all the time . he did too . newline newline he remembers thinking during this time that people really are like sheep : where in the beginning people were skeptical , after a week or 2 of these giant , stateoftheart , flying , socalled spaceships randomly showing up and scooping up people , no one wanted to be left behind . but noone was really sure either where they were going , either . if everyone else went , i should go too , right ? newline newline now he is just staring at the lack of dots on the map in his app . and his other app . and the other app . no matter what app he looked at , none of them showed any dots indicating the presence of a ship anymore . after the first month , ships had stopped coming to europe . after the second , the americas were left unvisited . for the last two weeks , only subsaharan africa had seen the ships , but not even the green one anymore . their appearances have been more and more focused on just southafrica , then cape town over the last week .  and here i am , a lucky bugger to live in cape town , yet unlucky enough to have missed absolutely every ship in the past 3 fucking months  . newline newline as the reality dawned on him , he started grumbling . sure , he had been a bit sarcastic about the whole ordeal . the media , all of them worldwide , telling us that  new information  had become available and it would be  in our best interest  to go . it seemed ridiculous . most of his friends , family , acquaintances , hell , even fellow countrymen , had now boarded these ships off to whoknowswhere . probably never to be seen again . this was history , and he was part of it . he just wasn  t sure what part of it  good or bad side ? will the ones that went  boarders , as they were referred to  ever come back to earth ? will they create a new society somewhere ? will they become part of an already existing one ? where did those fucking ships come from anyway ? no one ever had any information , just instructions to board ! why would he ? ! i mean , apart from the whole  basically no one left in the country nowthing  , off course . then again , it is kinda cool to board a spaceship and fly off to the unknown many a book is written on precisely that story line . newline newline he opened his app again . no dots . same for the other apps . more sighs as he tried to figure out how he was feeling about this . or what to do now , anyway . should he join those nutcases that refused to board and instead were doomsdayprepping ? try his best to continue life as he had known it , despite society having fallen apart ? perhaps go to europe ? there were still many people left in europe , as they had only had about a month to board and not everyone could pay for a planeticket  those prices skyrocketed pretty quickly when the ships stopped coming to europe . maybe now they will drop again ? newline newline evening had fallen , and he realized it had gotten cold . he took a random car home , and started cooking some soup . then the doorbell rang . newlinethe pictures , the rover transmissions , the footage ... none of it had done any justice to this being . the creature stood over victor , tall as a cottonwood tree and with lateroids that matched the wingspan of a biplane . it could tear victor to shreds in a matter of seconds , he was sure of it . he weighed much less here than on earth , but his legs quivered as if they supported a mountain . deep breaths . newline newline eleven years in a space transport leaves you with a lot of time to think . so much time that victor could ve sworn he d solved all the questions to the universe , only to forget them when he first laid eyes on the beast . it did nt seem possible . all of human history , every battle fought , every grain harvested , every disease resisted , every desire to explore , every bit of knowledge passed on , it had all made us the kings of our own world . after thousands of years of blood , sweat and tears , we finally came across another civilization , perched on a little moon called gaio iv , that had watched over us all this time . newline newline victor shifted his feet in the alien sand . judging by the studies , the creature over him now was a youth , about one fifth into the average lifespan for its kin . victor thought of his daughter back home . she was sixteen now , a young , eager mind with the whole universe ahead of her . he let himself relax . newline newline carefully , slowly , the creature lowered until it rested on the joints of its mighty appendages . its black eyes held on victor s green eyes . victor s fear had been nothing but an evolved reaction to the unknown , after millennia of learning to survive and thrive on the harsh world from which he came . and now , it left his mind . the child extended its arm toward him , and with the most gentle movement , rested one of its two fingers on victor s shoulder . victor clasped the child s arm with his right hand and nodded . after a serene , eternal moment of silent connection , the child stood and turned to walk with the kings of its world .there s electricity in my blood . i  m a lineman , like my dad , like his dad , like his . you go back far enough and maybe my great great great grandpa was an oldfashioned pioneer , trekking without purpose , but as far back as i know , my lineage is tethered by power lines . newline newline when the pioneers of today went silent , they said it had to be the lines . they wouldn  t just fall off the grid , they said . they wouldn  t just cut us off . newline newline and yet . newline newline it  s not like we have one row of poles running out into the distance . they falleverything falls eventuallybut there are rows and rows of poles with miles beyond number of lines . it  s near impossible for all of them to fall at once . newline newline that  s what i told them , but i know that they had to blame someone . politics . the easy answer is one that you can actually conceive of . newline newline when the outposts started going silent , one after the other after the other , the politicians had no choice but to revise . they were going silent in reverse orderfarthest first . officially , it  s a pulse of some kind . a slowmoving electric storm that  s causing interference along the lines . newline newline could be it  s our fault that we can  t see what it is already . we use generators to make our power , to send our messages and drive our machines that churn up the ground so that we can make more machines to make more power . we spread farther and farther . we  ve clogged up the air . if it were crystal clear you could see miles and miles and miles . you could see three outposts in either direction from the roof of one . now you can  t see anything . birds fly in and out of the smog , directionless . stupid . newline newline the charge at the top of the pole i  m on is fine . no fluctuations . i check the message box and it says another outpost has gone silent . they were on edge . they were ready to tell us as soon as whateveritis that  s coming our way hit them . newline newline nothing . newline newline i pass caravans by day and night , heading east . expecting i don  t know what . there  s a different kind of electricityone that doesn  t need lines and poles . a current that floats both behind and in front of the air itself . it makes the hairs on my arms and neck stand up , and it tells me that something is coming . it  s subliminal to some , making them shy away . making them run . newline newline i pass people and they say , don  t go that way . head east . get away . newline newline but they don  t understand . i have to follow the lines . the electricity that repels them , it calls to me . maybe this storm or whatever it is , maybe it will be all right with me , see me as an equal . newline newline i climb down the pole and my feet hit the dirt again , grounding me . i look east . i really , truly consider turning around . but i head west anyway . newline newline i  ll find the storm or it will find me .the procedure was painless . i would lay on the cold , steel table and stare at the ceiling . i would count the the pockmarks and specks of dirt on its surface as the technician sat on my right , doing whatever she did with her equipment . i would go over the memory in my mind as they worked , knowing it was the last time that i would ever recall that particular moment . newline newline this time , however , was different . this was my last excellent grade memory . they were others that floated around my consciousness but they were low grade and unclear , mostly just vague impressions . they were like songs that got stuck in your head : you could remember small parts but never the whole song and usually repeated the only part you could remember over and over until it drove you insane . newline newline this particular memory was one i had promised myself to never sell . it had been a perfect day , one of the happiest i could even recall now . every detail stood out in sharp relief to the fuzzy quality of all my other memories . the crisp whiteness of her dress as it shimmered in the early evening sunset , catching the oranges and red of the sun . the laughter of our families mingling as they drank bubbly champagne . the smells of her perfume wafting into my nostrils as she leaned close and the feeling of the air tickling my ear as she whispered secrets into my ear . the completeness of that day had made it untouchable . until now . newline newline i swung my feet up on the steel table , my paper gown crinkling with every movement . as i laid my head on the table and my eyes stared back up at that familiar ceiling , i went over that memory , those moments in my mind . scenes flashed behind my eyes and i closed them tightly . i knew that this was the last straw and after this last memory , everything would be different . newline newline the tech started her work , random beeping noises and sounds of her movements occurring behind me as i recalled the memory for the last time . as the moments of that day became blurry and unclear , a vacant feeling washed over me . my chest felt heavier and heavier . in the back of my mind , the beeps and whirs of the machinery behind me became louder and more urgent . the room seemed to shake and whirl before my eyes . newline newline and then the procedure was over . i changed my clothes in the booth and walked to the front desk to collect my cheque . it was a quick transaction and then i was out on the street , walking to nowhere . newline newlineachilles newline newline i said before that sunday was the worst day of the week . it drones on , with every second boring into your soul , reminding you of every sin and every mistake . my sins were many , and my mistakes were costly . that sunday afternoon , though , i thought back , past the warehouse and its deceased inhabitant , past the mistake that led there , past the shitty bungalo and its small television , possibly still on . did they ever check the house ? maybe the family still pays the bills , oblivious to my departure . past even that phone call from mother , the last word i d heard from her . i thought back , past every mistake , every gunshot , right to the beginning . dwelling on the past , they say , makes you sad . the only thing the past is good for is catching up with you . maybe that s what i waited for . regardless , i sat there , drinking one last brandy , as the doorbell rang . i stood up , opened the door , knew what i d find . a barrel , maybe a double . a smiling face , an old friend . a reminder of what i d left . so , i was shocked when i saw the face of the solicitor , standing there , holding his pamphlets . in shock , i heard the words come out of his lips .  it s all for a good cause . i might as well be god , i m that powerful . if the world knew about my capabilities or the source of the universe s various kinks , there would be a religion based on me . but unfortunately i m not god , because god does not have weaknesses , he is all powerful . newline newline we built this city by starship starts playing on the radio . i immediately tried changing the station . i hate starship . crap , its not changing for some reason . i just turned it off . newline newline i stopped and parked near a cafe to get my morning coffee . as much as i am pretty much omnipotent , i still need caffeine to keep me invested in my life . as i walked into the cafe , i realised toto s rosanna was blasting through the speakers . no , argh ! i walked out and stopped to catch my breath . fuck toto , i think there s a starbucks around the corner instead . i hate starbucks , but i need my coffee . newline newline i walk over to starbucks to see a long line inside . i opened the door and queued up . justin bieber s latest hit s playing . not the best song to listen to at 8am , but its better than fucking toto . i reached the counter . newline newline  morning . can i just have a medium dark roast ?  newline newline i paid for my coffee and headed for the cream and sugar counter . as i was ripping open sugar packets , a familiar norwegian drum beat starts playing . crap , fuck , i need to get out of here . the keyboards are coming . i fumbled to put the cap on and quickly pushed my way through all the people . newline newline i quickly sat down on a small table outside . this is too much for one morning . i can hear it playing as someone opens the door . newline newline   take ... ..on ... ..me ... ..take ... ..me ... ..on ... ..   newline newline i quickly stood up again and started walking towards my car . i have errands to get to . newline newline getting into my car and placing my coffee into the cupholder , i started the engine . i took a deep breath . hmm , maybe they re playing something else on the radio now . i turned it on . newline newline   do nt you want me , baby ! do nt you want me oooooohhhh ! !   newline newline no ! fuck s sake . what is this , fucking 80 s week ? its pain to my brain . i feel too weak to drive now . i need to lie down somewhere . newline newline right then , a guy walks past with a giant boombox blasting music . newline newline   i m walking on sunshine , woahhhhh ! ! !   newline newline i looked at him .  hey asshole , fuck you !  newline newline newline newlinei pulled the vines free from the old , wooden door . the runes that decorated them were worn down by time . i traced my hand over the etchings , appreciating the beauty of their form , wishing i could appreciate their meaning . newline newline the sun , just reaching it apex , shone down through the lush green canopy above me . but save for the breathing of my horse , the forest was eerily silent . newline newline at last i push in the doors , their creaks and groans threatening to unloose them from their hinges . i pulled my horse across the threshold , hoping that if any of the old gods still watched over this temple that they would not mind . to be safe , i made a solemn vow to offer a sacrifice at the altar , should i manage to find some game in this silent forest . as we walked down the center nave , his hoofs clopped sharply on the stone , muffled when they landed on moss . newline newline we traced our way around the fallen remnants of the roof , corroded cauldrons , and dilapidated benches . in some places , entire sections of wall had gave way , but this place was still far safer than any encampment in the woods . newline newline my horse whinnied as we reached a shallow reflected pool and i loosed the reins from my grip so he could take a draught of water from the clear pool . i leaned against a tree which rose up nearby , stretching so high that the branches at the top supported what was left of the ceiling overhead . it s thick roots weaved throughout the temple , displacing the stone floor with their growth . nature herself slowly reclaiming what had been lost to war and time . newline newline when my horse had drank his fill , i pulled him further inside . at the end of the temple , by the altar , i found a large animal hide pinned to a stone column , with a rotted length of rope pulled through a hole in the hide at the other end . and a ring of stones with a cold bed of coals . upon the altar , the yellowing skull of a deer , neatly placed . newline newline i tied my horse to a rusting ring set in the column , and strew fresh barley and oats on a bed of at his feet . from atop the saddle , i removed my precious cargo , carefully cradling the child in my arms . she stirred from sleep , and gazed up at me with dark eyes , giggling as i brushed her first locks of hair . newline newline  here , my darling daughter , we shall make our home .  hi.  newline newline she smiled .  where  ve you been ?  newline newline  traffic wasn  t the best.  i shrugged , smiling rather sheepishly .  at least i  m here now , right ?  newline newline  i suppose i can  t be too mad.  she dipped a finger into her drink , stirring .  so what exactly are we going to do now ?  newline newline i sidled closer , and rested a hand on her knee .  i could think of a few things to pass the time.  newline newline she smirked at that , and pressed her wet finger against my forehead .  if you could , behave yourself for once , mister forever and a day tardy . we  ve hardly said a word to one another , and already you act so ambitious  newline newline i shot her a grin , and leaned forward , my lips just barely brushing against hers . newline newline her eyes locked with mine , and she leaned forward , her body and lips pressing against mine .  always so impatient ,  she whispered in between kisses , a slight gasp escaping her lips with every touch . newline newline i chuckled lightly at the playful admonition , and wrapped my arms around her , our kisses silencing further conversation newline newline         newline newline an : something a bit more playful , and more ... storyish .i was so happy to have won our first basketball game of the season . my coach have nt a high five but in that moment of contact i felt like i knew that i was going to get cut . i did nt know how i knew but somehow i hair felt it.i just thought it was a random thought and continued to call my mom to pick me up . she gives me a hug and congratulates me but upon contact i get a strange feeling that i m getting a divorce ... i did nt know what that strangely specific thought meant . i asked my mom  are you getting a divorce ?  i knew i struck a nerve because at that instant she looked at me with a face that was filled with fright and emotion .  umm no , why do you think that ?  tears are streaming down her cheeks as she drives down the highway back to our house and she wipes them with the sleeve of her shirt .  ok fine , yes ! your dad and i are splitting up .  i was right . i had felt my parents drift apart for some time but i did nt think it would ever get this bad . but how had i known it was going to happen . i get home and go straight to my room . i text my girlfriend about my parents but i do nt mention what i felt and she says  ohh i m so sorry for you . but i have to go to sleep cya tomorrow  after that hasty departure i decide to get some sleep aswell . i wake up and head to school . my coach calls me to the side during our athletics period and tells me  listen , your a great morale booster but you are nt helping this team so your cut .  it happens again . i do nt know what to say because i m shocked that i predicted 2 things already . i tell him  thank you  and walk off , not focusing on anything in particular . i go to my next class and try and test out a hypothesis . i shake my teachers hand long and hard before entering the class room and instantly i know what this lesion is about . now i ve never been a math kid but in that lesson , i saw a side of math that made me admire it s beauty and intricacy . this is fantastic . my math teacher is astonished when i am able to answer every one of his question . i got to my next class , english , and give my teacher a big hug before the bell rings . this was marvelous ! i found out what the next test was going to have , what books we will read and what they are about . this is amazing . in those moments of contact i am able to deduce everything about anyone . i walk the halls with this newfound sense of understanding as i brush by each individual . i feel a lot of things : hate towards capitalism , anxiety towards asking some girl out , a couple i walk by feels particularly in love . i go straight to my girlfriend and give her a big hug . i then have a moment of shock .  i m breaking up with you  i say before she can beat me to it . i walk away , leaving her in tears but they are nt real because i knew she was in love it s someone else . someone who she texted last night about how bad her current boyfriend , me , was . i knew that i should put my power to good use to i go by every teacher and get as much knowledge as i can . i learn so much about he world that i never even thought possible . i then try and go for more important targets but there is no way i m going to get to some of the richest people yet . so i start planning out how i will get to them and take their money or invest in the right stocks at the right time but for now i have to report mr.wright for having an intimate relationship with one of the students . relax emily , it s going to be okay . i need you to breathe .  newline  what the hell ? ! get the hell away from me !  newline  it s me , i m you emily .  newline  i can see that ! what the hell are you doing here ? ? ?  newline newline  i m from the past em . i m the ten year old you .  newline emily tried to breathe , but she could nt really . newline  how ...  she said between labored breaths ,  did you get here ?  newline  i do nt what you mean . i just closed my eyes . i m dreaming right now .  newline  so let me get this straight , you just started to dream and ended up here ?  newline  yes that s right.  newline  so what happens now ? why did you come here ?  newline  i do nt know for sure . i have a feeling you know why .  newline  does it look like i know why ?  the 20yearold emily shivered . remembering the way she felt at ten years old was not easy . the more she thought about it , the more she began to reminisce . she reflected on her life and became softer . newline  so what s happening right now in your life em ?  newline  i m going to school at beauclerc elementary ... i am in mr. gibbons  ms. monday s and ms. bruce s class . they are so nice . they are really good teachers .  newline  i remember them . they are great teachers .  newline  i am going to be in the reading book parade soon .  newline  i remember that too , mr. gibbons is going to put dirt in your hair and ask you to wear his tattered old button down shirt .  newline  he will ?  newline  yes . so what is going on with youri mean our mom ?  newline  she is okay . i just told libby mccain that she sets all of her problems on my shoulders . i feel scared that she s going to find out that i told someone about our secret . she has always told me to never tell anyone the secret of all the things she tells me . i do nt know i ca nt deal with it . i try to tell her my feelings but they jsut get swallowed up .as humans , we believed we were independent . that we controlled the course of our own lives . so when the overlords we did nt know we had came to collect us , we felt defiant . and scared . newline newline newline everything we thought we knew about the universe was wrong . our far fetched theories of how we were made were cast aside . instead of the big bang , we had been told we were only lab specimens . seeded were the exact words they used . newline newline newline this statement only pushed our thoughts of defiance and independence to knew levels . in fact , we were blinded with rage . we threw everything we had at them . maybe that s what led to our downfall . our militaries were swatted aside like flies . newline newline newline wreckage rained from the skies . our petty war lasted a day . earth weeped for the loss of the its rights . we were prepared to be enslaved , or even annihilated as a whole . newline newline newline instead , after losing our war , we were cast into a new war . we had to fight for the aliens that had conquered us . the overlords told us that we either fight , or our children would be burned . we either fight , or our home planet would be mined until it was a carcass of its former self . newline newline newline so we did the only thing we could . we fought . the have sent us away with their technology to fight a war that was meaningless to us . we fought a war knowing that we were meaningless . well , that changes now . newline newline newline it s been five hundred years since our enslavement . in five hundred years we have learned to come together . we have learned how to use their technology . we have begun to make pacts with other enslaved aliens . we have regained the will to fight . and not their war . our war . newline newline newline and as i send this message , we are already preparing the engines , prepping the guns . we are already changing the course of our ships toward the empire . newline newline newline so let the date not be five hundred years since enslavement . let today be the first day humans have learned how to choose their path in life . let today be the day the revolution began ! newline newline  newline i hope you like the story ! i do nt usually do writing prompts often , so go easy on me . newline newlinethe animals were unusually quiet in this isolated patch of an unnamed wood . no crickets with their cacophonous melody , no owls with their sporadic rhythm . the only sounds were the sometimes quiet scrape of metal on dirt as the shovel monotonously broke the earth and the not so quiet rustling of a large industrial garbage bag . the two figures glanced at each other , seeing only the vague outlines of their silhouettes . it was a knowing glance , and it lasted only a split second . newline newline the strong one only wondered when his task would be over , for digging a big enough hole was much more effort than he had believed . newline newline the smart one was trying to figure out the best way tie up with garbage bag that would minimize its exposure to the elements . she was lucky that she could not see what she was wrapping . newline newline the dead one just lay there , waiting forever for its two friends to finish their task . newline newline in the distance , something howled .terrence was smarter than the average demon but was tall and thin with drooped shoulders . this would have been fine if he were a human , but his stick like figure reminded the other demons of a time when food had been more scarce and the children had been a little less demanding . terrence leered over people in demeanour and stature and that was probably why he had been pushed by the system into the complaints department , where he could be hidden in the back offices of ritual holdings plc . newline newline  terrence  newline newline  terrance !  newline newline  what ? !  growled terrance as he snatched at the handset . newline newline  i thought i better let you know you have two more summoning s booked in for before lunch  sang his manager . newline newline  wonderful  terrence retorted . newline newline  you know you do nt have to speak to me li  terrence had already put the phone down . newline newline he stood , fought his suit into a more respectable shape and promptly walked into the fireplace . newline newline  i am the lord of darkness and prince of the night , how may i best serve you ?  terrence muttered as he swayed around trying to see his summoner . newline newline the chanting and smoke faded . the small dingy room was devoid of the normal putrifaction that so many of these edgy teenagers loved to decorate their bedrooms in . newline there was no sign of anyone and instinctively terrence looked down at his feet to see the caramelised remains of becky williams lightly bubbling over his shoes . newline newline  why would you sit inside the bleeding pentagram  terrence shrieked . newline newline no doubt this would again be his fault , he could almost hear his managers crowing already . newline newline newline newline newline newline newlinewarning . slightly nsfw  newline newline the creature slowly opened its eyes , and despite their thick lashes , felt a jolting pain in them from the bright overhead lights . it hurt all over . aching filled its bones , and an odd itching burn crisscrossed its skin . despite this , it managed to draw a deep , shuddering breath into its massive chest . there was an odd heaviness to it , accompanied by an equally strange lightness in other places . it felt as if parts of it had been intentionally overbuilt while others were almost laughably delicate . the most disconcerting part was that it had no idea how it knew that these bodily dimensions were so bizarre . it had no frame of reference , no memory of any other physicality than this . yet somehow it knew . newline newline the pain subsided a bit and it groaned in relief with a voice that also seemed odd . immediately a shadow moved to its left and soon the face of an disconcertingly little man appeared . he looked down at the newborn , letting his gaze travel the length of its body . the creature immediately felt self conscious , and moved to cover its nakedness with its hands , but it was frightened to discover that they were tightly bound down . a quick shift of its body revealed similar restraints around its ankles , waist , and neck . it was frightened , angry , and wanted to protest , but its mouth felt too strange to work correctly . the lips felt too large , and the overall width of the opening felt too narrow . the teeth also felt overly precise in their size , shape , and placement . when it clenched its jaw , it could feel the bite align perfectly , but had no idea what that meant . newline newline  sssshhhh ...  , the weird little man crooned in a thickly accented voice .  your master will be here in a moment . he had to take care of a few last minute details  , and the he continued to gaze down at the creature in a way that filled it with loathing and indignance . eventually the odd little man moved away again and the surface it was laying on abruptly tilted . the cool metal of the table felt cold under its skin as it came up into nearly a standing position . before it stood a large door , and within moments a tall , dark haired man with passionate eyes strode confidently through it . immediately , the creature felt a bond ... a longing for the man . he made everything feel safer , quieter , and more accepting . newline newline  well , you certainly look healthy  , he declared as he drew closer and drew a small black wand from his pocket that he used to shine another painful light into it s eyes . the creature blinked heavily , and let out a small whimper . all of this was so overwhelming . it had so many questions , but did nt even know how to ask yet . so it settled for maintaining eye contact with the dark haired man , who reacted by reaching out and stroking the creatures head . the touch filled it with bliss , and immediately it felt a love for the man blossom as he spoke  do nt worry , i know this is all a lot to take in right now . so just relax and let me take care of you . you re going to be fine . he then turned to the smaller man who had never once taken his eyes off of the creature  iggy ? can we do away with the restraints ? i do nt think they re necessary anymore .  newline newline the small man scurried about , untying and unbuckling it from its bonds . then he stepped back again , still staring wideeyed at the creature .  ok now  , the dark haired man intoned gently ,  let s get you down off of that table and see if you can take a few steps for me ... ok ?  not knowing how to respond , the creature simply complied , extending one long leg out and leaning forward to get off of the metal ledge it was standing on . when it s foot struck the floor it almost fell , ankle turning and then straightening back up . gaining some confidence , it took another step with less wobble , and listened to the interesting metallic click its feet made on the floor . turning , it smiled at the dark haired man before stepping a few paces towards him . this was getting easier . it was starting to figure this body out . it just had to arch its back farther to compensate for the extra weight on its ribcage . newline newline  lovely !  , he exclaimed , clapping his hands ,  now why do nt we let you get a good look at yourself so you can see who you are ?  , he said as he gestured again to the smaller man , who rolled over a large , ornate fulllength mirror . newline newline the creature was so shocked by what it saw that it could barely even breathe . newline newline it was stunningly beautiful ! tiny delicate feet were laced up in a set of six inch high , pink heels . every toe and fingertip was painted the same shade and tiny diamonds had been set in every nail . long , graceful , toned legs swooped up to meet its flat belly , where another diamond adorned its completely superfluous navel . above the soft and tanned surface of its stomach , oversized breasts stood proudly from its chest . the nipples were also jeweled and stood pertly at attention , pointing slightly upwards . finally , it was all completed by a long , slender neck and pouty , baby doll face . its features were delicate and beautiful , surrounded by a huge mass of golden curls that fell down past its waist . newline newline grinning , the creature turned back to the dark haired man and threw itself into his arms , giggling and pulling his face down to cover it in kisses . whatever happened , it never wanted to be away from him .  well then !  , he said as he smiled paternally down at the creature ,  why do nt we see about getting you into some clothes ?  all she could do was grin in response . newline newline newline as they walked through the door together , arm in arm , she heard iggy speak up from behind her .  fuck that man , i like her like she is !  newline newline newline  so uh ... when are we gon na get started on mine vic ?  ... and that concludes your training . welcome to surely insurance , and before you partner off to start at your desks are there any questions . anything we did nt cover in the training ? yes philip what would you like to know ?  newline newline  our most profitable customer , oh that is a good one . and not a question i have been asked before . i imagine most of you think it was jeanne calment , but alas no . lets have a look shall we .  newline newline  peter can you put our customer database on screen for us .  newline newline  thank you  newline newline  now build a custom search . start by adjusting all payments for inflation . and why do we do that ?  newline newline  that s right simone , it allows us to see the absolute value of their insurance payments in today s money . we want to be duly diligent in all our work , even answering each others questions . especially as you have managed to pique my interest as well .  newline newline  the next step will be to sum all of the payments the customer has made . again what must we bear in mind ?  newline newline  quite right maggie , that we ensure we sort by individual customer not joint or family policies . these are how much more profitable for us ?  newline newline  fantastic , and where to we derive this extra 20  per person from ?  newline newline  oh splendid john , as he says intangible benefits . something we expect you to do rather well on selling . remember the only way to be sure , it be be surely insured  , and that piece of mind comes at a premium .  newline newline  so the final step is to output that data to a simple table . lets only look for the top 100 , saves a little computing time . and voila , thank you peter .  newline newline  you can see here our most profitable customer is a dorothy walpole . she paid out over 10.5 million in life insurance premiums . one of our first ever customers . you might be surprised that we digitised his records , but we like to remember where we came from .  newline newline  the green mark next to the accounts ? well we did cover this earlier . can anyone tell mr. shepton what that means ?  newline newline  oh you know that it indicates an active account .  newline newline  well i do nt know why mrs. walpole has a green flag on her account .  newline newline  peter pull up her account details  newline newline  what the hell , it is an active account , we ve had monthly payments since 1720 . paid by the marquess of townshend . seriously peter is this some kind of joke for the last day ?  newline newline  well yes how would you know that some one would ask that question . unless ... no no , not possible . your humourless reputation is well deserved .  newline newline  thank you all for you attention , it seems this matter will require some of mine . please the details up for me peter i think i ll make a quick phone call .  newline newline    newline newline  indeed she speaks .  newline newline  sir how doth thou darest !  newline newline  hast thou received instructions to the contrary ?  newline newline  then good day to thee sir .  newline newline click newline newline  well dearest charles it seemeth that mine awful revenge mayest yet be checked  newline newline newline fin newline newline hope you found it okay . first time trying to write a story in this style and any tips to improve would be greatly appreciated . newlinea meticulous job , cleaning a plasma rifle . since the barrel shoots superheated plasma out the front , sometimes the shot flares out and splatters the barrel . sometimes it even pokes holes in the end of the barrel , like the pores in skin . people have been killed by this . not trots . newline newline jason  trots  volchenko had moved into my neighborhood in fifth grade . we always made fun of his name . half the time we called him  volvo ,  like the car , and that would piss him off . newline newline  volvo s are nt even russian cars ! they re fucking swedish !  he would shout at us .  at least use a russian car name !  newline newline he was good with cars and machines . he ended up being a mechanic in the marine corps . any machine that i flew in , i knew had to be worked on by trots . i flew in a different ship once , and it had crashed behind enemy lines . trots  machines flew faster , flew better , and came back in one piece . newline newline the phone rings in my quarters . my rifle is torn apart , the plasma splatters in the barrel have been cleaned and rewelded . the xray shows no more holes or cracks . newline newline  phone call from millie phillips .  newline newline the screen popped up and her hair was as curly as ever . the night lights were on in the background , long tubes that ran from ceiling to floor that were florescent . newline newline  hey ! how are you ?  she asked . newline newline i looked at my rifle again . the battery was showing 80  . i had fired a full battery and changed it out . i did nt fire it at anything in particular . newline newline  i m okay , i guess ,  i replied . i removed a pack of lucky strikes from my shirt pocket . bizarre , that after all the medical advances were made back on earth , that we still manufactured filterless cigarettes . i was used to smoking only one or so a day . today , i d smoked about eight or nine cigarettes . newline newline  what s wrong ? something s wrong ?  a pause .  are you in a different room ? it does nt have our pictures in it .  newline newline  yeah . we were invaded today .  newline newline another lengthy pause . newline newline  invaded .  newline newline  yeah .  newline newline trots was working in the hangar when they showed up . they landed in the hangar while there was roughly fifty or so working there . newline newline the worst part is they did nt start shooting right away . newline newline  so what ship are you on now ?  newline newline  the firma   i said . short for terra firma , this was one of the first ships created on earth for interstellar travel . what a fucking shithole . somehow they were able to maintain it , even if it was an old hulk . newline newline jason was supposedly the first one to approach the extra terrestrials . i had only seen them a handful of times , and only behind the sight of my rifle , so it must have been bizarre trying to communicate with them . he had approached with a communicator . things seemed alright , at first , from what the survivors detail , but then when the comm system broke , they had a fundamental issue . newline newline they could nt understand each other . newline newline  so what happened ? is everything okay ?  newline newline jason went down first . they shot him in the head , on the floor , like a dog , while he was trying to fix the comm system . it was nt even that hard to fix , he just did nt fix it quick enough . newline newline  yeah , yeah , everything s fine .  newline newline  where s jason ?  newline newline  he s not here . he never made it off the landing deck .  newline newline  oh god , honey , i m so sorry ,  she teared up . newline newline i had made it up to the hangar to repel the invasion , and quickly , i noticed jason s body on the floor . his head was burned , and badly , as some sort of indescribable matter bled out from where his hairline had been . two german medics moved his body out to the morgue when the battle was over . newline newline i did nt say anything . newline newline  i understand if you want to be alone .  newline newline  i just miss you . i m sorry . i ca nt talk about this right now . i love you . i ll call you tomorrow .  newline newline  call ended with millie phillips .  newline newline we called him trots  because he played the back legs of my halloween costume that year . we dressed as a horse , but he only wanted to run . he continued to shove me and screamed  cmon , phillips ! move faster ! it ll impress people !  until i fell out , the head of the costume and my body collapsing , while the tail end of the horse moved and trotted . jason did nt just give up , he kept running . newline newline his tags were wrapped around the butt of my rifle . newline newline i was granted an honorable because of jason s death . when i had got onto the pod to leave the ship , it said in bright letters above the door ,  inspected by 401jv ,  and i knew i would make it home . woof , woof woof woof woof ?  he said , curling up on the chair next to the couch . newline newline stretched out on the couch but far from relaxed , she closed her eyes for a few moments , collecting herself . newline newline  wo..wo ... woof woof woof . woof woof woof , woof , woof woof woof .  newline newline a tear trickled down her left cheek , tracing its way slowly through the sleek white fur to the corner of her mouth . she licked it away apologetically . newline newline he could see she wanted to let it out , wanted to be heard so he held his silence , wagging his tail almost imperceptibly . she noticed this and started again , her voice stronger . newline newline  woof woof woof woof , woof woof woof woof . woof woof ! woof woof woof ! woof !  newline newline and there it was . after months of her coming in , the denials , the crying and the whining . there it was . he quivered slightly in excitement as he d been praying for this moment , this break through . newline newline but he could nt let her know that , she might clam up again and disappear into her kennel like she had done many times before . so he nonchalantly lifted his leg and started licking his balls . newline newline  woof woof woof woof woof ?  he enquired , pretending to be more interested in the cleanliness of his genitals .  woof woof woof wo ... hmmm ... woof .  newline newline  woof !  she said leaping to her feet , bristling .  woof woof woof woof woof woof woof . woof . woof . woof !  newline newline  woof woof  , he said realising she was so close to realising what he already knew .  woof woof woofwoofwoof ?  newline newline  wo ...  she started then stopped , her eyes widening . she sat down in a heap staring at him in wonder .  woof woof woof woof ?  newline newline  woof .  it was nt a maybe , or a could be .  woof  he said again knowing that this was the knife edge . she was teetering and would either run out spraying piss on the floor in fear or she d embrace the strength within her she d just glimpsed . newline newline  woof ?  , she rolled the idea over on her tongue , savouring it like a wiener .  woof woof woof woof . woof .  her back steeled and he could see that she was nt going to be pissing on his floor in fear any time soon . she was nt going to be pissing on anyone s floor in fear ever again . newline newline he left the chair for the floor and strode towards her , tongue lolling out and tail wagging and she saw that his eyes were filled with pride and love . she jumped off the couch , nuzzled him and then craned her neck around and sniffed his butt . he sniffed hers and they stood there with the morning sun streaming in bathing them in light , sniffing each others asses . newline newline  woof woof woof woof woof  he said ,  woof woof woof . woof .  newline newline she whined but her eyes shone happily .  woof woof . woof woof .  she said and turned to the door . before she crossed the threshold and walked out for the last time , she stopped and looked back at him mischievously , lifted her leg and peed on the door frame . newline newline her scent filled the room for the rest of the day and long after the last patient had left . as the moon rose , he padded to the door frame and sniffed it , walked to his bowl and took a long swallow shuddering slightly as the cold water coursed down his throat . newline newline  woof woof !  he said out loud , wishing that they had meet some other time , some other way . he sat , sniffed her scent on the air again and started licking his crotch .i thought things would be fine but theyre not and now we need a constitution because youre all dicks newline by steve newline newline i . do nt hoard food . the bugs are going to eat it anyway , and then no one will get it . stacy , you can have thanksgiving again when you learn how to fucking farm . newline newline ii . if they bite you , do nt whine about it . do nt do that whole overdramatic , lastminute family bonding thing . you turn and then everybody dies . seriously people , this happens like every fucking time . nobody else even likes your mom . newline newline iii . it was funny the first few times , but it s not funny anymore . nobody pee in the water . newline newline iv . first one to kill something edible gets a prize ! newline newline v. nobody have sex with gerald . newline a  wear some pants , gerald . newline newline amendment 1 newline fuck you steve . you re not in charge . we do nt have to do what you say . newline newline amendment 2 newline seriously , fuck you .sam lived in a house with no one else . newline newline he did not like it this way . it was too quiet . newline newline sam would get a pet , a dog or a cat or some fish or a bird . newline newline sam went to the pound . newline newline there were a lot of pets , most of them dogs and cats . newline newline one dog was small , not yet half a year old . newline newline the dog had soft , gold fur and a small nose and big ears . newline newline the tag said that the dog s name was fred . newline newline sam knelt down and said  hi  to fred . newline newline fred barked and it looked like he had a smile . could dogs smile ? newline newline sam bought fred from the pound and then went to the store to get a few books on dogs . newline newline one book said that fred might live up to twelve years . newline newline fred ate a lot of dog food , but sam took care to make sure fred did not eat any shoes or sticks or other things that were bad for dogs . newline newline fred grew and grew and grew . when sam picked him up from the pound , he was small . but now he was big . newline newline sam would take fred to the park where they would run laps on the path . they met others and their pets . matt had a small white dog called  snow  that he could hold in his arms . pat had a large , black dog named woof . newline newline one day , sam and fred met a new girl named beth . beth had a dog with red fur . the dog was called boo . sam liked beth . newline newline more time passed and sam and beth lived in the same house now . beth had changed her last name so it was the same as sam s . fred did not know what that meant but beth was kind and smelled nice and scratched his ears just right . and boo did not eat too many of the dog treats and did not take up too much space on the dog bed . newline  newline that s all i can think of for now .sissssssssss . newline newline steam wasnt pouring from my eyelids . damn the sound . damn her eyes . there s no one as long as there s no one . i have a date and sleep has fishbellied my face . i want him to notice that no one is with me . newline newline steam was nt pouring from my eyelids , so it was very important i sponged on my eyeshadow with an unhygienic dab of spit on a qtip . this required hastiness becomes routine when you re dodging . newline newline liner next . newline newline there wasnt the bones and the bones and the bones and the bones condensed into a wrapping paper all over the tube . nothing behind the mirror and the same behind myself , save a towel rack . too loose , might break off the wall . terrible sounds from that one . i remember  no wet towels on the towel rack  and i ll never forget it until the day i do . newline newline mascara . steady hands are required i drew the knife to my lids . we all miss spots . we ve missed spots since we started . the chamber was loaded . and my lashes were nt extended but enhanced . i m beautiful . i eat the competition . newline newline to the mirror i cry out like i ve cried out so many times and the light flickers and the bones and the bones and the bones and the bones . it s still me . newline newline where do they go at night ? enough bang bang bang and the night dreams die but the day dreams thrive . newline newline i ve considered moving . i m considering it now . i will take my date with me . it requires a name . indicating this is slaughter . imitating slaughter in the mirror , not fun . there s nothing more noble than sex with a purpose . the eyes are important . but the rest of my face . i said the word . it s always faces . and the bones and the bones and the bones and the bones . i offer an apology for mentioning what i should nt . not keeping in my place and indirectly but cruelly abandoning my date . newline newline now it s out . newline newline i like to play the flute . my lips are good . very good . newline newline the staff has five , newline it has five lines , newline e g b d f are the letters they left , newline newline between those lines , newline there lies a space , newline reading my mind to spell the word : newline face newline newline i covered it without conviction . newline i am a fake disguise . newline let s hear the saliva flow , shout it from the tower . newline newline  face , the object of my sensual desires , the manic way i stare into the cracks produced by time and the bones and the bones and the bones and the bones .  newline newline i seize on the carpet for fifteen hours , and for fifteen more newline newline i will be devoured . newline newline and the bones and the bones and the bones and the bones . newlinewhen people tell you that being a mom is one of the hardest jobs that there is , you really do nt understand until actually becoming a mother yourself . it was hard for me to wrap my head around what they meant when they heeded the warning to me . i did nt realize that it meant sacrificing not just my body through rigorous labor , and then providing nourishment for my child . it meant the sleepless nights , the puking , the diaper changes , the constant crying of my child . no one could have prepared me for this . newline newline i felt like sleep was just a mere illusion of my imagination anymore . it had probably been weeks of accumulated sleepless nights strung together . to say that i was exhausted does nt appropriately describe how i really feel right now . just when i think that placing my child down for his own time for sleep , every time i would walk out of the room , settle down to take a nap of my own , i would awake with a jolt to his cries . it seemed like this was happening off and on for almost an hour , no matter what i did , whenever i would settle down he would start crying once again . feeding , changing , placing him in different sleeping positions , putting the fan off and on , putting music off and on ... nothing was working . newline newline  jude .  i picked him up into my arms and placed him on my hip , i bounced for a moment as he tucked his head between my breast and my arm . his cheeks resting on my skin that was revealed by the tank top i was wearing . i rubbed his back gently with my free hand as i carried him out of his bedroom , i closed the door behind me , and i walked down the hallway of the second floor of my home . newline newline my heart fell to my stomach when i heard it , my heart elevating faster as i held my four week old child in my arms , yet i could hear his crying from his bedroom that we just left . i turned around to look at the door that was a few feet away from me , and i quickly opened the door to look inside the room . it was empty . everything was just how i had left it , nothing was out of place , and the crying stopped instantly too . i shook my head , i was hearing things now ... all this lack of sleep was finally driving me to insanity . i walked around the room with jude in my arms , the soft breathing of him making me calm down to think that what i was thinking was true . newline newline i closed the door behind me , and made it halfway down the hall when i heard it again . i watched the door horrified as my jude s screams pierced through the walls . i ran into the room , and they stopped immediately as i entered . i frantically examined the room again , jude stirring in my arms , his whines causing me to slow my movements . this time i ran with him toward the kitchen , his screams from his bedroom filling the house as i grab his diaper bag . my heart pounds almost into my ears as i run toward the front door , jude and the baby bag in my arms . newline newline i run right into my husband , the diaper bag falling to the floor and spilling onto the front porch . i have tears streaming down my face as i hold onto jude and stare at him horrified . newline newline  jane , honey , what is going on ?  he asks me , looking concerned . newline newline  paul .  i start sobbing .  the crying , it wo nt stop ... every time i leave the room ... it wo nt stop ... jude and i  newline newline i look down to my arms , and it is nt jude i am holding ... it s his teddy bear that he sleeps with every night since we brought him home from the hospital ...at first it seemed like a prank , one purposely orchestrated by marlon . after all , he had somewhat sworn vengeance on me when i last pranked him . but the link was not shared by him , by rather by a friend s friend , which appeared on my facebook feed when that friend like her friend s post . a subreddit simply by the name of rturmanburbank . newline newline my name . my real life name . newline newline which made the whole incident much more strange , because i never used my real name on reddit . instead , i used a throwaway account named called udorilukey . privacy concerns , if you may . plus there were a lot of stuff i do on reddit that i prefer people not to know . ken bones taught me that much . newline newline but i digress . newline newline you see , what s eerie about that subreddit that convinced me that it was far from an elaborate prank was the number of subscribers it had . a whopping total of 1,235,713 subscribers . whereas the town that i lived in , seahaven , only has a total of 24,567 residents from the last census . even if marlon had managed to get all the town s residents in on this prank , he s still more than a million people away from the subscribers . newline newline what made it weirder , however , was how detailed discussions were on the subreddit on my life . the top post of the sub was on my recent engagement with meryl , and many of them commented on how i should be with slyvia instead . one comment even mentioned that it was sad to see slyvia leave the show . newline newline what show , exactly ? i thought she had an urgent family matter halfway across the world , which was why she had to leave ? and how did so many people know about my engagement with meryl ? and why should it even be of any significance ? newline newline i got more confused as i browsed through the sub . there were memes of me , photos of me , as if i was followed 247 , photographed 247 . i could nt understand any of it . i was just supposed to be an ordinary guy in an ordinary town . why did the sub made me look like some superstar ? newline newline but what made me most worried , buried deep within the sub , was a simple post of the cancellation of this so called  truman show  . the post claimed to be written by slyvia , who said that it was against fundamental rights to keep me in the dark . but in the dark about what ? newline newline before i had the chance to investigate more , the sub seemed to have gone down , an error message simply stated that it did not exist and never existed . like someone was deliberately stopping me from knowing more . i feel more than confused now about my identity , my entire life . is everything a lie ? newline newline i called marlon , asked him about this . but far from being intrigued as me , he sounded worried over the phone , simply telling me to  sit tight  and they needed to do something . i worry that it may be more than what i expect . newline newline and so i am writing this post in a random sub on reddit , hoping that if the worse do happen to me , at least someone will know . in case i do nt see you , good afternoon , good evening and good night . newline newline       newline newline rdoritales 47 ... .. i ve killed 47 . why did i trust number 48  newline newline james sat at the edge of the belltower of what was once charleston . not the charleston of the carolina federation , but charleston , new hampshire , the haven of salvation . newline newline  it has been 17 months 6 days and 7 hours from the beginning of the cleansing to the fall of charleston , and it is my fault .  newline newline james leaned against his rifle , and watched the fire lick from building to building . the heat of the inferno burnt against his face . it was only a matter of time before the flames consumed his perch , and he would join the rest of his people . newline newline  one left ... .  newline newline he patted the back of the crumpled box that had kept his sacred homemade cigarettes laughing as he did so . newline newline  pfft if i didnt have a lighter i would just have to wait a few minutes !  newline newline the city had been safe from the cleansing thanks to marksmen like himself and all the brave soldiers on the wall . newline newline  it is uncanny how fast the world turned . it wasnt the infected that caused the collapse . it was man against man . no laws , morals , or kindnesses . if it is me against you . it s me every time .  newline newline he takes a long slow drag of the flimsy selfrolled tobacco stick . newline newline  cough ... why did nt i fire ? i ve killed before ... .. but they were a family.. baby and all .  newline newline the fire starts to eat the timbers at the base of the tower . sweat starts to drip from james  face as he takes another drag . newline newline  i understand that they were desperate , but look at salvation now ... ..  newline newline the tower creaks and snaps . newline newline  i m sorry .  newlinefirst time posting . sorry in advance for any mistakes . newline newline  you  re 18 now.  he whispered into his ear through quivering lips . tears welled up in his eyes as one hung from his lower eyelash , soon to drop onto his son  s cheek and roll down to his jaw . newline newline  i know no boy , i guess i should say man now , wants to hear that he looks like a woman , but you remind me of your mother so much.  newline newline he lay unresponsive . all that was heard was his father  s staggered breaths , a shuffling of papers from the nurse outside , and a monotonous yet soothing beeping . the sun wriggled its way through a crack in the blinds and found itself in a warm embrace on the boy  s chest . newline newline  i still remember running next to you holding your shoulders . your first time without training wheels and you were nailing it . it doesn  t matter what happened afterwards , what matters is you were nailing it . i  ve never been so so proud.  his voice became more highpitched as sobs fought their way up his throat . newline newline across the boy  s face was an expression of absolute serenity . his breath was still just as soft as it was when he was 7  a breath not unlike the wind blowing through a meadow of grass , where the only noise is the tranquil whistle of the wind between the blades of grass . newline newline  i  m sorry i never got to help you find a tuxedo for your prom . i know without a doubt you would have been  the most strapping young lad to grace my presence  as your grandpa would always say when he came over for christmas.  he wiped more tears from his eyes . newline newline  and your date , man don  t get me started , she would have been beautiful . you would  ve had all the girls begging for you to ask them to the dance . and you would  ve picked the one with the most beautiful brown hair , sparkling bluish green eyes , and a smile that leaves you speechless as if every smile is the first smile . whew , she would  ve been just just like she would have been just like your mother  the father  s trembling hand squeezed his son  s warm hands as if it was the only thing holding his world together . newline newline  god i  m going to miss you.  he managed to say between sobs , unable to hold back the tears anymore . newline newline  you and your mother have given me enough love to last two lifetimes . even now , i still consider myself the luckiest father , and the luckiest husband . just what i would do to hold you two in my arms again.  newline newline he sat staring his son  s hand in his . they were so full of warmth and life yet devoid of consciousness . one last tear rolled down his father  s face till it hung from his chin . the tear hung there for a few seconds , minutes , hours , days , and eventually years the tear hung there for 10 years and 48 days . then the force of gravity tore it free from his chin as it entered free fall . the force of nature was too great to resist as it fell and became the last tear to splash upon his son  s cheek . newline newline  you  re my bud , and you  ll always be my bud . i love you son.  newline newline he reached over to the beeping machine and flicked a switch . the beeping became slower and slower ,  beep beep beep.. beepbeepbeep.  newline then silence . newline newline the father held his son  s hand as he trembled uncontrollably . he knew that once he let go he would never have the chance to hold his son  s hand again . newline newline  you  ll always be my bud.  newline newline edit : spelling .michael :  so last night , i saw this show called  undercover boss  where bosses go undercover in their companies to see what s wrong with the company . well i tried looking up how to get on the show , but i got tired and fell asleep . but , this morning when i woke up , i decided to be the  undercover boss  and make my own episode .  newline newline michael turns around and hunches over , then spins back around with a doorag on his head . newline newline michael :  my name s prison mike , and i m really thankful for dunder mifflin giving me a second chance since i got out of the pen .  i m tellin you fam , riz rolled up into t dawg s crib and shot the motherfucking joint up . i told that nigga not to fuck wit riz , this nigga deep with the crips but naw , t dawg just had to push his shit .  based g said , shaking his head in disdain at the poor choices t dawg made . newline newline  damn nigga , ambition got the best of him . remember the days when we all posted up on the block slingin that good shit  jayrone reminisced as he took a long puff from the blunt , letting the deep warm smoke fill him to edge of his limbs before blowing it out his nose , immersing the black cadillac suv in a haze of foggy dankness . newline newline  nah fuck that noise nigga , ai nt none of these niggas got respect . that s why t dawg started that stint . multi level marketing or some shit , i do nt know what these kids learning today in school but he took one too many classes and ended up in the dirt . we working for big m now , much more respect in this line of work .  based g coughed as he passed the blunt back to jayrone . he checked his watch . 11:57 pm . three more minutes . a sense of excitement overcame based g as the first wave of adrenaline hit . his mind raced through a list of every scenario that could happen in the next few minutes . it was his third job , still a rookie , but experienced enough to know what to expect . newline newline  that s not what i m saying though . it was simple back then , you sell to niggas and you get paid for whatchu sell . nowadays everybody all wrapped up in this complex ass shit negotiating deals and shit . that s when shit always be going wrong , cuz niggas are too greedy . i keep it simple , that s how i roll .  jayrone inspected his glock 22 to make sure the 15 rounds are still in there . it was time to move out . newline newline two black men in black suits and black shades stepped out of the black suv into the black night . as they approached the apartment complex they can hear the faint yelling of a woman screaming at her husbands , followed by the sound of glass shattering . they passed the concierge , who s shocked expression signaled her surprise at why two men would be wearing shades in the dead of night . but the surprise was brief . between the shooting last week and the overdose victim last night she was too stressed out as it is , and men like these do nt come to make things better . her phone vibrated and she went back to playing clash of clans . newline newline although jayrone hardly ever thought about things bigger than himself , he could nt help but ponder what would have happened to riz if his plan had worked . after all , he was tight with riz back in the days . would he have been driving sports cars and going to clubs in armani suits with 2 girls under his arms ? he has watched enough movies to know what it was like to be a high rolling drug dealer . but the elevator ride was brief , and when he stepped out he was only focused on one thing . newline newline  you think what they say is true ? i mean it s hard to imagine someone uglier than marco . that motherfucker look like he spends his evenings deep frying his bald ass head .  based g joked as they walked down the hall flanked by old peeling walls , the rhythmic creaks of coil spring mattresses , and the occasional obscenity screamed by some kid playing call of duty . they say based g talked too much but it was his way of controlling that anxiety . the anxiety of opening up a door and not knowing if you ll be kissing worms next . newline newline a florescent light buzzed and flickered next to room 521 . a flimsy wood door was all that stood in the way . with his glock in his right hand , jayrone knocked loudly three times , and the loud confident knocks made sure that the tenants would be able to discern it . there was no response . jayrone raised his hand to knock again , but a thunderous rip from inside the room peppered the door with holes . jayrone and based g collapsed onto the ground , twitching and struggling gasping for air but to no avail . jayrone gurgled and ceased moving . based g looked up at the flickering light as his gaze faded into oblivion . newline newline a woman would nt stop screaming . a baby would nt stop crying . the door to 521 slowly opened and a man with an ugly birthmark on the side of his face stepped out in his underwear . he crouched by based g and flicked his cigarette onto the limp body . he pulled out a new cigarette and lit it with the smoking tip of his mac10 , which he used to rid himself of the intruders . taking one long puff , he looked down with contempt and said  i m really tired of explaining this .  newline newlinetoday , today i skipped work . newline newline it s not that big of a deal , the crew will get along without me . hell , they ve all done it themselves . newline newline i do nt know why i did it , i just woke up and felt like today was nt right . so i got in the car and i drove an hour to a spot that i knew i liked . it was empty , which was a nice surprise . usually it d be swarming with locals or some tourists but i guess this early on a wednesday there s only so many idiots coming here . newline newline i grabbed my backpack and camera and headed out . the sun was busy burning off the morning fog and it was shaping up to be one of those perfect sort of days . too perfect to be cutting grass or digging for hedge trimmings . newline newline no , today was for something else entirely . newline newline i started up and felt that familiar burn in my legs . oh , it felt so good . each muscle stretching after a long drive , each one feeling fresh and ready for this surprising turn of events . newline newline i passed a few people on the trail , greeting them with the customary  hi there !  and a big grin . there s something magical about the trees and the trail and the rocks and the sun filtering down . newline newline makes everyone ... happy . you know , happy . no one whines about work or life or anything out here . we all know it exists but it s so far away . lost to us for a brief moment in time . out here , life is nt so bad . newline newline i head further up , now my muscles are fully awake and thrilled with this . they used to complain and stiffen , they d be sore for a week after a trip like this . newline newline now we both look forward to it . newline newline when i reach the top there s always a brief period of just standing there . you catch your breath and you take it in . the scene stretches for kilometers , the sun lighting up the water and lighting up the trees . it s breathtaking . sheer beauty as far as the eye can see , even the little port town nestled in the clear blue cove and the ferry lazily trawling the coastline . newline newline the air is pure and clean and fills my lungs like a drug . i find the spot that i love , dangle my feet down and unwrap a sandwich from my pack . of course , carefully placing the wrap back into the bag . newline newline i m no monster . newline newline i sit for a long time . just enjoying it all . newline newline tomorrow , tomorrow i ll go back to work and everyone will ask how the hike was . they all know where i ve gone . newline newline tomorrow is a world away . an eternity from now . right now , i get to take in the light breeze and watch the water ripple , listen to the birds sing . newline newline tomorrow is far from today , today just might be perfect . newline newline i smile and kick my feet like a little kid , i feel like a little kid . trouble free and happy . newline newline today , i skipped work . newline newline and it was totally worth it .they were so ... .so innocent . they came in all shapes , colours , and sizes much as we humans do  though they were much more abstract in their creation and lacked the evil that mankind had in abundance . they were beautiful yet their appearance was so far flung from the human image it was impossible and unfair to try describing with words . i could see into their history , from the very first adam of their kind that drew breath to the moment that the light faded from the last one s eyes . evolving much faster and with more understanding of themselves and the universe around them , they settled in eden bringing the first true utopia in to existence . they had preserved their home planet and had journeyed the stars in their endeavor to see all of god s creation . now their corpses and ashes were scattered across the cosmos . they were so damn innocent . i had to look away . newline newline newline god had framed their entire existence as a species in a simple walnut frame . hanging on a wall . i had asked god if there was a creation before our own . bringing me to this room had been his answer . he did nt say anything before and he was nt saying anything now . i m not even sure if he noticed the tears in my eyes . all was silent in heaven . it was a somber moment realising that it was work of art . so unlike us humans ... created in the image of god . first   https : www.reddit.comrwritingpromptscomments54we3iwpyouvecometoregretfakingyourowndeathd8645pp    previous   https : www.reddit.comrwritingpromptscomments54xzr8wpwhileeatingyourfavoritedishattheofficed8646ml  newline newline   newline newline  dear samantha , newline newline  at the age of three , you had a stuffed animal named mr . teddybar  . that spelling was nt intentional but you told everyone it was . it was actually a stuffed dragon toy that you insisted was a bear . newline newline  the part that proves i m you : you knew the entire time . you named him that way on purpose as a joke , and you never let anyone in on it . newline newline i looked at the screen , pausing from what i d just typed . when i d appeared in my own office instead of the cafeteria i d just vanished from , i had a moment of hope . maybe whatever glitch had thrown me into an alternate universe had been fixed , maybe i d been bumped back into my own world . that lasted until i d opened the computer and looked at a document that i definitely had nt left open . newline newline this universe s version of me apparently had a much more active imagination and a significant other she intended to share it with . even if it was just another version of myself , it felt like prying to read the increasingly graphic details . newline newline the other clue that this was not my home was the date and time : in this universe , the experiment had not yet taken place . in fact , it seemed like i had nearly a whole day of lead time . newline newline this was nt time travel . changing the fate of this dr. samantha macgowran would nt change my own . but if i had the chance to create a timeline where i had nt stepped into that machine , should nt i ? countless timelines where that was exactly the case had to already exist , so my efforts would be a drop in the bucket at best , but ... . newline newline i could nt not do it . i could nt just let it go . newline newline so i d saved my counterpart s love letter off to somewhere i hoped she d think to look later , and replaced the text with my own note : newline newline  the experiment is both a success and a failure . it does transport you to another timeline . unfortunately , the transition is both stable and unstable . the instability prevents you from staying in the world you end up in . the stability pushes you to another , seemingly random , timeline . newline newline  i know that should nt be possible . only a standing chronokinetic wave would cause such a thing , and such a thing is contradictory by the math as we understand it . clearly , we are wrong . newline newline  in short : the machine is not safe . examine the timelines clustered around 118b5ed9fa5341c6b094615176b39482 and you ll see the fallout from what s happened . newline newline 118b5ed9fa5341c6b094615176b39482 was nt my locator s full id  as large a number as that was , it was nt nearly enough to start uniquely identifying all possible timelines , but it d give my counterpart a place to start . newline newline in my timeline , we d done a cursory search of nearby timelines to see if disaster had fallen , and everything had seemed to work okay . i now realized that the successes we saw were the appearances of other timelines  samanthas we had nt realized did nt belong . without a headsup , this timeline s version of me would likely make the same mistake . newline newline  hey , we do nt have long ,  alice said from behind me . i had nt heard her walking up to me , but given that she was a hologram this was to be expected . newline newline  alice , give me some good news ,  i said . alice was the person who kept the company running and one of my closest friends , and right now i needed her more as the latter than the former . newline newline alice , however , shook her head .  no such luck , sam . we re barely getting the hang of predicting how long you ll stay in a unverse , much less figuring out how to get you back . sorry .  newline newline i sighed , but i had nt expected much else . i d only been gone , what , a few hours at this point ?  how long do we have ?  newline newline alice looked down at her smartphone .  seconds , again . sorry , locating you took most of the time we had . if we can find a universe where you stick around for longer , we might be able to come up with a plan , but ...  newline newline  you have no way of predicting that .  i said . i gestured to the computer .  at least we have one version of me who wo nt make the same mistake .  newline newline alice glanced over the text .  mr . teddybar ?  newline newline  like you did nt have a stuffed pet as a kid ?  newline newline alice waved away the objection .  anyway , that was a good call , warning yourself . that means there s another version of you who ll have a head start on examining the problem . the whole 118b5ed9 and so on cluster is trying to work together on this , but we ll take all the help we can get .  newline newline at least the intertimeline communication devices worked . newline newline  i just hope i can get some sleep at some point ,  i said . for this universe it was the middle of the day , but for me it was nearly midnight . newline newline  you ve earned some rest , that s for sure ,  alice said , watching her smartphone instead of me .  but for now ... .  she turned the smartphone around to face me , and i could see the last few seconds ticking away . newline newline  bye ,  i said . i even waved before i vanished into the  next universe   https : www.reddit.comrwritingpromptscomments55xnw8wphumanityhasjustinventedinterdimensionald8epyc5  . newline newlinea lifetime of detritus awaited me in the attic . my grandfather had left its entire contents to me in his will with a single reservation .  there s a leaden box in the attic with a relief of yggdrasil on the top . take it and bury it in tundra . its contents are not for you , not for any man in this world .  newline newline i had dug through the possessions of a lifetime spent busily . passions and pains , curios and mementos , trinkets and trash . i d sorted through all of these before finding it . the lead box with the world tree on it . it was covered in a grime that suggested great age , though the box itself was in perfect condition save for a single flaw . the clasp holding it closed had been broken , and in its place was a single , thin piece of intricately tied braided rope . newline newline i touched the rope and pulled on it so slightly that it could have been an accident . the rope snapped and the lead box sprung open eagerly , revealing a small , black box . the longer i stared at it , the more it enthralled me . sweat began to bead on my forehead and my hands began to shake as the little black box seemed to grow bigger . where it had once been no larger than a box one might bear a wedding ring in , it now threatened the edges of the world tree s box . newline newline i slammed the leaden box closed and tied it with the tape from a nearby cassette . i would bury it in the tundra if it meant i had to dig through the frozen ground with my bare hands . newline newline i would succeed where my grandfather had clearly failed and be rid of the infernal thing ... newline or so i had planned .hunt . kill . consume . survive .  newline newline this is the law of lush jungle . nothing else matters . newline newline once upon a time , we lived in harmony . pokemon helping humans , humans helping pokemon . but that is all a distant memory now . nobody even remembers how it became this way . newline newline there is no more leaving the other side with just enough health to be caught , no more fighting till knockout . we hunt to kill . we kill to eat . all we know is survival . newline newline survive . live . fight . die .  newline newline maybe , somewhere along the way , we left behind something important , because now we even fight amongst ourselves . as hunters , the weak are a burden to the pack . and so , they are often thrown to the mercy of the pack , the elements , or the humans . newline newline death . birth . life . hunger .  newline newline perhaps this is for the best  the strong survive , and thus the pack becomes stronger . newline newline i lifted my wing , stirred awake by a gentle nudging . the speckled egg beneath me began to twitch , ever so slightly . soon , its brothers and sisters would also begin their first movements in this unforgiving world . i adjusted my temperature and stepped off the nest to allow the little ones room to grow . newline newline soon , a nest full of peeping little fletchlings hopped about , taking in the light . they cried aloud for food , their little beaks stretched wide . newline newline except for one . he was lying in a heap in the corner of the nest , shivering and struggling . he was small . newline newline hunger . thirst . need . hunt .  newline newline i gently picked him up in my talons , cradling the tiny little body . his siblings grew impatient , chirping even louder in the canopyfiltered sun . newline newline i could hear a lycanroc below calling to her pups , born only days ago . the little rockruffs barked back at her voice , running and jumping about . i made my way over to the edge of the nest and peered down below at them , still holding the little hatchling . newline newline i lifted him over and let him drop to the ground below . newline newline hunt . kill . consume . survive .  newline newline this is the law of lush jungle . nothing else matters . newline newline  newline newline edited : a few words , for tone .his fingers grazed her thigh tracing the outline of her birthmark over and over again . newline  anna i never see you wear shorts , it  s the first time i  ve noticed this mark on your leg ,  jacob stated . anna  s hand subconsciously moved to where he was touching and staring . newline  it  s just an ugly birthmark , had it since i was born  anna said grateful that jacob was no longer staring at it . newline  i think it looks pretty cool , it looks like a dragon . almost thought it was a tattoo for a second  newline  why would anyone purposefully put something so hideous and huge on their leg like that ?  anna said quietly as she got up from the couch . she knew she should  ve worn jeans today she hated any attention her birthmark gave her .  i think i  m going to head home , it  s getting late.  newline  alright , i  ll see you tomorrow ,  jacob shifted uncomfortably  afraid he had said something to offend her . with a swift peck on his cheek anna left . newline newline the walk home usually wasn  t too long but she took the long way home today she needed to think . jacob mentioning her birthmark had really struck a cord with her . she knew he didn  t mean anything by it but any mention of her birthmark always brought up so many mixed feelings in her . she remembered when she was younger her grandma would tell her all these tales and stories about a girl with a dragon mark . she used to call it the mark of power , if the firstborn female in the family was born with the mark of power she was destined for great things she  d tell her . story after story her grandma would say of her great aunt , her great grandma , and the women before them . anna , your destined for great things her grandma would say after every story . at that time anna looked at the mark with great pride and love . that mark reminded her of her grandma and strength . that was until her grandma passed away and anna entered the fifth grade . she was on the chubbier side then , which she  d grow out of before high school , but in fifth grade being the fat girl wasn  t always fun . now being the fat girl with a big birthmark was really not fun . with the upmost creativity an eleven year old girl could muster anna  s nickname became cow on the account of she was fat and spotted . the years of bullying she encountered drained all the pride and love she once had for her imperfection . newline newline  hey , do you need help walking home ? it  s getting pretty late for a pretty girl like you to be walking home  a voice echoed startling anna . she hadn  t noticed how late it had gotten or how far she was . the source of the voice came from a straggly tall man walking behind her . newline  no i  m fine , almost there.  anna said wearily as she was reaching into her purse to find some pepper spray she kept attached to her keychain . newline newline but before her hand was able grasp the spray the man had grabbed it . his arms wrapped around her , one around her mouth and the other around her torso . fear and panic took over she thrashed around and they both thudded to the ground . with one hand on her throat and the other going up her leg anna felt her world slowly going dim this couldn  t be happening to her . as his hand reached a higher and higher closer to her birthmark he started screaming . anna felt warmth engulf her and was able to push him off . only to see the body she pushed off her was a scorched dead one . instinctively her hand touched her birthmark to see it was glowing red . newlineeveryday , just after 3 in the afternoon , i would hear the kids talk . they would walk out of the school gates and down past my fence , trying their hardest not to be heard , but relishing in the opportunity to speak . they were too little to really understand it , i suppose . sure , the textprompters at school would have told them not to talk , and it s not like they were exposed to much of it  but they were young . speech was taught at age 10 in little classes  with screens and digital voices  that you had to enrol your kids in to  a controversial topic , since the recent optout policy was legalised  and the taste of articulation was fresh on their tongues . they were trying words out for size , while they still could . i envied them . newline newline sitting in my living room , i would mouth their sentences back in silence . speech was fickle that way , and i suppose that s why it was looked down on . you had to make decisions and commit yourself entirely to them on the fly , and once said , your words were in the public domain . free for the taking . of course , i d never tell anybody of my little ritual . i d adored speech as a child , and it had taken a long time for me to realize the vulnerability of it all . i d been caught with an audiobook at age 13 by my father , who had punished me by planting me on the street corner and having me read out one of my magazines over and over . even typing things out was looked down on , and so most books or publications were released anonymously , but the audiobook had been released illegally and under some poor guy s fullname . i could nt speak , since the punishment . the echoing was just something that i enjoyed . i d never repeat outloud , though . i d love to , but i could nt . newline newline of course , there were some occasions where you had to speak , but it was hard to tell . i d fucked up a job interview the other day by accepting the justoutofreach position with a  yes , sir  rather than a  yes .  sir . how dumb was i ? i mean , it was a sign of respect , but letting my guard down like that was embarrassing for the both of us . it was no wonder i d been ushered out . newline newline i sat and read the news off of the television . the kids were gone now . the news had been in text format since the last reporter quit a few years back . alice partridge , or patterson , or something . she could nt handle the shame that the naturally vocal job brought with it , and once she left , the station could nt find another reader . the text flashed in a bold and large type . suicide up . dow jones up . williams elected president .  the fewest amount of words possible , so as to maintain the credibility of the poor fucker who had to type it in . williams  election did nt surprise me  apparently he d never spoken a word . learnt speech at 30  purely for education , of course  and never discussed anything . speculated to be a republican , but nobody was too sure . newline newline that was the downside of shaming speech , naturally  nothing got done . i d imagined the big office meetings , where williams and his selection of welldressed and intelligent politicians would sit around silently and wait for one of the interns to speak , or type something . it did nt work  but what could you do ? newline newline i dreamed of speaking up . it made me cringe in embarrassment to even think of it , but i still dreamed . there was no way of knowing , of course , if other people did the same . if i d spoken out , i could be condemned . perhaps . i often made eyecontact with my neighbour through our parallel windows , and something about the way she looked back told me that she d be nice to talk to , but i could nt . i had never asked her name . god , i had nt talked in years . last time i d spoken , i must have been a kid . newline newline the next day , when i heard the voices outside in the afternoon , i opened my front door . three kids walked tightly together , huddled , and speaking freely . they were nt reticent around each other , which was refreshing . nobody else was around . newline newline  hey ,  i called out . it felt invigorating . the kids turned to see me , eyes wide with shock and confusion . i was already this far in to it , so i kept going . newline newline  want to talk ?  i m going to miss this ,  the one said , his long beard flowing in the gentle breeze . the scar running down one cheek was partially obscured by the eye patch he wore , but his other eye was iceblue and twinkling . a child ran up from playing in the park , blond curls bouncing . newline  hey mister ,  the child shouted ,  can i have some more candy ?  newline the old man grinned and tossed the child a dumdum . the little blond kid grabbed it and smiled widely .  thanks old man !  newline the oneeyed old gentleman chuckled gently and looked at the chess board in front of him . the game was slow , for both players were masters . for years upon ages , they had warred and battled their way across these worn checkered squares , sacrificing pawns in needless battles , and entering the fray like thunderstorms when they moved their queens . this particular battle had only been going on for an afternoon , but it was more important than the others . it was this day , after years of meeting in the park to battle over middling fates of ultimately minor individuals , that the two old men would have their last sparring match . today was the day of reckoning . newline the other old man at the table sported a more welltrimmed beard , and his white shirt boasted of his physique , showing weathered but massive muscles through the fabric . he certainly appeared muscular to the other patrons of the park , but the strange cane he carried changed the image . it was wildly bent and angled until it resembled a bolt of lightning . a strange cane , to be sure , but then there are all kinds of people , are nt there . you never know what you ll find in a little city park . newline newline the one eyed old man nodded thoughtfully .  bit of a pickle we re in . i rather enjoy this game .  newline newline  confound those human expressions ! gods must not stoop to such a level . and , my friend , you are wrong . i greatly tire of this game . it is time .  the muscular one growled . newline newline the ice in the other man s eye twinkled .  not so hasty . fate is a funny thing . it changes ... rather quickly , when one looks at it from a oneeyed perspective .  newline newline  we re too old for such levity . focus on your game , friend , or forfeit humanity !  newline newline  sourpuss .  newline newline  continue to compare me to an illtempered feline , and i shall call down lightning upon thine hoary head !  the muscular one rumbled , gray eyes sharpening . newline newline  and with the lightning , what then ? thunder always follows , and i doubt very much you want to bring my son into this game of fate .  newline newline  just move . it s check in five .  newline newline the two men bent to their game , trading move for countermove , and strike for counterstrike . it went on like that , neither gaining any advantage over the other . ages of chessplaying had rendered the old gods incapable of dominating the other . suddenly , in the midst of a particularly devious strategy by the oneeyed gentleman , the two caught sight of a couple on a bench across from them . the woman s glare was fierce enough to singe the old men s eyebrows . the oneeyed man gave a chuckle , and bits of frost quenched the sparks . the muscular old god frantically patted at his eyebrows , his magic unsuited to putting out fires . he was more used to starting them .  wretched mortal emotions ! such power without restraint ! something must be done .  newline newline the woman exclaimed ,  how could you ? ! with linda ! ? that bitch !  newline newline the oneeyed man stifled a loud , rolling laugh .  ah , this poor man . i can feel his fear !  newline newline the muscular one frowned and looked at the girl . a very slight smile creased his wrinkled face .  hades hath no fury , i suppose .  newline newline the man took his wife s hands in his , desperately searching her eyes for hope .  honey , i m sorry . you were gone ... and ... and i was weak . i promise , it was a onetime mistake . i really love you .  newline newline the woman was unfazed .  how dare you ! i leave for a week , and i come back to you screwing another woman . how can you expect me to forgive you .  newline newline the muscular gentleman looked back to his game .  just recompense for the man , i deem . she will not forgive him .  newline newline the oneeyed old man shook his head .  tis sad , indeed . but let us watch for a bit . hasty judgments can never end well .  newline newline  you speak rightly .  the two old gods bent to their game once again , but each kept an ear tuned to the conversation across from them . newline newline  honey , i m sorry . i ll never do it again .  the man pleaded . newline newline the wife refused to look him in the eyes .  it s over . i m sorry .  newline newline the lightning god whispered gruffly ,  it is as i said .  newline newline  hush , old greybeard . not everything happens in the flame of passion .  the ice god chided . newline newline the man refused to let his wife go . she tried to stand and leave , but he gripped her hands .  honey , honey , stay ! i m sorry ! newline newline  no ! you re scum !  newline newline tears fell .  i know . i m sorry . i know it was wrong . but ... becky . i married you ten years ago .  newline newline  well , that seems to have been a mistake ,  the woman fired back .  clearly you ca nt keep it in your pants , even if you re married .  newline newline  do you remember our vows ?  newline newline  do nt you dare bring that up now !  she threatened . newline newline  for richer , for poorer . in sickness and in health . till death do us apart .  becky , i was drunk and i was stupid . but i believe in our vows .  newline newline the ice god stifled another rolling laugh that would have disrupted the entire park and the two old men s entertainment .  ha ! ha , ha ! the ale strikes again . i wonder how much he put away .  newline newline  that is not the issue . watch .  the other god replied , his gray eyes regarding the exchange curiously . newline newline the man and his wife stared into each other s eyes . and , gradually , like wicked ice melting in the glare of the sun , the woman s face softened .  you re really repentant , are nt you .  newline newline  yes , yes i am .  the man replied .  i m very sorry for my mistake . you do nt know how i ve been beating myself up over it .  newline newline  and you decided to tell me , instead of hiding it .  she sat down , and for a moment she seemed to struggle with saying something .  i ... i forgive you .  newline newline the oneeyed old man moved one of his last pawns .  what think you ?  newline newline the other took the pawn swiftly with his knight .  these mortals ... they interest me .  newline newline the ice god laughed .  and it only took a couple thousand years .  newline newline the lightning god replied , still gruff .  i have not changed my mind , mind you . but ... might we continue this game another day ? i wish to deliberate .  newline newline the one visible eye twinkled .  oh ? and put off our longawaited day of reckoning ?  newline newline  perhaps the mortals deserve a break . at least ... this man does .  newline newline the ice god stroked his beard .  i agree . let us continue another day then .  newline newline and thus , the world did not end . the two friends played again , the next day . and then the next . and to this day , they continue , in parks all across the world , to play for the fate of humanity . but still we continue to exist . there might be a lesson in that , somewhere , if we look hard enough .he stared at her through his binoculars and sighed . she was perfect . raven black hair , porcelain skin and always wore cherry lipstick . she was a ballet dancer , until she became too tall for the art . she was still as svelte and lithe as the best of them . she had a sweet smile and played a damn good damsel in distress , but he knew it was all for show . she had steely , ice blue eyes and the way her heels clacked against the pavement oozed confidence . plus , she knew martial arts . he had tested her . and night she would be put to the test once again . she was his perfect muse . the tales he spun all revolved around her . everyone had asked how his characters felt so real  she was the reason . newline newline he opened his trunk and dragged his antagonist out . he spat at the ugly brute and sneered at him .  see that lovely lady in that house ? you  re gon na go in there , bash the door down and try rape the shit out of her.  his villain looked bewildered , he made noises through his gag but the author was creating his character . newline newline he took a step back to admire his work . it was beautiful . his villain was dressed as a clown , a little clich , but the author was a fan of stephen king . plus , he enjoyed the juxtaposition of the garish colours against the dark night sky . as a final touch , he had given him a glasgow smile and injected botox to make it permanent . the author flicked a switch on the costume and the legs began to robotically make their way up to the house . newline newline the author sat in his car , fingers poised over his laptop , as he heard the first of the screams . newline newline 073 newlinewe are only what we make of ourselves in this world , nothing more . newline newline some people aspire to greatness , while others wallow in the misery of their own innate inadequacy . most accomplish nothing in their lives , content to only do what is easy . they never grow , never push their limits . and in the end , they never amount to much . newline newline in most worlds , this is a common  if often hidden  truth . people are lazy , never wanting to become all that they can be , and they hide behind masks of adequacy for the duration of their pitiful lifespan . there are no obvious markers , no signposts indicating that any given person is a slaking bottom feeder . no way of telling the great from the pitiful , at least not until all is said and done . no judgement until the judgement . newline newline here , it is different . newline newline in my world , everyone knows who and what everyone else is . nothing is hidden , and once you are marked you are marked for life . here , on the 18th anniversary of our first breath , our nature manifests itself and separates from our flesh for all to see forever more . newline newline you see , on our 18th birthdays , down to the minute , a ... change occurs . a portion of our bodies changes instantly , rapidly becoming the animal or being most becoming our personality . the slugs and bottom feeders have familiars that are just that : slimy , crawling eaters of shit that do nothing but clean the refuse from the boots of mankind . their slime is worn on their sleeves , and no one ever gives them the time of day . worse still are the leeches and tics , the ones who actively draw on the resources of their fellow man . while some keep their familiars hidden , i suspect more than one politician has a tapeworm that they do nt want anyone to find out about . newline newline some try to kill their familiar , to hide their true nature , or even to simply run away . of course , such attempts are futile , causing the creature to manifest anew ... which as i was about to find out was not a pleasant experience . newline newline as i woke on my 18th birthday , my belly was full the fire of change . today was the critical day that would decide my fate . i knew i was better . i am superior than these pitiful people that call themselves my  family .  my mother had me before she manifested , calling forth a pitiful mouse . true to her kind , she had another on the way before i was even 2 . and no father to be seen . of course . newline newline my little brother was staring at me wide eyed at breakfast . he was only a few years younger than i was , but his naivety was expressed in his every movement . i bet he will be something pitiful . maybe a deer . if he changes his outlook and becomes a bit more curious maybe he will get a fox . then , he could at least appear as a predator instead of prey . not that he could make much of it anyway . newline newline  hi big bro . are you going to school today ?  he plaintively asked . newline newline  damn little bro , could your eyes get any bigger ?  i sneered .  you are going to end up with one of those little nocturnal monkeys on your shoulder . or those fish in the deep ocean . you do nt want to have to drag around an oarfish , do you ?  he was so pitiful . so innocent . so ... useless . why did i have to be born into this family of weaklings ? newline newline my mother , 8 months pregnant  again  finally pulled her girth around the doorway from the bedroom . she looked like she wanted to say something about the way i was treating my brother , but could nt work up the courage to put the words together . damn this place is pitiful . i shot her a sneer and said  nah little bro , i m not . it s my 18th , no one has any obligations on their 18th . you know that .  dumbass . people like him get chewed up and spit out .  i m gon na hit the town . got ta live it up with some real folks before i lose my shit . see ya !  i twisted my body out of my chair and made a beeline to the door . like hell i would stay here , or go to a shitty school filled with bottom feeders on a day like today . newline newline i hit the town running and met with my buds  most of which were playing hooky to hang with me  . everyone knew i was going to be a kind apart from these losers . they just wanted in on the action , front row seats to the sight of a lifetime . we stalked the town , hopping from bar to club and back again . no one here gives a shit about how old you are , so long as you have a line of credit . hell , my buddy bob even threw in a free shot or two for my birthday . not that i would want to spend this evening in a state of anything but buzzed . newline newline at 7:40 , my crew made its way to the old abandoned construction site . place was supposed to be a new skyscraper , but some schmuck at the top of the social pyramid got caught with a fucking botfly as a familiar . fucking disgusting . so the abandoned project left me with a big open space , perfect for whatever giant might leap from my flesh . i counted down the minutes to my big unveiling . 7:49 . god could this hurry up . i needed show the world what i was . i needed to take control . 7:53 . wonder what my other friends would have as familiars . steve was probably going to be a lynx or something , smarmy bastard . gerald already got a dog . makes sense . lots of brute force , not a lot of brain . good at following orders . 7:57 . only a couple of minutes now . at 7:59 i suddenly felt a lurch in my stomach . my guts themselves felt like they were filled with fishhooks , all tugging toward my navel . newline newline you . yes . you will do nicely to bring me into this world .  newline newline i heard a voice in my head . was that supposed to happen ? i had never heard about it from anyone else . newline newline a dark chuckle erupted from between my temples . no child , this is not like the summonings you have seen before . i am more . much more .  newline newline despite my gut feeling as if it were being rent from within , my heart soared . i had something truly greater than these puny people , something that could talk ! i would be king ! newline newline the voice began again with a deep rumble newline newline of course . your disdain for others was a perfect catalyst for my being . as well as your fury . yes , you will do nicely .  newline newline my arm spasmed and shook as a scaly texture took form in my flesh . what was merely pain before took on new life , and shook me to my very core . my changing arm flailed , and knocked away greg , who had come too close . he was sent sprawling , despite being nearly twice my weight and having the manifestation of an elephant . i fell to my hands and knees and vomited bile and alcohol , along with a few specs of what i suspected to be ash . one was even still burning before it was snuffed out by the vile puddle under me . i stood again against my will , my now taloned arm lashing out again . this time , it struck with purpose , knocking greg against the side of the building and leaving a bloody smear where his head had connected . greg s eyelids fluttered and went dark . gerald turned and tried to subdue me , loyal till the end . he was met with a quick death , as my taloned arm moved faster than i could react to pluck out his heart . steve , in his infinite wisdom , tried to flee . he fell as well , tripped and skewered by the tail that was rapidly growing from my spine . newline newline  why are you doing this !  i screamed aloud .  i needed them to start my new world !  newline newline they are as nothing the voice shook me to my very core i need more nourishment than your feeble form can provide me .  newline newline it was then that i knew true fear . as i stalked toward the fallen body of greg , newly fanged mouth agape , i knew what was to come . greg s eyes snapped open , and as he screamed his final breath my consciousness faded to black . newline newlinethe gray scientist smirked as he poured himself another glass of wine . decades of research had finally paid off . the children were already spread across the city . each of them was genetically pure , and in a few more years they would release a toxin , rendering the impure races sterile . newline newline it had been a hard battle . that detective girl found him out and had nearly ruined the whole thing . however , she did nt know about the minister . while she was busy looking through laboratories and state buildings and hospitals , the minister was quietly handing out children through the church . newline newline even if she knew , by this point it would be too late . the children were designed , by neccessity , to camoflage their existence . they would look like any other child until their fifth birthday , after which they would replace humanity . it was almost beautiful how it worked  it was genetic engineering turned into an art form . newline newline the gray scientist knew he was going to die when he entered his mansion . the detective was relentless and brilliant . she probably thought she could save some small fragment of society as long as he did not live to create more perfect children . she might even be right . it did nt matter though  he had already won . he confidently entered the mansion with a selfrighteous grin on his face . victory is mine newline newline in an instant his heart sunk . he thought he had been prepared for anything . no matter what form of death the detective chose to give him , he had resolved to take it pridefully . but now he could not even stand . his entire consciousness broke  he fell to the floor , he wept , he retched . his body , mind , and soul all screamed out in pain . newline newline the detective had been waiting for him . she stood in the center of the main hall , smiling victoriously . to the scientist she looked like a demon who had just stolen some poor man s soul . there had been twentyfive children created through his work . they looked the same as any other child . he has thought it impossible to distinguish between his children and a normal child . newline newline the scene in front of him revealed the detective s solution . his twentyfive perfect children were in the room , mutilated and torn apart . she had collected each and every one of them and ended their life . how had she identified his children ? newline newline the scientist cursed himself . it was impossible to tell them apart . the detective knew this as well as he did . while he believed this made his plan invincible , she simply reached the obvious solution . newline newline she did nt need to know which children were his . as long as she killed every child in the city she would be certain that his twentyfive were among them . his twentyfive children were in this room , murdered , along with over a hundred others . newline newline he could also tell that this was nt a move of desperation either . each of the corpses had the same intricate set of wounds , designed to ensure death without triggering any toxins . he thought she had been searching the city on a wild goose chase , but he could see now that was a deception . she knew from the start that the scientist was nt the one distributing the children . she already knew what she would have to do . she visited his labs to understand how the toxin would be released . she visited statehouses and hospitals to learn which households had young children . newline newline with full knowledge of his defeat , the scientist could only weep as the detective calmly walked up to him . she leaned down , whispered  i win ,  and carefully plunged the knife into his chest . slowly and methodically , his corpse was added to the pile .she was blessed among daughters , they told her , crowned with the gift of the everlasting woods . newline newline from a young age she was enclosed in the shrine of the great temple and there , every day , numerous people from all lands would seek audience with her . newline newline with a song , she healed . newline newline with a song , she watched the days past by in countless repetition as the shadows drew low over her chambers . newline newline then one day something happened to break the monotony of her life . a boy broke into the temple . newline newline he was a thief . one of many starving children wandering the streets of the great city . he had come to steal ornaments of the temple to sell in the streets . he amused her . he gave her his scarf in exchange for the ornaments . he left . newline newline the next night , he returned . newline newline she did nt notice it at first , but they grew close as time passed . by the time she had reached maidenhood she began to see the strength of his form and the pleasure in his smile . newline newline but his visits began to grow infrequent . he was going to get married soon , he told her , for the ornaments he had stolen had made him wealthy . newline newline when he was not on his guard , she brushed against his arm . newline newline a curse sank into his skin . he did nt notice of course , but he came to her later in the temple to be healed as one of her ardent worshippers . she blessed him then , removing the cough he had developed . she cursed him again . newline newline he returned about a week later , a strange rash had developed on his arms . she blessed him . she cursed him . newline newline he returned with a bloodied cough . he had to stay longer for healing , she told him , because it would be a difficult treatment . newline newline she blessed him . she cursed him . he had to stay with her forever if he wanted to see the next day . newline newline she cursed him . curses spilled forth from her song . the temple grew into a deathly , shadowy place . she cused her worshippers for amusement , to savour the fear and the worry on their faces . she cursed daily until one day she found that her healing had turned into a curse . newline newline it was a man . a man came to her requesting a cure from a persistent backache . he was a simple merchant . he was a simple man . she touched his shoulder and his spine healed . his spine healed and shot out through his back , hardening into a taillike carapace . his eyes grew with worship . his flesh warped and deformed . newline newline yes , he was healed . he was also cursed . newline newline she raised her voice and cursed the city .drifting . newline newline they have been drifting for a while now and it is mesmerizing . newline newline hypnotizing . newline newline the blinds on the window that is . they are drifting . dancing . newline newline i believe now they are performing a particularly elegant movement from swan lake . such grace and style ! the beautiful plis , the delicate pirouettes , the perfect arabesques ! newline newline ah , but now they have stopped . a shame . i applauded for them , but they refused to take a bow . newline newline instead , one of them lifted a single finger . not drifting . accusing . newline newline accusing me .  forgive me father , for i have sinned . i have spent too much time studying ballet with my window coverings and not quite enough time on studying small poison tablets that hide in orange bottles . newline newline still it points . accusing . a single finger . newline newline the blinds stare at me . urging me . blaming me . pulling me . newline newline they are drifting again . newline newline an orange bottle , caught in the wind of their drift , falls from the table . o. lan . za . pine . four strange syllables that blow away in the dance and sink to the bottom of swan lake . newline newline i take their hand , try to dance , but i am not fast enough . instead , i only spin before they throw me to the floor and i am left dizzy , so dizzy . newline newline small white poison tablets all over the floor spilling . overflowing . replicating . newline newline and now a voice is whispering in me , urging me . pulling me . blaming me . newline newline  come dance .  the blinds want me . they need me . they know me . newline newline swan lake seems so beautiful . i close my eyes and dive into its cool clear waters , and i am clean , so clean , cleaner than i ve ever been , and there is music all around , all around . newline newline the dance goes on , and i join , trampling the poison underfoot like so many eggshells . i do not need to poison the lake , because then would nt that kill all of the fish ? and the swan , of course , so beautiful , she too would perish . newline newline it is so calm here at the bottom of the lake . dark , and cool , and pleasant . newline newline the music echoes all around , and i gladly let it seep into my lungs . newline newline i drown , and it is perfect . no one will ever look for my body at the bottom of swan lake . newline newline and so i will be like the blinds forever . newline newline drifting . newline no , sir ,  mark stated with a sigh ,  you are not .  newline newline  blasphemy !  johnson slammed a fist onto his desk .  i am your new god , and as such , you will give me due homage !  newline newline mark sighed again . it s only tuesday , why do we have to be going through this right now ?   sir , i can most definitely assure you that you are not any type of god .  newline newline  blasphemy !  johnson roared .  i was given all power over you , mere mortal peon ! i can give you wealth , or take your life as i see fit !  newline newline does this count as harassment ? well , let s start with the reasonable approach .   while i wo nt try to argue the point of you giving me wealth , sir , i should note that it s more your obligation to pay me , as i am working for you . however , i m relatively certain that if you were to kill me , you would get into quite a lot of trouble .  newline newline  lies ! i should smite you with a bolt of lightning where you stand !  newline newline  please put the taser back into your desk , sir .  newline newline with a slam , and a glare that promised retaliation on any who dared admit to having seen what just happened , johnson did so .  i ca nt have my high priest openly questioning my godhood , you know !  newline newline  secretary , sir , and general aide in general .  mark paused for a second . well ,  he shrugged mentally , that is what it says on my business card . though i should nt have let him design them for me .   and i m not questioning it , i m openly refuting it .  newline newline  blasphemy !  johnson screamed again . newline newline  actually , i ve given it a bit of thought , sir , and i m rather certain that it would be heresy , actually . heresy being a different , supposedly false teaching , after all .  newline newline  so you admit to being a heretic , then ? i can have you burned at the stake for that , you know !  newline newline mark stroked his chin thoughtfully .  on second thought , it may not be . heresy is generally an internal matter , after all . false prophets are heretics , whereas someone who has direct claims or accusations against a god would be a blasphemer , i suppose .  he tilted his head as he stared thoughtfully into space .  though is nt it also blasphemy to falsely declare yourself to be god ?  newline newline johnson shot out of his chair , shouting ,  it is no such thing ! and i will prove it with a miracle ! behold as i summon my most loyal servant !  newline newline mark s phone began buzzing . he ignored it .  sir , you simply used your speed dial to call me . that s not a miracle , it s technology .  newline newline sullenly , johnson tossed his phone onto his desk .  then behold as i make my voice fill the air like thunder !   newline newline mark reached across the desk and smacked johnson s hand away from the pa button .  sir , we ve discussed what the pa may and may not be used for . you remember the last point ? i may not  say it with me , sir . i may not use ...   newline newline  i may not use the pa to gvvflsnsrmrgls ,  johnson muttered . newline newline  what was that ? speak clearly .  newline newline  i may not use the pa to give false signs or miracles .  johnson yelled , fists balled , eyes shut . newline newline  very good , sir . now ,  mark clapped his hands and stepped back .  if we re almost done with this , you have a meeting with company shareholders in about five minutes . i ve prepared notes for you , and everything should be in order . so if you ll come along , sir ... ?  newline newline johnson started for the door , shuffling his feet morosely .  i still wan na burn you at the stake , you know ,  he grumbled . newline newline  well , i am having a barbecue this weekend , and you know how my wife loves when you and your wife visit , sir .  newline newline johnson perked up a bit at that . newline newline  and yes , i ll have the special sauce available .  newline newline johnson openly smiled at that .  this is pleasing to me , young man !  a beam of light shot through the window and outlined his smiling face .  a fitting offering for me !  newline newline mark sighed and shook his head as his boss left his office ahead of him . of all the ... it s cloudy , how did he ... ?  mark paused , thought for a minute , then walked out of the room as well .  and sir , do i need to write up rules for the company spotlights , as well ?  you need to sit up straight or i m going to embarrass you ,  the words slipped from my lips to her ears , gently reinforcing what i m sure she should have remembered from my lessons on etiquette . i gave her sister a pointed look and she also straightened up from her slouched posture . a small smile of good humour bloomed on my lips and i could nt help but let out a little chuckle . i love being a mother . newline newline  and now , a word from mr  the man on the podium continued to drone on and on about our special guest of the day , the bright lights above highlighted a slight sheen of sweat on his forehead . poor man , i know just how difficult and emotionally charged being up on that podium is , especially with an audience of this caliber . i snapped out of my thoughts as the crowd roared with approving applause and as a couple of groups starting chanting . the man gave the crowd a slight smile before he stepped aside . the crowd went wild as a man entered stage right and made his way toward the podium . i could feel my eyes dilate slightly from adoration as they followed his every movement . there he is , the one and only love of my life . pride bloomed within my chest . newline newline his hair used to be a solid black color , but now it was peppered with white from the stress . he now had more wrinkles on his face , a testament to how many times his job had pushed him to the breaking point . it did nt matter to me , really , my heart beat all the same for him since we meet all those years ago . i could only focus on the sight of him , i ve already heard his speech one too many times , considering i helped him write it after all , and could probably deliver it as good as he , possibly even better if i may say so myself . newline newline and suddenly we were making eye contact . i could feel the smile on my lips grow exponentially as one appeared on his . i could hear sasha giggling at the obvious display of affection between us . the crowd was practically cooing also and i wanted to let out a laugh at the amount of pure joy i felt . it was just us in this moment , our failures , our successes , our struggles , our triumphs ... how do kids say it nowadays ? my a1 since day 1 ? yes . that s right , my only one from day one . newline newline i closed my eyes as the tears seemed to collect out of nowhere . this moment felt so pure to me , everything was just so perfect . i would never forget this moment for the rest of my life . newline newline the first thing i noticed was the consistent beeping sound , almost like a heart monitor , and then followed by the shuffling of papers and scribbling of pens . the smell of antiseptic hit next and then the sounds of whispering and murmurs of low voices . newline newline  she seems to be reacting positively to the treatment  call him in .  someone grunted in understanding and the sound of foot steps on tile sounded before a door slid open somewhere . my eyes felt like they were sealed by rubber but i managed to peel them open , a grown escaping my lips as the lights above hit my retinas . a kind faced lady peered over her clipboard to shoot me a warm smile . newline newline  good morning , how are you feeling today ?  madeline . that s her name . the name was associated with her face , i m sure of it , i do nt remember how but i know . i returned her smile and shifted my body slightly . newline newline the pain that shot through my skull almost knocked me back out . the lights above seemed to start strobing , bright and intense like looking at the sun and blinking rapidly . i wanted to grab my head and scream but something was holding them down along with my feet . everything was flashing , images , emotions , scents , sounds , the feelings of love and acceptance , fear , depression , relief ... and then it was done . just like that . newline newline  mom ! mom !  i could feel the film of cold sweat that had covered my body in the few seconds that had just passed . the pain was gone , thank god , and malia was now staring down at me rather than madeline . a frown found it s way to my face as my eyes traced the lines of worry and concern that had etched permanent marks onto her face . my baby was nt supposed to look like this , sad or burdened . my husband and i have worked too damn hard for her to need to worry about anything but her grades . newline newline speak of the devil , from over maliaa shoulder i could see his concerned face . his laugh lines had gotten deeper , his skin more wrinkled . but his eyes , oh his eyes , they were still looking at me with so much love and everything was ok again . newline newline  mr. president , her memories seem to be returning at a steady rate and her mind has been integrating them into her remaining memories exceptionally well . there has nt been any signs of the tumor returning . she might be able to regain all of her memories and motor functions by the end of the year if this treatment is coupled with physical rehab .  i could see my baby nod his head in acknowledgment . newline newline  you do nt have to call me mr. president anymore , that was a while ago . please send someone for sasha . she went to the cafeteria to grab some lunch .  there was a sound of understanding and everyone else started to clear out of the room . newline newline tbc ... everybody get on the floor , this is a bank robbery !  the robber shouted , brandishing a glock overhead . to his surprise , neither the tellers nor the customers responded , but rather carried about their business as usual . newline newline  sir ,  chimed in a mousy teller in a soft voice ,  could you please keep your voice down ? you re disturbing the other customers .  newline newline  are you deaf ? ! did nt you hear me ? this is a robbery !  newline newline  sir , if you d like to make a withdrawal , please form a line where the sign indicated and wait for one of the tellers to call you forward please .  newline newline the robber looked back at the sign , there were several people already waiting  i ... oh for fucks sake , fine .  the robber , still wearing his mask , formed up behind them and waited five minutes to be called by the same teller who had hushed him before . newline newline  okay you little shit , now put all the money in the bag or i ll blow your brains out .  newline newline  do you have a withdrawal form ?  newline newline  i ... what ? listen you dumb bitch , do nt you understand that i m robbing you ?  newline newline  well i ca nt give you any money unless you have the proper withdrawal form . please go fill one out at the island and go to the back of the line . newline newline the robber tried to give her a threatening glare and brandish his pistol , but she had already called the next customer , a fat , middle aged woman who was briskly making her way up to the teller . newline newline  out of my way , i m in a hurry .  newline newline  fuck you , lady !  newline newline the woman , no more than 5 feet tall , drew herself with a contemptuous pomp and shoved him out of the way . the robber , helpless , grumbled and went to the island , shoved his pistol into his trousers took a withdrawal form and wrote  i am robbing you . give me all of your money .  another wait in the line , made longer because one of the tellers went on break , had passed and he came to the same teller a second time . newline newline  you have nt filled this out properly .  newline newline  god damn it , has everyone gone insane ! ?  newline newline  look , sir , i can fill out a new withdrawal form for you , if you do nt know how to do it yourself .  newline newline  that fucking does it !  the robber reached back again for his gun . he patted around for it , but could nt find it anywhere  where the fuck s my gun ? !  newline newline  gun ? sir , you did see the sign outside , did nt you ? firearms are nt permitted within the premises .  newline newline  bbut i brought it in with me !  newline newline  i ca nt imagine you would have sir , it s not allowed .  newline newline  i ... fuck . i give up . i m going now  newline newline  sir ! before you go .  newline newline  what is it ?  newline newline  would you like to sign up for a checking account ? it comes with a free ipad !  newlinei was absolutely excited when the letter came in about winning a trip to a beautiful castle . i did nt remember entering the contest , but after calling the number and talking to the man who i only know by mr. white , i could tell it was all true . the flight took a while to get there , but when i drove up in my small rental car to the new place , i was stunned to see it was nothing like the picture . it felt decrepit , long abandoned , and sad . the dark overcast that loomed above the castle did nt help the scene either , but funny how it was never sunny on my stay there . i knocked on the door using the old rusted door handle that laid there , cobwebs broke as i reached . i pretended i just won a marathon of a race i did nt knew i joined in order to deter myself from the idea that there was a large spider at the end of that web . no one answered the door , it only opened itself slowly in an eerie way . my heart tugged me to run , run far away from this place , but my brain said to continue on .  do you really want to spoil your vacation ?  newline newline no , no i did not . i entered the castle , and the inside was as bad of a shape on the outside , but at least it was full of furniture . i m sure with a bit of cleaning i could help out mr. white and maybe it ll all work out . plus , how many people do you know goes on vacation to a castle ? facebook friends would be jealous for sure ! but i did nt expect what that night was going to be . i walked up the stairs of the large lobby , as statues lined up the walls on the sides all of them with a sadness on their face , and on top was clearly the entrance to the master bedroom , oh how large that bed was ! it could have fit ten of me easily . i placed my stuff down next to the dresser , and tossed my body across the bed . the flight got me exhausted , but i swear i felt someone touch my face . my eyes opened quickly , but i saw nothing , just the flicker of the candle that i turned on , and my belongings next to the door . newline newline  wait , did nt i drop it down next to the dresser ?  i said to myself , maybe my exhausted mind was playing tricks on me . shaking my head , i tossed those ideas away and laid back down , and before i knew it , i slept . newline newline i awoke violently as i heard a loud crash outside the bedroom door . i quickly grabbed a heavy candle stick as i slowly tip toed my way out of the room and into the lobby . i peered over the balcony and i saw my stuff thrown and tossed over the ground . newline newline  who is there ?  i screamed , but the only response was a haunting echo , one that reminded me of how lonely i was starting to feel . how did my things fall ? did i leave them in the hallway ? no , i left it by the door . i m sure of it this time . the door behind me slammed shut , as i raced toward it but it was locked . maybe the windows created a draft that pushed it closed and it was already in locking position . yeah , that s what i ll tell myself , there s an explanation for everything , right ? ghosts stories and supernaturals were only stories to scare little kids , but i m an adult now , i can explain everything ! the candle that lit the lobby went out , and the darkness was setting in . i ran down the stairs , stumbling a bit and reaching for the flashlight that i packed in my belongings . as i clicked it on , i swore i saw a shadow move . it was like a figure , standing right behind me , but when i looked , there was nothing there . the heavy feeling of something watching over me would nt go away , and i was starting to feel afraid of moving anywhere . another door opened in front of me , one that lead downstairs . i m not dumb enough to fall for that ! every scary movie , anyone who goes into the basement dies , i have that much , i ll just leave . newline newline but the house would nt let me . the door was stuck , and a flickering light was now coming from the basement door . why me ? this is nt vacation , this is nt fun anymore ! is this some sort of sick twisted reality show by mr. white ? i could see my family watching the hidden video cameras and laughing . but my mind kept pulling me to the only light source i knew nothing of , so i trudged , and continued on toward it . the basement was cold , damp , you could smell the mold as it sort of choked your breath . still , my mind s curiosity grew stronger . as i finished the long , spiraling stairwell , i entered a room where a movie was playing . i did nt know of what , but it was old clearly , and black and white . it seemed to be suspenseful , but i could nt tell . there was a seat there , so i figured , why not ? newline newline oh , how wrong i was . the moment i sat down chains locked around my feet and wrists , and from the corner was a man . when he spoke , i knew who it was , mr. white . newline newline  now let s start another experiment ... .  were the last words i remember about him . now i m stuck , trapped as another statue knight , unable to move , unable to warn others that breeze into here . he placed me on the lobby , taunting me i know , as people come in , but never leave , each one into a new statue . one of them said they even swore they saw a tear down my eye . i m sorry i could nt save you . my memories slowly disappear each day , i start to remember less and less , and i could feel myself losing the human side of me . i only wish i could warn others before i m completely a statue . newline newline please hel ... ... .. nancy , i ca nt believe it ! seriously ?  newline newline  oh my god , you will never forgive me for that , i should nt have said anything .  newline newline  are you kidding me ? i love killing people !  newline newline  really ?  newline newline  of course ! the smell of blood , the comforting rumble of my chainsaw , the desperate screams ... . can there be anything more beautiful and poetic ?  newline newline  you are so right ! i knew it , i hoped you would understand ! and daggers  daggers are so attractively beautiful and deadly , just like me in my black spandex suit and a demonichorse mask ! preying on my victims , swiftly and silently slaughtering humans , watching them beg for mercy as i sacrifice them to the lord of darkness .  newline newline  honey , you say the sweetest things ! do you want to go catch a bum , set him on fire , and have a beautiful romantic dinner near his burning body ?  newline newline  of course , i ve dreamed about it ever since i have been a little girl !  newline newline  we are truly the soulmates , are nt we ?  newline newline  yes , we are . batman s sweat drenched his skin tight bat suit . newline newline  your a tough one to catch  selena slowly paced her way over to batman . her suit softer and less tight than batman s . it had a long zipper down the front which was pulled down far enough to reveal her pale , white bosom . the edge of a nipple just barely peaking out . newline newline  you could say i m slippery  gravelled newline batman . his arm found its way around the woman and his hand caressed her ass . it was firm , solid and of course lovable . selena s body rubbed up against batman like a cat . her hand fell to his large chest . she could feel his heart thumping loudly through the suit . muscles tightened as they locked their bodies around each other . then came that laugh . oh , god the laughter . noone could forget that laughter . newline newline  room for one more ?  a face twisted itself out of the darkness . at first the only thing you could make out was the smile . that bright red smile that kept batman awake in fear . the face came next . all the makeup made it hard to disern the disfigurement : scars and bruises , mementos to all of batman s past failures newline newline  joker !  batman reached for a batarang , and push selena away , but only felt a peircing pain in his right hand . selena s nails dug into him and he could nt move . newline newline  some kind of toxin , paralysis . selena why ?  batman still had the ability to turn his head to look at selena , but he did not turn . newline newline  i ve been waiting for this day for a long time . do nt worry , there was a healthy dose of viagra mixed with that toxin .  the joker slowly approached with a knife drawn . his breath smelled like the sewer he bent down and placed the knife at batman s crotch . the knife dug into the leather layer of the bat suit . but ... newline newline alas do nt take fright . robin joined the fight . robin swooped in with his sweeps and his flaps . he was able to get the knife with his weeps and his daps . joker and cat woman were so oh full of piss . that they might just have to call their mom or sis . batman was still stunned , while that baddies were all shunned . the lad lead with a kick and bat at the cat but she flip and cloped . the joker thought about joining , but left , for this comic was a flop . newline the cat clawed and hiss . the bird sung and tissed . newline newline the fight was long and brutal . it may of been crucial . a bat s heart is nt easy to win , yet it s simple to make one sin . the battle bared fruit , the cat gave in . batman slowy began to move again . then batman and robin left to find somewhere unseen , which is perfecly okay , because in this writing prompt robin s eighteen . newline newline edit : kind hard to write and edit on mobile . i apologize for errors . newlinedisclaimer : i am a novice writer . any critiquing is encouraged . newline newline i died . i cant.. quite remember how . but that s not important anymore.. i do nt think . all i know is that i woke up to a blinding white light in a huge building . newline newline i woke up on the floor and sat up for a second , looking around . the building was a sort of strange looking storage warehouse . i sat there for a few minutes , looking around at the shelves of papers and parchments that seemed to be miles high . i stood up and brushed myself off , and my eyes found a door in a wall , maybe 40 feet from where i was . i began walking to the door , slowly , and felt unsure . i did nt know where the door led , but i wanted to get out of the warehouse . it felt like someone was watching me . newline newline as i turned the handle of the door , i was shocked at what i saw . outside of the warehouse stood a dozen people . they were lined up side by side , but they did nt seem to be locked there . i walked up to them and frantically asked where i was and why they were standing there . none of them answered . i turned around , and found myself face to face with a man . i was surprised , and jumped back . newline newline  well , hello ! welcome to  the man s body shuddered ,  heaven ! my name is abrae .  he forced a  quite terrifying  smile onto his face , and leaned close to my ear .  be careful . he watches .  newline newline  who watches ?  i asked , slightly worried . newline newline  him .  abrae said quietly , turning around .  follow me .  newline newline i turned and looked at the group of people behind us . their solemnlooking eyes were locked on something in the distance , but their mouths all had the same forced smile that abrae did . one of the women in the group was different though . she stared directly at me , her body shaking , as though she was terrified of what might happen next . as i walked away , she grabbed my arm . newline newline  i m so sorry . what he is about to do . i m so sorry .  she sobbed . newline newline the others did nt acknowledge her sobbing . two smiling men ran out from a conveniently placed shed , and dragged the crying woman away from the group , bringing her into the tiny shed . newline newline to be continued ? i m not sure if this fits the prompt..her head was foggy with the beginnings of the mists of sleep . looking up from her book , odessa shifted her gaze to the scenic nature scene outside . however , the drops of rain did nothing to relieve the strain from her red eyes . newline newline a deep sigh led her to follow the path of a raindrop on her window pane as it consumed more drops in its path . newline newline just then , from the corner of her eye , she saw green drops falling from the tree as if the color was draining out of this painting . concentrating on it did not bring back the comfort of reality though , but only served to heighten the bizarre and beautiful anomaly unfolding . newline newline her backyard was melting away , as if the drops of rain served only to wash away the gloom . the dark seemed yo seep away still , bleeding away its gray tones . on the ground gathered gathered clumps of color like a palette . and the sky was a canvas . newline newline  woah ,  she said as the colors began to come alive before her eyes . with a life of its own , the trees and grass melted away , transforming into little brown specks . pieces of the sky cracked and fell , letting in the warmth of the sun . in the distance , raindrops accumulated into a steady body that began to move with the gentle breeze . newline newline the rain stopped and the beach lay before her framed in the kaleidoscopic lenses of a thousand peaceful raindrops . newlinei knew , when they gave me this choice , that i would outlive my loved ones . i knew i would find new loved ones , and they would die on me too . i understood , in some small way at the time , that it would be painful . i thought the beauty of the world would make up for that pain . the pain that was unimaginably more impactful than i imagined . newline newline in some small ways , it did help . for all its follies and faults , humanity was amazing . i saw the colonization of mars . the launch of manned missions that were never meant to return to earth , and never did . i saw the failure of  mutually assured destruction  , and the fallout from barren wasteland that was russia . somehow , even warmongering man seemed to realize its mistake , and countries rapidly agreed to dismantle their weapons . newline newline i saw first contact . i saw the blurring of country borders as we were quickly forced to become the people of earth to maintain our human concepts of strength and dignity before these strangers . through it all , i watched . i never meant to play an important role in the events of history , and i never did . my age did not give me any wisdom aside from the realization of my mistake . newline newline even after i stopped interacting with any living being capable of interacting in turn , watching still somehow satisfied me . i would sit still for years as trees would grow between my fingers  nature would inevitably force the apathetic to make way for its kingdom . newline newline though she changed , my planet was my reliable companion . empires formed and crumbled , species were conceived and then flickered out of existence . i could not say that it made me sad when she became too hot for life but me . the expanding sun covered her surface in molten flames , and though i could have left , i chose to burn my soles and live with flame on her surface . though i persisted in living , i felt every pain worthy of death . newline newline i had lived past delusion . i thought myself a goddess of this planet . i thought  i hoped i would die with her . newline newline i was wrong . newline newline now i am here . surrounded by vastness and beauty . the stars never looked as brilliant as they do now . i marvel at them as i constantly suffocate . if i had strength or hope , i would end my life . i have not tried since my children  s death . i have not the strength to live nor the strength to die . i find myself somewhere inbetween . newline112015 newline democracy is live and well . while the class system still exist , the black and white prejudices that exist today are grey in the future and exist in small pockets in rural areas . although blacks have made individual advancements in every industry , their community as a whole is stunted as they are still minorities in a growing nation with no capital , resources , or ownership of land . despite this , i am ecstatic to report there is a black president and he s from chicago . newline newline equality is nt had by just the blacks but women have somehow earned the right to vote , speak , and own just as equal to men and a woman president is not far fetched in the future . i do nt know how i feel about this as i think it s great for my mother , indifferent for my wife , and saddened for my daughter s . who will take pride in the home and production of goods and food ? surely not men . newline newline advances in machinery and industry has led to technologies and inventions that are unimaginable to the present and it s not necessarily a good thing ... fat people everywhere . the production of goods and food has been monopolized by just a handful of businesses . self sufficiency is all but gone in exchange for convenience . amongst all the advances there is one that rises above all others and that is the cell phone . it is the size and weigh of a parcel of mail and in it exist everything from universities of information and recorded theatre to paperless mail . i see everyone with one and all business is conducted on these things . school children learn on these , politicians vote on these , and everyone entertains themselves on these . newline newline despite all these new changes some things never change like the desire for alcohol and lustful women . both of which are in high demand . newline newline i shall return to my present affairs with great comfort knowing my decision to end slavery as i can is the right decision and john wilkens booth shall be arrested forthwith on charges of treasonthe blue shell moved at impossibly fast speeds down the track . jimmy tried in vain to swerve out of the way , but yoshi spun out just before the finish line . i probably didn  t need to sideswipe him on my way into first place but it  s what bowser would have wanted . newline newline  jesus dude , are you sure you  ve never played mario kart . first place on rainbow road with bowser ? are you guys messing with me ?  jimmy looked like he was having a hard time accepting this loss . something i  ve never had to do . newline newline  we told you he always wins  nikki chimed in ,  like at everything.  newline newline  i know a game he can  t win at.  a sly grin came over jimmy  s face . i was excited though , i wanted to lose . i wanted the sting of defeat , the thrill of needing to be better , to have a worthy opponent . newline newline     two artificial beeps emanated from jimmy  s mouth . there should have been words there but . did he just censor himself ? everyone else is laughing , what did he say ? newline newline  i didn  t hear you , say it again.  maybe i was just hearing the tv or someone  s ring tone . newline newline     the same monotone noises concealed his words . the other groaned , were they not hearing these beeps ? newline newline  has no one explained this to you ?  jimmy could read the obvious confusion on my face .  you see           . that  s all there is to it.  newline newline am i having a stroke ? is hearing beeping instead of words something that happens during a stroke ? newline newline  i can  t understand what you  re saying.  i said , trying to keep calm . newline newline  it pretty simple  jimmie tried explaining again , this time picking up a notepad from the table . he wrote a few words in huge letters and turned it around for me to see .              newline newline the beeps kept coming out of jimmy or maybe just from inside my head . and the notepad ! a huge black redaction rectangle covered the words that were on the page . the black bars seems to follow the notepad as it moved in jimmies hand . this this can  t be real life . what  s happening to me ? what is this game ? newline newline newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  nbsp  newline  nbsp  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  the game newline newline you lose11:00 p.m. : the large team of janitors have finally cleaning up the six floors of the ikea store , two hours after closing time . the bathrooms are the first areas to cleaned , and the janitors usually don  t enter an area they cleaned already , so it  s safe to hide out there immediately after until they leave . i waited thirty minutes after the main lights went out , then stepped out into my personal furniture playground . newline newline after a trek to the swedish kitchen , i microwaved a couple of vfflor waffles , warmed up the softserve machine and cracked opened a jar of lingonberry preserves for a late night  la mode . kicking my feet up on a cushy timsfors swivel reclining chair and turned on the 56  plasma display television . newline newline getting kicked out of my apartment was actually a blessing in disguise , my job at ikea would provide me with food and shelter rent free , and i don  t even have to commute . i had full reign of the kitchen and my pick of the comfiest beds and furniture known to man . now that i didn  t have to pay for food or living expenses , i found myself with an abundance of cash which i can use for more useful purposes , like netflix . newline newline halfway through watching  road house  i heard a sound . my heart jumped and muted the sound . i listened closely ,  hello ? is anyone there ?  a faint voice called out . they sounded scared , not like they were looking for intruders . i hesitantly made my way to the source , on a lower level . i finally reached the warehouse floor , and saw a man wandering around . he looked like an average customer , only with very unkempt hair and wearing tattered , dirty clothes . newline newline  who are you ?  i yelled with some authority , thinking i might pass myself off as a security guard . the man whipped around with saucerwide eyes . newline newline  oh thank god !  he jogged over to me and gripped my shoulders ,  i  ve been trapped in this hell hole for two days now ! i have no idea how to navigate my way out of here , but now i  m saved !  he began to hysterically giggle and pulled me into a tight uncomfortable hug . newline newline a second later he gasped ,  trevor ! he  s still out there !  and broke away from the hug . newline newline  wait , who is trevor ?  newline newline  my boyfriend !  he spat an inch away from my face . his voice began to elevate .  we came together to pick out furniture for our first place together . first we disagreed on what kind of lighting we wanted , then we had a fight about what style of dinnerware set , and then the type of toilet paper holder , and then   newline newline i held my hand up to his face ,  hey ! calm down . it  s ikea , all couples fight here . now where did you see him last ?  newline newline  we got separated in the textile section  i took him up to the third floor and found another shabby looking man with a long shaggy beard . upon seeing us , trevor raced to his boyfriend ,  martin !  and the two embraced , all the while uncontrollably crying and apologizing . newline newline trevor looked at me ,  thank you so much ! i don  t know how we would have survived without you !  newline i smiled at the two of them ,  that  s the problem , you  ve been trying to survive in ikea , when you should  ve been living  newline newline a half hour later the three of us had a tray of hot cinnamon buns , trevor and martin snuggled on a norsborg sofa and me in my recliner , all of us rooting for patrick swayze .they looked into the dying sun , not strong enough to darken their eyes . the fires of airships scourged the earth about them and rent apart the few buildings that remained , not tall buildings , only five stories at most , but in these moments the height of humanity . planes fell as meteorites to the corrugated planet , shaking it lightly like the two lovers quivering atop a promontory before the city . in an unreal fury man shot at one another , no longer caring for tomorrow or any future  it was man untrammeled from passivity , fear , doubt but most of all from judgment . the air thinned . few breaths were left , and with each sacrifice they fed not their own lungs but the fires of a galactic suicide . the lovers , wrapped in each other s arms , waited for the last bombs to drop .i often tell my spawn the story of our arrival to earth . the federative computers randomly drafted me as one of the soldiers that were sent with the invasion force  an armada of twelve warships each holding a legion of roughly seven to tenthousand fully grown khavians , more than enough , said the computers . newline newline when we first reached earth , the khavian vessels it was a colorful bunch made up by the ships of three different clans hung around in orbit for roughly nine months , careful to not make their intention known . this was a common tactic for our race we didn  t mind being known as sneaky backstabbers , as long it served to minimize losses on both sides . we didn  t ritualize violence . we would hang back and study the local agents . most of our soldiers in fact , were specialized in the scientific arts martial skills were secondary . we would get to know the locals and use the knowledge we gathered to effectively take over . newline newline my specialization was in the biotechnological arts . i was in one of the first teams to be tasked to investigate the human as an organism . what we found at first was not particularly surprising : like with most multicell organisms in the universe , us khavians included , their reproductive systems could be differentiated in roughly two categories , the fusion of two individual organism  s gametes providing a massive advantage in gene diversity compared to , say , organisms that reproduce by cloning themselves . we then discovered that they use culturally encoded signifiers to make the nature of their reproductive systems immediately known to others . such signifiers included the way they styled the proteinthreads that covered their skulls and faces , or the fashion of fabric they covered their bodies with . albeit this was quite uncommon , we had enough records that show that it sometimes tended to happen to happen . newline newline what we discovered next was quite shocking though . i vividly remember the conversation i had with the informatician who volunteered to handle the data our team collected . newline newline  they construct castes based on physical characteristics.  newline newline  like we used to back in the day when being a soldier required the you to have the strong kind of pincers ?  newline newline  no , they do it based on reproductive organs . their reproductive system signifiers seem to permeate their whole newline culture.  newline newline  you mean like the genassians , who employ them in their extensive mating rituals ?  newline newline  no..it  s   newline newline  the yanedi when they were close to extinction ? you know putting a massive emphasis on their reproductive systems in their art and craft and all that.  newline newline  no , kedda . they employ their signifiers in every single spect of their life.  newline the informatician looked puzzled . newline newline  lanoi , what ?  newline newline  we didn  t understand at first either . they had rituals to bind one of each kind to each other , or a number of those who carry the spawn in it  s infant stage to one of the other kind . they give different laboring roles to the carriers.  newline newline  not that weird , the yanedi did it similarly . uh.. the salumenians too i think.  newline newline  no , kedda listen up . at some point in their history they constructed entire ideologies that applied the dualistic principle to made up modes of existence based on their reproductive organs.  newline newline  lanoi . what ?  newline newline  it  s as if they invented two different species out of themselves.  newline newline  that  s it kind of resembles the reproductive cycle of the var  newline newline  the varassian floaters ? no with humans this isn  t a thing us biotechnicians can handle . this is pure ideology . it exists because they want it to , it  s not physical , kedda , it  s completely weird.  newline newline  and very fascinating  newline newline with time , more and more khavians were caught up in this fascination . we learned what that weird thing was the humans invented , and we learned their word for it gender . we used it as a loanword . many khavians wanted to try it out . it didn  t take long until arguments erupted , and two factions of khaviangenderists formed : the phallicians , who believed that those of us who carried the infant should perform the male , because the organ we used to extract gametes from our partners resembled the gametedispensing organ of humans , which seemed to be the organ their entire ideology was constructed on . the phallicians therefore thought the physical resemblance should be the most important aspect in the distribution of gender among kavians . the other faction , the uterians , believed that functional resemblance was more important than aesthetical resemblance . they said if we carry the infant , we should perform the female , like the human carriers do . the shape of our extractors resembling the dispenser of humans is secondary in their opinion . newline newline nearly all khavians of the invasion force where caught up in this gender thing in one way or another , either leading dogmatic debates about phallicianism and uterianism , the proper way to dominate one another in their relationships , or trying to fight the peer pressure of genderplay . by the time the dust has settled nuclear missiles wreaked havoc upon our ships  the barbarians still used those !  and all those of us lucky enough to survive , because we were on the ground at the time , had nothing to do but live our lives like the humans do , in vile jealousy , needless violence , suspicious and hateful of each other . in the end it turned out that their most dangerous weapon was not their crude machines , but the sheer lunacy of their minds . newlineall i wanted were some serious replies . what do i get ? ronald mcdonald , a feminist and the fucking taco bell dog . newline newline newline newline newline raskreddit newline newline  serious  world war iii newline newline people of reddit , newline newline tell me your thoughts on the united states invading both syria and north korea within the next 24 hours . i d like to hear opinions for and against . newline newline  newline donaldjtrump 1 hr ago newline newline war is too expensive . instead , i recommend building a huge wall around both countries . and we will make them pay for it . newline newline   mitromney 1hr ago newline newline trump , go ruin a business and stop wasting our time . newline newline joeqpublic 1 hr ago newline newline shock and awe , brother ! let s wipe them off the map . newline newline   feministlisa 1 hr ago newline newline why is it always bro this , man that . even my reddit karma is less than every man i know . bs discrimination against women , everywhere i look . how so you know that it was nt a woman asking as op ? newline newline   joeqpublic 1 hr ago newline newline piss off , feminazi . newline newline uspresident 1 hr ago newline newline the op asked for serious replies . you clown s are seriously starting to upset me . newline newline   grammarnerd 1 hr ago newline newline clowns newline newline sorry mr. president . newline newline uspresident 1 hr ago newline newline sorry , mr. president newline newline annqpublic 1 hr ago newline newline wars are good for the economy . let s do it . newline newline   tacobelldog 1 hr ago newline newline so are tacos ! newline newline   ronaldmc 1 hr ago newline newline and big macs newline newline   burgerking 1 hr ago newline newline take them down and it s free fries for everyone on some random day in the future ! newline newline newline newline newline newlinesobek ! imbue me with apotropaic shields and elevate my thoughts and flesh with the strength of a crocodile jaw slamming shut . thoth , move my neurons into lands of milk and honey ! osiris , assemble my distortions to coherency , and keep liquidity of purpose at bay ! isis , mate with me and carry my seed to the gardens of sapphire abstractions ! horus , unhorse the outdated chariots of ego and let loose the hounds upon the hunted melodies of society ! newline newline but the gods remain silent as i walk the wide pavements of the shore along marine drive . the sea is like poured porcelain , the color of a diseased , wormy eye aged by decades of pathological observation of filth and the iconoclastic dissolution of thousands of idols of the god ganesha . it does not reflect the dull sky , still hesitating to set up the awning of a summer night . it does not reflect the tall edifices of offices , residences and hotels . it does not even reflect the half heartedly lit air india building , which is still a few minutes away from where i am . newline newline i look at my watch . it is now three minutes past seven in the evening , 18 minutes since i crossed the urine soaked charni road railway bridge for my quotidian walk . i am stained with sweat , my hair is matted , i am already sensing the impending ennui of this exercise , and my mind refuses to divert itself from reflecting upon the online conversation i had with c. newline newline her words made her seem broken in the way that a diamond might claim to be . it had been weeks since i had conversed with any human being and it was always an operatic experience to interact with c. newline newline i am cruel .  she said . newline newline i had never met the woman , and my only image of her features was the solitary photograph on her facebook , and it morphed in my head , reshaping her features sharply and transforming her into a leather clad dominatrix . she wore stiletto heels , and a leather corset denuded her innocence . her lips were caked in blood red , smeared slightly below her lower lip on the right  an imperfection that humanized her insanity . newline newline they believe i can love .  newline newline her right index finger traced a sinuous line along her leather thigh . a teardrop of sweat appeared from under a strand of hair and whispered down her temple , pausing at her cheek and freezing into an icicle . newline newline on the chat screen , she quoted the lyrics to a song i had never heard . c. was a mistress of music . her barren facebook page was cratered with youtube links ranging from the reverie of smetana  s die moldau to the harmonies of cannibal corpse . newline newline i crush their hearts and abandon them .  newline newline the dominatrix smiled submissively . her eyes glistened . a hum groped the strands of her nymph hair . the frozen ball of sweat melted , slid , dripped from her chin and fell upon the very thigh favored by her sorcerous finger . it collected , and formed a globule of semen . the leather corset stretched and moaned . newline newline my member trembles . the fragile memory collapses like an impudent wave function . i realize where i am . i can not walk here with a hard on . how would they explain it to the worshippers gathered outside my gold plated and gem encrusted stupa , a hundred years from now ? i look at my watch . it is four minutes past seven in the evening . newline newline the pavement hungers beneath the feet of a crowd of people liberated from their daylight regimes by a mandated end to duties . there , between a group of facetiously exhilarated scholars , barks a dog ruined by millennia of abject slavery . there , a man and a woman exchange perversities with sacred overtones . there , a silver haired woman led by sympathies and blood heirs dreams of decapitating every one of her ancestors back until the reign of pulakeshin ii . a man sits on the seawall , reading an upside down , week old newspaper in the sickly orange glow of the streetlights . i can hear his feet tap on the concrete . the rhythm is brubeck  s take five . newline newline i recollect one of c.  s favorite quotations . she recites it vedically whenever the time in her geography rings 2:51 pm , so long as she is conscious and alert . newline newline thought is paraphilia of a mind tormented by nature .  newline newline she says it was revealed to her at 2.51 pm on a coarse day of familial slander , on the dirt covered terrace of an abandoned office of a chartered accountant who had killed himself by self starvation . she was drawn to the arcane secrets infesting the floors of the building . a cyberpunk buddha appeared and ejaculated a string of pearlescent memories in her pineal gland and she had to bite her lip to contain the ecstacy as the memories coagulated into the quotation . newline newline i have learned to picture the scene at 2:52 pm daily . newline newline some distance ahead of me , i see an old man . he is bald , wrinkled , and seemingly toothless . he holds a tattered notebook and a blue diwali lantern in his hands , even though the festival is still months away . he looks at me . his eyes are grey , and the fossilized remnant of a primordial scar decorates the rough texture of his skin . newline newline he opens his mouth wide . his gums are as black as the lungs of genocide . in his throat , i see an eye , despite the darkness . it is bloodshot and dilated . the tiniest bulb of blood erupts from a corner and spreads on the old man  s tongue . his corporeal borders shiver tangibly . newline newline behind me , i hear a feminine gasp . the beginnings of a scream imprisoned by terror escape lips covered by sweaty palms . undoubtedly she sees the eye . or is it the vibrations that now surround the old man ? newline newline a great invisible yawn pulsates within the air , unseen by all , observed by all . a sightless chasm seems to gloat in the space between the old man and the thick populace surrounding him . the dog stops barking . the old man is gone . newline newline after years of experiencing my emotions staid as the placid waters of a dead lake , i feel the upsurge of something overwhelming . in a last ditch effort , i rack my thoughts for the right reaction to play , the right character to become in the theater of the soulless . but i do not have to . where a sandstone colossus once sat , covered with sand and the cracks of millennia , now brewed the microbial lifeform that is the ancestor of us all , and it is gigantic beyond reckoning , and its voice booms in a thunder that silences all other senses except a delicious darwinian delight . i am now ravana slaying rama on the battlefields of lanka . i am now sishupal ravishing the ganga in the blood of the sons of ikshvaku . i am now the bastard son of vritra , breaking the gates of indra  s home with my fangs and poisoning his jugular with my toxins . i am now the lobotomization of time and the derangement of a living nebula . newline newline and as it came , so did it pass . the serenity of a schizoid psyche summons itself back with an apathetic gravity . my senses rise . newline newline the dog is barking again . newline newline i see the man with the upside down newspaper collapse , but his form never hits the ground . it ceases to exist . newline newline the birthing scream emerges from the womb . newline newline a young woman mere feet from me stumbles . her earphones fly and fall upon the pavement even as she disappears . newline newline the umbilical cord of the scream ties itself like a noose around its neck , choking it . newline newline behind me , i hear a roar . in front , i hear the mating call of death . cognizance dawns upon the populace . their horizon is pink with realization . the sun of understanding unveils . newline newline the scream tears its own cord and opens its eyes , viewing the new world in its entire glory . and its hymns echo across the road as the inhabitants of passing vehicles conceive of the event . newline newline and the dog barks . newline newline and the people are in pandemonium . they sing their songs of spinal instincts . newline newline i look at my watch . it is five minutes past seven . the air india building is only a few minutes away . i walk on , and around me , the world witnesses the god of madness incarnating on the planet of the most glorious initiates of his discipline . newline newline and the dog is silent . newline newline and the sea is still as melted porcelain . newline newline i dream of elaichi tea , and c . so , it travels through time ?  newline newline  for the last time , no !  shouted the professor .  a  time travel is impossible along the linear concept we understand , as cause can not succeed effect , and b  this is a crossuniverse machine .  newline newline  ok ...  paused casey , the prof s assistant .  so , what does it do ?  newline newline  it opens the barriers between the infinite universes that are alongside our own . from my research on membranetheory , all other universes can be similar to our own , yet start at different stages .  newline newline  different ... stages ?  newline newline  let s call our reality universea .  universea began 14.3 billion years ago with the big bang . now , in universeb , the big bang was 143 billion years ago . in universec , it was last tuesday . in theory , we would be going into the past , or the future  newline newline  without corrupting our own timeline !  newline newline  exactly ! now , i can establish an open bridge between our universe and any of the new ones we see .  newline newline  so we can see what will  or did  happen to the world ?  newline newline  i know . scary is nt it ?  newline newline  yep . let s go .  newline newline and with that , the professor activated the gate , took casey s hand and jumped into the wild and chaotic unknown .my transmutation circle shined and i came face to face with truth . i knew my research was trustworthy , that the truth s form was undefined , but the smile on his face was so genuine that it cast a shadow of doubt over my whole being . time only exists as it is perceived in this state , and the feeling that this moment of trepidation was lasting an eternity was indistinguishable from the genuine article until the rhythm of language returned me to the moment . newline  hello , father . what have you brought ?  newline newline  i have brought you everything that is mine to give , take anything from me in exchange for what i want .  newline newline  what wish would you have granted ?  newline newline  i want all my debts cleared .  newline newline  ha ! and how much money do you owe ?  newline newline  you misunderstand . my debts are not monetary .  newline newline  but you do owe monetary debts , father . you ve taken as much as you could from anyone naive enough to lend to you .  newline newline  such things are not real . i do nt care about money , i do nt care about life , and i do nt care about death ! i would happily sacrifice my life for the removal of this debt ! please , make me square with god .  newline newline  i have two things to tell you . first , money is real and so are all of your debts , such as the one you now owe me . second , god is not a creditor to be repaid . he did nt give you a loan , he invested in you . and now you re bankrupt . i always wanted to be a landscaper . changing the quality of life for someone by creating a meditative area for them . for some reason though , a scythe was given to me . granted it was what they used before technology but ... anything else would have done . plus , its too damned hot here to even wear this black cloak . newline newline as i sit in the office of the department of labor , i notice a man frowning as he his cart contains a bunch of things to garden with . newline newline  you want to be a landscaper too ?  i asked him . newline newline  no , i wanted to be a death bringer but , somehow these tools are what are going to help me accomplish this .  he says in a unsure voice .the warehouse was enormous . easily the size of a major city , stretching out both vertically and horizontally , untold numbers of storage containers of all sizes sitting in recessed slots along the walls . newline newline randy stood above it all , his hands resting on the guardrail in front of him . he looked down at the controlled chaos , one of hundreds of enormous rooms filled with the treasures of humanity . the mona lisa was in there , somewhere . cataloged , numbered , and sitting in storage . so was the statue of liberty . the sphinx . trillions of hours of media . newline newline the computer to randy s left beeped . he looked at the screen and smiled at the confirmation that popped up . newline newline maple syrup : 17428b74190b85820l234 . newline newline he found it . in hundreds of city sized rooms he had found a bottle of maple syrup . newline newline  collect object ,  he said . the computer beeped again , a merry chime designed to be accepted as affirmative in any language . newline newline randy watched the location tracker in the corner of the screen . numbers ticked down rapidly . the bottle of syrup was far away , so far that it would probably take a few more minutes to get to him . no matter . he had all day . newline newline it was lucy s birthday tomorrow . she loved pancakes , especially with maple syrup . she had had it but a few times in her lifetime , but she always raved about it . randy was looking forward to trying it himself . newline newline the pneumatic tube delivering the bottle opened . randy smiled . he opened the tube and pulled out the heavy transport box . it opened easily , the ancient latches not completely closing anymore . newline newline there it was . ancient . yellowed and brown . cold to the touch . that makes sense  it was most likely being kept in cold storage and had been for several millennia . there were , after all , not more trees for syrup to be produced from . randy sighed . all of the things that had been taken from earth during the exodus , and nobody thought to grab a few trees . meanwhile , the warehouses were stuffed to the gills with useless scraps of paper written by men long since dead , declarations of rebellion against defunct governments and other irrelevant pieces of ephemera . newline newline oh well . none of that mattered now . randy held the bottle aloft , a prize from another time . there was a drawing of a log cabin on the label . nutritional information on the back that made randy wince . newline newline and on the side of the bottle , near the top , stenciled in gray lettering : best if used before april 150956 .  newline newline  shit ,  randy said out loud . he so rarely swore , and usually did nt speak at all unless he had something to say . newline newline well , it looked alright anyway . how bad could it be ? were nt expiration dates more of a suggestion , anyway ? newline newline  not my best work , written in a bit of a rush . newlinechristians say atheists burn in hell . well , i m going further than that for what i did . took me a year of preparation . waiting for the perfect moment . finally , as god was floating down , eager to meet his subjects , i prepared my shot . i had only one . after i shot , everyone would know , and i d be dead in an instant . newline newline as a kid , atheist mind you , my parents , stupid as they were , sent me to a school for christians . i never once got to fit in . i was always bullied . i developed a hatred for them . waiting for one day when i had the upper hand . i did , once . broke 3 arms and a leg . suspended . i had gotten my revenge . i just needed to take it further . to cause anger and disruption within their religion . newline newline i flicked my visor down , and saw the angelic glow . i grinned probably the most evil grin you could image .  think i can kill a god ?  i muttered through the earpiece . no response . the swine who i called my friend had deserted me . oh well . one objective at hand . newline newline i raised the sniper s scope to my eye . the rush i felt was unlike any other , seeing the white turn to red , and all of them stopping praying to gasp in sheer horror , as the robed body hit the ground . using the earpiece , i broadcast this message to all channels ,  dearest christians of the world , god is dead . all signs of this religion are to cease . you had your chance .  newline newline the ground rumbled , and sent torrents of fire spewing into the sky . many people fell through the gaping holes in the earth , many others burnt in the flames . a deepthroated laugh rang out across the city , while a hand burst through . it grabbed me , and pulled me down .  so , you are the one who set me free , who killed my counterpart . i am giving you an ultimatum . let yourself be killed in the firey bowels of earth , and let god be dead . or you could become one of my highest ranking demons , and work with me to kill him again . how does that sound ?  an earthquake blocked my reply . newline newline that was before i got my horns and tail .inspired by  this   http : en.wikipedia.orgwikieuthanasiacoaster  . newline                                         newline newline i remember riding my first roller coaster . i was with dad , as i am in many of my happiest childhood memories . we waited in line under the hot sun of august for hours , snaking around the gates of the ride with the other theme park visitors like cattle . the coaster had looked intimidating from the park entrance , but up close it looked massive . my twelveyearold mind could nt comprehend how anybody could ride such a deathtrap for fun , but dad told me that i would enjoy it , and dad could never be wrong . newline i had always been an impatient child , but as we approached the track to board the coaster i pleaded silently for the line to take longer and delay my terror . it was to no avail , and soon i was climbing into the cramped little cart with dad right behind me . my heart was pounding out of my chest by now and i fought back to urge to embarrass myself and cry while looking up at the track ahead of us . it seemed to lead straight into the sky . newline the park attendant came around and tugged on the tiny bar that i had put all my faith into . the coaster seemed to defy the laws of gravity and i was nt sure how a tiny piece of metal was going to stop me from plummeting to the ground in the middle of the upside down loop . i looked up at dad , my eyes wide with terror . he offered me his hand to hold and that was more reassurance than any bar over my lap . newline as we clicked up the track , i counted the spots in the old cart where the paint had chipped away , trying to keep my mind on anything other than the giant hill . i noticed the sun beginning to set over the parking lot whenohgodohgodohgod , my stomach fell out of my chest and my eyes were pulled back by the wind and my whole body slammed against the back of the cart and my hand squeezed dad s as hard as it could and just when i could nt breathe we reached the bottom of the last hill and slowed to pull back into the loading station .  well ,  dad smiled down at me ,  what did you think ?  newline shaking , i smiled over at him .  that was awesome ! can we go again ?  this time , my plea was answered . dad and i spent the rest of the evening lining up for the thrill ride and riding the coaster once in every different cart from the very front to the very back . newline newline newline that was thirty years ago . i m not yet an old woman by any means , but nevertheless , my time has come . i used to have as much faith in our justice system as i did in the gospel of my dad , but over the years i learned that both have their faults . today i stand in line for another roller coaster ride , my last . the state penitentiary bus shuttled me here with the twentythree others and we were told to line up in the cattle gates just like any innocent citizen visiting a theme park . i had grown to be an avid roller coaster enthusiast , but today , as the guards searched each of us one last time at the gate , my heart was pounding as hard as it was when i was twelve years old . the guards herded us onto the loading platform and , like i always did , i looked up at the first hill leading to the sky . i remember how scared i had been of that hill my first time on a coaster , but i had learned to love the anticipation . today , looking at the sky in the horizon gave me hope . newline i stepped into the cart assigned to me , number 14 , but this time no one was behind me . quickly , before i could be given a chance to escape , a guard came to secure the metal bar . i knew that the bar would nt save me this time . this time , the bar was there to make sure i could nt exit the ride alive . newline it was obvious that the usual preride safety speech was pointless for this motley crew , so i was slightly surprised when the microphone clicked on . after the static hissed away , i realized that it was a priest , giving not a speech but a collective last rites . as if any of us still believed in that anyway . the impatience from my childhood was one of the few traits that had still remained with me into my adult life , and i silently pleaded for the guards to just get on with the show . i took one last glance at the cart before pulling out of the station , hoping for the trademark paint chips . i found none  i had forgotten how important appearances were at an execution . newline the train clicked up the hill , slowly , building the anticipation for all of the tv crews filming our ride for the nice folks at home.fighting back tears , i looked around frantically for something , anything , to keep my mind off of the ride ahead . i looked down , contemplating saying a prayer after all  if this was really it , then what could it hurt ?  when i saw a familiar hand reach out to me . i took his hand and looked up at dad , sitting beside me , reassuring me in my last moments .two left . newline newline ca nt forage for more until daylight , and that s hours away . newline newline the fire is more embers than flames , and i have two branches left . newline newline two . to last hours . i d cry if i thought it would do any good . newline newline i weigh them , one in each hand , and toss the lighter of the two into the firepit . the light flares and something yelps and scurries away . newline newline one left . newline newline i can hear them , beyond the light , snuffling and grunting and scratching and wailing . i can hear them waiting for the light to die . they only hunt in darkness . newline newline i jerk awake . the fire is nothing more than a dull red glow . cursing myself for a fool , i toss the last branch into the embers and pray to gods that have never answered . newline newline it catches , flaring and blinding me . all around me , bestial screams of frustration ring out . newline newline none left . newline newline they are hungry . newline newline compulsively , i go through my pack , hoping that i have missed something , something that will burn , that will keep my soul and body joined until dawn . newline newline i have nt missed anything . there is no salvation , no miracle . no hope . newline newline the gold , the jewels , the priceless artifacts that lured me to this place , that gleam and sparkle so wondrously in the daylight , might as well be sand and rocks in the darkness . their light is stolen . newline newline helplessly , i start laughing . their beauty is a reflection ! i am going to die , tonight , in the most gruesome manner imaginable , for a bag of mirrors ! i can hear the laughter echoing , hysterical . newline newline in the shadows , my audience continues stalking , growing closer as the flames die down . newline newline soon , i stare transfixed , as the last flame wavers , flickering . newline newline from beyond the shrinking pool of light , i hear a new tone in the roars and growls . anticipation ? hunger ? newline newline the lone flame , my beacon , stutters and dies . newline newline newline newlinethe glass of brandy clacked gently on the small side table as it was placed .  jonathan , you ve betrayed me .  dorian sunk deep into the velvet arm chair , both hands aloft in front of him .  i was courting emily simmons , and now you ve engaged her !  his hands withdrew to his forehead , his entire body slumping foreword . newline newline  oh dorian , i do want to thank you for bringing her to my attentions . i do only dwell just inside your rather large social circles . this should nt hurt you too badly . you ve got time to find a lovely woman .  johnathan turned to dorian grey now back to his feet , posed as if to fight . newline newline  what did you say ? how did you know about that ?  dorian strode foreward and grabbed johnathans blazer .  johnathan smyth , you had best tell me all that you know right now , no quit struggling . this only ends when i am satisfied .  newline newline  dorian please , what has taken hold of you ? i only mean that you were still youthful . i intended no offence .  dorian released him and stepped away . he was as white as linen .  i m sorry , i am under stress constantly in this old house . i need a change .  johnathan grabbed his brandy and sipped .  dorian that is why i came . i do nt know how to say this but  i do nt think i can marry her . she is just nessicary for appearances . i love you .  johnathan pulled himself towards dorian , then dorian to him . newline newline dorian struggled for a moment , then succumbed and embraced johnathan .  so this is your vengance for her taking my infatuations ?  they both knew it was , but now the sparks of passion were igniting a fire inside of them that they did nt want quenched . they kissed and held each other . in the attic , behind the silk curtain dorian s portrait lost it s cruel smirk and developed a smile , he was truely happy .my father left me when i was very young  i think my mother told me that i was about two or three years old at the time . i guess he promised that he d always be there for me , watching over me . i chalked it up to him saying what she wanted to hear . newline newline i suppose you could say that he was watching over me , during my childhood . alimony payments kept the lights on  they kept the heater running , helped put food in me and my mother s mouth . i can thank him for that , i guess . but as soon as i moved into my own apartment , started going to school in the city , his help was gone . newline newline i did nt need it anyways . i had a parttime job  it paid well , took care of the bills and left me with a little change to spare . i had friends over all the time , to bring excitement and warmth into my life . and i had jake . newline newline jake was nt anything special . he was an old guy , one of the maintenance crew that came around every other day to check up on the tenants . i met him when he fixed my radiator . newline newline i d turned in my research paper to this magazine , a really esteemed publication . jake was fiddling with his toolkit when i got the call . rejected . i tried being polite as i could , in hopes that i could change their minds , but i could nt keep it up after the call ended . my first shot , maybe my only shot , a failure . newline newline jake was there for me . it was nt much , really . just a few kind words , a pep talk to keep me from looking down , i guess . but it was enough for me . newline newline when i broke up with my first boyfriend , jake found me crying in the stairwell . he came in to work on his day off , to make up for the time he spent comforting me . when i applied for my first full time position , he came over every night for the week before to help me practice for the interview . when my best friend accused me of stealing her man from her , jake gave me advice on how to reconcile with her . his advice made it possible for her to be the maid of honor at my wedding . newline newline but as he approached sixty , his health slowly began to fail him . i visited the hospital every day , telling him stories of what the other maintenance men were up to , what was new in my life . i told him how i visited the rooftop of the apartment , to watch the sunset  how the railing that he put up fought the good fight against my broken heel . i asked if he wanted me to contact his family , have them swing by to visit . he said i was enough . newline newline after he passed , i could nt bring myself to cry . he always wanted me to smile , to be happy . so instead , i laughed , consoling myself with an image of him up in heaven , fixing the pearly gates . newline newline at bit after jake died , my father had passed as well . i guess he remembered his promise , since he left everything to me . money , again , but money is useful . it helped buy the house , helped put my son through college . he did nt do as much as jake did for me , but i suppose he helped in his own way . newline newline i ll meet him soon , up in heaven . ask him where he was in my life , with a big smile on my face , just like how jake told me .the phone blinked red feebly for the last time , as the old man gave up on pressing it against the broken charging pad with all the little energy he had left . it was gone for good . he could feel the hourly pinch in his heart twinge lightly , as he gasped and took a deep breath .    ?  , he heard his companion mutter through his raggedly shaven french beard . did it run out ?  newline newline laying back on the dusty wall , the old man replied feebly ,         ,  he laughed , coughing into the soiled towel . just like that last maple syrup bottle .  the companion smiled , paying no heed to the bitter part of the quip . the old man looked up at the shattered roof , peering into the large hole , looking at the dusty skies , where stars once immaculately twinkled . newline newline         ,  he rasped , not averting his eyes for a moment to look at his companion s defeated smile . did nt get signal anyway .  part two : a very ebenezer halloween newline newline  savana will get hugged by all the tiny tims unless you change your ways . when john finds out that savana made babies with the entire lacrosse team he will create a form of ebola mixed with crack cocaine . of course this can all change , if ! you ! change ! your ! ways !  the ghost of halloween present said eating a bag a skittles and then pretending to be spiderman . newline newline billy  s eyes then went black and his voice changed to a deep booming demonic voice as two emaciated depressed college students , newline newline  ha ha ha ha ha ha . these are my children ignorance and want !  newline newline  why must they so thin and sad ?  ebenezer screamed . newline newline  is there no puntang ? are there no working bongs ? ebenezer if you do not change your ways i will bathe in your burning entrails for eternity.  with that the ghost of halloween present dissolved into the ground dragging his two souls back to hell . newline newline almost instantly the final ghost appeared , and from the mists it appeared to be rodney dangerfield from caddyshack . rodney dangerfield played with tie and appeared to be sweating even though he was a ghost . ebenezer looked confused . newline newline  i  m the ghost of halloween yet to come kid ,  he said wiping his face with his tie ,  i  m here to fulfill my ghost community service , i  ll tell you what life is just a bowl of pits kid , oh yeah !  rodney snapped his fingers ,  i have to show you the grim future of halloween !  newline newline the room melted away for the last time and ebenezer saw the grim darkness of the 22nd century . patrol bots flew overhead shinning lights down on the black streets below as massive posters of a stern woman shouted slogans . newline newline  obey , obey the matriarch ! zone 762 is free of the patriarchy . report men criminals to the ministry of gender equality.  newline rodney dangerfield took a look at the matriarch and said ,  this girl  s so ugly that she must be a twobagger . that s when you put a bag over your head in case the bag over her head comes off.  newline newline ebenezer looked on unamused to which rodney replied with ,  i get no respect.  newline newline copdroids were forming in the street and broke down a door , dragging the occupants from the house . newline  this family is guilty of breaking matriarch code 812812838123rb , belief in the halloween spirit ,  the copdroid said in its cold mechanical voice before systematically putting its pistol to the back of each of member s head and pulling the trigger . newline newline the dystopian future of the 22nd century faded and ebenezer  s room returned . rodney dangerfield broke the silence ,  yeah , i don  t get the point of that one , but yeah its time you learned the secret of the true meaning of halloween ,  rodney dangerfield threw a snickers bar in ebenezer  s face before slapping him with his cock . newline newline  don  t be a cunt ,  rodney dangerfield said before fading . newline newline ebenezer awoke with the two charity gentlemen standing over him in the parking lot . newline newline  hey guy are you alright , looks like you passed out.  newline newline ebenezer awoke ,  why what day is it ?  newline newline a strange cockney boy standing nearby dressed in a dickensian fashion said in a broken south london accent ,  why it be halloween day m  lord !  newline newline ebenezer stood up and empty his pockets of money into the gobsmacked gentlemens  hands . newline newline  merry halloween to all !  ebenezer yelled . he immediately rushed back into the apple store . newline newline  john ! john !  ebenezer yelled !  get over here son !  newline newline john ran out of the stock room scared he was going to spending his days sucking cock for crack money . newline newline  sir , i  m stock taking i swear !  john said in fear . newline newline ebenezer smiled and let out a brief chuckle ,  take off tonight , enjoy spending time with savana.  newline newline  really ?  john said excitedly . newline newline  yes ! get out of here before i change my mind scamp !  ebenezer said play boxing with john before john ran out , a smile on his face . newline newline unfortunately john drank too much that night and decided to get behind the wheel . savana was killed instantly when they went over the center line and hit a dodge caravan with a family on their way to disneyworld . the entire family was killed and the cops found john covered in brains . john was paralyzed from the neck down and was convicted of capital murder by an overzealous district attorney who fabricated evidence so the state would have to renovate its gas chamber in return for kickbacks from seedy contractors . john everyman was put to death july 18th 2016 . three witnesses to the execution committed suicide because they couldn  t shake his screams from their dreams . the deputy warden also murdered his wife with a bowling pin . newline newline john  s tale is like so many others who make the mistake to drive while intoxicated . newline newline please don  t drink and drive . newline god damn it , brad .  arms crossed , princess moon pinched the bridge of her nose . she openned her eyes . indeed , the barbarian was still there and so was the very much alive , silverblue dragon , sitting , in her court . newline newline the page had woken her up not 20 minutes ago , it was still too early in the morning and the coffee had not boiled over yet . a light breeze flew in through the high windows , making the translusent aether curtains dance gently . only a faint glow of the comming sun could barely be seen creaping over the horizon . newline newline keeping her eyes closed , she shifted herself on her throne , leaning on her left arm and touched two fingers to her temple .  go through it again , i want to make sure i understand .  an aide came running up to the high marble chair from a service door hidden behind the throne carrying a large , deep blue porceline mug of coffee and handed it to the princess . the rich earthy smell made her open her eyes as she reached for the cup  thank you .  newline newline  well , i s was summoned here days ago ,  brad started newline newline princess moon sipped her coffee and waved her hand  yes yes , you can skip all that . you arrived at ...  she looked down at the unusually passive elephantsized dragon curled up and resting on the mirrorpolished floor  ... it s layer , and ?  newline newline  she wasn  happy . put up a good fight . i s lunged at her over an  over ,  the barbarian mimicked swinging his axe with his large hands  i s being thrown all over the cave ,  he stepped back clumsily , furlinned boots padding along the floortiles , his arms wide  but in the end i s managed to do what you asked  brad stepped forward and crossed his arms , proudly nodding  and i s layed her .  newline newline  hrft , excuse me ?  the princess slightly choked on her coffee , a finger raising up to wipe an errant drop along her pointy chin .  when you say slayed  you mean ... ?  newline newline brad stepped forward and said with even more gusto  we s fell ahsleep . it wasn  easy , but we s warmed up to our might , we s got a little closer and she s a real soft if you know her .  at that brad patted the dragon s smooth scaled serpant neck with his bearlike hands  and we s layed together .  newline newline haunched over , princess moon had buried her head in her hands , long fine blonde hair spilling on both sides  slay . i said slay the dragon , not lay the dragon !  she lifted her head up and adjusted her light blue sleeping gown and shook her hand rapidly  why did you even bring ... her here ! ?  newline newline like any barbarian , but easpecially brad , he was not very good at picking up social cues . most interactions usually consisted of pannicked screaming and running .  oh , that . see , after we s layed   the princess let out a groan  we s were talking abouts you and how you had all lots of gold and such .  newline newline sinking backwards in her thrown , her chin almost touching her chest the princess only managed to sigh  the short of it , please .  newline newline  oh , er  brad pointed with hands back at the dragon , sunlight creeping into the room and illuminating his heavymuscle barechested self  she says she can guard it . calls it mud alley bonifiquecal .  newline newline  pardon me brad .  the dragon seeing brad s usefullness had run its course , finally lifted itself up and gently pushed the barbarian s leather battlekilt , slidding him backwards  what i did say was mutually benificial  .  her patient voice was quite deep for a human , but very high for a dragon . newline newline sitting back up and sipping from her coffee with narrow eyes the princess was suddently curious  ... continue .  newline newline  very well . as you well know , dragons hoard gold . any hoard , any gold .  the dragon made turning motions with her paw and twiddling the tips of her claws  instead of taking your reserves i shall protect it as though it were mine . you get added protection , i get a hoard without the trouble and the best place to sleep .  she concluded , rubbing the polished floor . newline newline  and you would offer this because ... ?  rotating her wrist , the princess was still not convinced newline newline  pride .  the dragon flipped over her paw  no other dragon has this position . i also outlive all of you multiple times over , i can sleep and two generations pass . this would not be a torid affair .  newline newline staring intently at the dragon , princess moon finished her coffee . her coffers were already overly protected , which could just as well serve to keep a dragon in . plus when word got out that a dragon served as a guard ... she extended her arm and let go of her mug without looking , it tumbled in the air and landed in an aide s outstretched hands soundlessly . newline newline this is why she liked brad , he consistantly failed upwards . newline newline this could work , yes , this could work . newline newline newline https : www.reddit.comrtimoris sure hammersmith , i ve got a minute . yes , they re waking up now . yes . no . yes , hammersmith . you can come observe , if you really want to . no , i d rather you did nt . hmm . yes . well , i ll see you there .  newline newline scarrow dropped the line and felt the tiny vibration behind his ear that indicated that hammersmith had also hung up . he stood in his glass office for a moment more , hesitating for some inexplicable reason , before turning down the narrow corridor and towards the labs . he was one of the few on board who had continued with an exercise regime and eschewed the segways that the crew had handed out for those who suffered from the worst cases of muscular atrophy . no matter how advanced a society was , no matter how sleek the technology looked , those who rode segways were still categorised as wankers in scarrow s book . newline newline arley greeted him at the door , handing over white latex gloves with a smile that reminded scarrow of a lion deciding where to rip the flesh off a gazelle first . she came up barely to his chest , hair done in plaits over her head and a nose ring which flaunted all regulations the crew had ever tried to instil . newline newline  the first ones are up ,  she said softly .  do you want to see ?  newline newline  is hammersmith here ?  scarrow replied . newline newline newline  in nursery ,  arley said .  listen , do nt you think we should talk ?  newline newline newline  do you think now s the time ? i do nt .  it came out colder than he d meant it to be newline newline newline  alright ,  she shrugged .  he brought farsher though .  newline newline newline  oh for the love of  i asked him not to .  newline newline newline  you know what he s like ,  they passed through a narrow corridor , iron capsules marking the entrances to the cryochambers . the cold leached out of them , despite the best insulation they d had back then being plugged into all the cracks . this was the oldest part of the ship  never updated , never refurbished . iron pipes hung off walls rusting . where the rest of the ship s cogs had been replaced by smooth titanium casing , here wires worried out of little holes in the metal walls . something dripped loudly in the darkness and steam was hissing from a piston not fitted tightly enough . newline newline newline the nursery , tacked onto the rusting laboratories , was almost bright by comparison . it had yellow paint splashed on one wall and a tall bookshelf pushed against the rusting patches of shipmetal . the shelves were filled with children s books and the rug on the floor , decorated like an old earthstyle town with tarmac roads and red roofs reminded scarrow a little painfully of his own childhood . there was colourful furniture and buckets of toys and legos scattered over the carpet , and amongst this patterned chaos sat three children , two girls and a little boy in denim dungarees . hammersmith , traditionally dressed in a threepiece suit , cravat lying open across his neck , squatted next to one of the girls with a toy truck in his hand . newline newline farsher , who had been born a man but was now a woman , sat awkwardly at one of the little orange tables , crayons clutched in a large fist . they were both silent . newline newline newline  what ?  scarrow began , but arley hushed him . newline newline newline  look at them and tell me something s not wrong ,  she said . newline newline newline the three children sat on the carpet , staring into midair . their eyes were glazed over , and the little boy was pinching at the skin on his chubby thighs like he was trying to peel a tangerine . newline newline newline  what s wrong with them ?  he asked . newline newline newline  we do nt know . we ran their vitals two , three times and everything s fine . brain activity s a little higher than normal , but it s to be expected when there s a rush of new stimulations .  newline newline newline  they do nt look stimulated ,  scarrow commented . newline newline newline arley shrugged .  we re bringing in nursemaids day after we stop at onato . you can talk to one if you like .  newline newline newline scarrow entered the room slowly , glowering at hammersmith , who pretended to not understand why he was doing so . newline newline newline  hey kid ,  he approached one of the little girls . she looked about six years old , fiddling with the pots of pencils on the table where farsher sat .  do you want to draw ?  newline newline newline the little girl nodded , pulling herself up onto the chair . she grasped a pencil and bent her head over a sheet of recycled paper , tongue stuck out in concentration . newline newline newline  what are you drawing , sweetie ?  scarrow asked . newline newline newline newline  i m drawing me ,  she whispered .  the real me .  newline newline newline  the real you ?  newline newline newline  yes , look .  she held up the paper . in her clumsy child s hand , there was a young woman . her mouth was a scribble of red lipstick , eyes spiky with mascara . she sported a tight trench coat and meticulously drawn high heels . newline newline newline then she tossed away the paper , reaching for the scissors in the pot . farsher made to stop her but scarrow growled . newline newline newline  let her play ,  he said and she sat back , eyes wide . newline newline newline  see , that s the real me . that s me .  the little girl insisted , pointing at the picture . she brandished the scissors and pointed at herself with the tips of the blades . newline newline newline  i do nt know who this is .  newline newline newline in the corner hammersmith had set the little boy off on a crying fit . newline newline newline  i was trying to stop him pinching himself !  the adult said , pointing at the kid .  he s giving himself bruises !  newline newline newline  they re all trapped ,  farsher said suddenly , standing up . scarrow stood up as well , because he did nt like the fact that she was almost taller than him even at eye height . newline newline newline  do nt be stupid ,  he snapped back .  they re children .  newline newline newline arley sidled away from the doorway .  maybe it s better to run the tests again ,  she said .  see why they are nt interacting properly .  newline newline newline  i can tell you why they re not interacting properly ,  farsher exploded . newline newline newline newline  get him out of here ,  scarrow waved his hand as her face went deadly cold . newline newline newline  hammersmith  she said . newline newline newline arlen gently removed the scissors from the hands of the little girl , who had begun trying to stab herself in the thigh . newline newline newline  you re blind ,  farsher hissed .  you ll work it out eventually .  newline newline newline with that , she swept out .it was nt until about the 5th floor i noticed something strange about the elevator i was in . there was a tiny man in the corner huddled in the foetal position . i wondered how id failed to initially notice his presence . this is a pretty rough city so i mind my own business . newline newline after an amount of time that any same sober individual would know they had been traveling upwards at a continuous rate that far exceeded the height of any building , i began to grow concerned . i reached for the elevator keypad and punched in 5 . the cafeteria was on 5 . that was where i had been going until this peculiar run of events , which was now making me question my sanity . the button responded to my press with a bland sound of denial . i tried six , and seven , which proceeded to produce slightly different pitches of denial . newline newline it was then that i saw the button with the question mark . do i press it ? do i turn my attention to the tiny man in the corner ? maybe he could weigh in . i d become ignorant of his presence . fuck , maybe this guy is dead . i prod him with the tip of my shoe and he grunts into life with a cough and a fart . he squints up at me .  you woke me up .  newline newline i assess the button with the question mark again . the tiny man has returned to his eternal slumber . turns out that was a false lead . it s been around half an hour now and i figure we must be nearing the outer atmosphere which is troubling . newline newline to the contrary , upon flipping a panel in the elevator ceiling i discovered we are , in fact , zooming through what appears to be some type of wormhole . not sure i should ve looked to be honest . i finally give in and press the button , eyes closed as i pull the trigger .stop , would you kindly ?  newline newline a sudden compulsion to obey . newline newline would you kindly  ... powerful phrase .  newline newline familiar phrase ?  newline newline a sudden rush of images . a plane . a crash . a city . newline newline sit , would you kindly ?  newline newline again , the compulsion . jack sat , as would a pet dog . newline newline stand , would you kindly ?  newline newline jack stood , entranced , involuntarily obeying the orders . newline newline run ! stop ! turn .  newline newline jack obeyed once more . newline newline a man chooses , a slave obeys .  newline newline the man handed jack his golf club . newline newline kill !  newline newline jack was compelled to obey . a moment later , the man lay , bloodied , on the floor , with a bent golf club in his skull . newline newline  newline newline it had been years since that day . jack had been compelled to hand over control of the city to another man , one who named himself after a titan who held the sky away from the earth , but one who jack recalled , excessive familiarity , by the name  frank  . newline newline brigid had erased the power that simple phrase ,  would you kindly  , had over his mind , so frank s attempt to use it to order him to kill himself failed . the erasure also covered the order to kill , which had been poorly phrased enough to continue after the man s final order had been completed , but only temporarily . jack had carried on , saving a few young girls from the horrors of the city . the men and women who remained in the city were left in horror . they had been promised a rapture , but they had received quite the opposite . newline newline jack raised those girls as his own daughters . none had any families , but they became one . the girls became women , and they all joined together on jack s deathbed to comfort him as he went . newline newline but such was not his fate . as an embryo , they had rewritten huge tracts of his genetic code , stopping just short of erasing the required sequences for the city to recognize him as his father s son , and those changes had greatly impacted his biology . here , the ultimate change suddenly arrived . newline newline jack awoke in the morgue , confused . newline newline did nt i just die ?  , he thought newline newline a use of a little trick he picked up in the city shifted the cabinet out of place , allowing him to sit up . newline newline the girls ... they were there .  newline newline jack had died before , being revived by the machinery of the city , but this was different . the morgue cabinet was not one of those chambers , and they only worked on traumatic deaths anyway , and jack had just died of old age . newline newline he looked at his hands . the chain tattoos on his wrists had returned , as if springing back from their sag . newline newline for a moment , he entertained the idea that the girls had found a way to install one of the chambers in the hospital , and had killed him to give him a new lease on life . watching the girls through the window , sobbing at the loss of the closest thing they had to a father , he knew that was nt the case . newline newline he slid into a standing position , and moved to greet them , then stopped . he suddenly felt something . something he had nt felt since ... newline newline he fought it . he struggled , and stepped towards them . newline newline stop . code yellow.. please , he said , hoping to stop it . newline newline they were gone , and the urge subsided . but jack was left wondering . newline newline he found a mirror , and looked into it , studying a face he had nt seen in so long . it was as if he had been reset to his activation . newline newline and that s exactly what worried him . newline newline he looked into the mirror , gazing into his own eyes . with a deep breath , he uttered the words . newline newline sleep , would you kindly .  newline newline nothing . at least that was nt back . it was nt a common phrase , but the possibility for accidents was worrying . newline newline he found a toolkit . he grabbed a pipe wrench , and swung it a few times . experience had taught him that it might come in handy in a variety of situations . newline newline as he turned , he saw something out of the corner of his eye . newline newline  newline newline ever since that day , when jack awoke in the hospital , he had worked with the founder . he did nt know anything about the founder , and he only saw him in pictures after that . the founder had  tweaked  jack s conditioning , made it smarter , and ensured that the same mechanism that resurrected him after the first time he died of old age would continue throughout billions of years . jack had free will for bursts while it was dormant , but every once in a while it took over . it now fit in perfectly with his new job : apocalypse architect . ensuring the eventual end of life on hundreds of developing worlds also ensured that he killed more than any other human being ever had . would you kindly . those three words , and their influence , had escaped the city , the earth , and even the milky way . newline newline on one world , jack embedded a uranium trigger in several places in the planet s core . the triggers , when they underwent artificial fission , would trigger a sizable mechanism in the planet s core to bring several subcritical masses of an even more potent fissile material  provided by the founder explicitly to last long enough  , which would be compressed by the planet s gravity and contained by massive pressures until the planet s surface was fragmented by the weapon . the radiation alone would end surface life , and the wholesale destruction of the planet would seal the deal . newline newline surely enough , it happened . it felt like yesterday , but it had actually been twelve hundred years . a small conflict became global , and theoretical energy by fission release became weaponized . one bomb hit a trigger at a near enough range to force the pieces to come together . the planet was already well along its way to becoming an asteroid belt . newline newline today , jack implanted another planet . but this time , he had enough . no chamber was left to resurrect him since the sun s death , and finally he had a chance to kill history s biggest killer . he implanted genetic samples , unknown to the founder . and he waited . one last apocalypse . it was the only way , to kill , and to end the killing . newline newline life developed . the genetic sample lead to a very rapid rise of life , and humanlike life only took a few hundred million years . to the founder , it was as a blink of an eye . there was plenty of time before jack was due on another world , and the founder knew nothing of the accelerated development tonic jack had spliced into the sample . the planet should still be barren , with what the founder thought to be a blight still dormant . newline newline jack died and rose again . this time was his last . the new wave of humanlike life had developed a new technology  the antimatter reactor  and deployed it around the world . the fatal mistake , one which jack had created in the guise of a  doctor tenenbaum  , in honor of an old friend , was that all were dependent on a single control system , which all ran through a single circuit , for containment . the region of space where they lived was rampant with drifts of antimatter  and it was profitable to go mine them . only a few ships needed to be out at a time , but it was finally here  the antimatter reactors were common enough to end all life , and all ships were home for a period of dangerously high concentrations of nearby particulate matter . it would nt take many impacts with the high velocity wanderers to destroy a ship , and stores on planet were large enough to last . newline newline jack made his way into the control facility . sneaking through a series of vulnerabilities he had introduced , ones he had taught society to pass over during thousands of years of advancement , he arrived at the critical circuit . newline newline jack carefully , and quietly , removed the shielding . security was scrambling to get to him , but the only way in that they knew of was through hundreds of blast doors , installed to prevent exactly what jack was about to do . newline newline the shielding was gone . the circuit that kept the planet hosting life was vulnerable . newline newline security was only ten doors away , now nine . newline newline it did nt matter . jack pulled out his trusty wrench , that he had kept since the hospital . he had nt used it as much as he hoped , but he remained very fond of it . newline newline eight doors . jack raised the wrench . newline newline under his breath , jack murmured to himself . newline newline end it , would you kindly newline newline jack chuckled , and spent a moment reflecting on his life . he thought of his girls , and he wondered if they had lived good lives . he wondered if they had children , if any of their descendants still survived . humanity was one of the only space faring life forms left , although jack had never been allowed near their empire . indeed , humanity did the job for him . newline newline suddenly , the last security door slid open . jack heard them yell : newline newline freeze ! away from the machine ! !  newline newline no bother . he had been shot before , many times . he barely felt the first shot . he was too focused , the imprinting had taken over . newline newline jack brought the wrench down . the panel sparked , and failed . world containment began to destabilize . jack knew they all had only a few seconds . newline newline the security officers screamed in horror . jack paid them no attention . he waited for the flash , knowing a life stretched many times too long had ended .my husband drove down the crooked path to the unknown , darker part of america  s happiest town , in our bangedup old jeep wrangler , bent and bruised from our adventures past and future . no imagine dragons playing . no fallout boy . this was not a trip for music . this was a trip for silence . newline newline this was not the first of our intimate encounters with death . my husband had a bullet wound over his right spare rib , and another on his shoulder , where he threw himself in front of me to save my life . i don  t like to talk about it , but suffice it to say that my brother michael is a remarkable doctor . newline newline we were twentyfour now . that had happened six or seven , maybe eight years ago . i  m unsure exactly . as i  ve said , i don  t like to talk about it . newline newline he turned onto ensign lane . newline newline  you okay , may ?  he asked me , eyes undeterred from the twisted path . i was sitting with my arms crossed on the window sill , my mouth hiding behind the folds of my wrists , my eyes heavy and sad . i shrugged . newline newline  i  mi  m not ,  i responded . he put his hand on my shoulder . i leaned across the center console and put my head into his collar , and we pulled into the desolate field . he put the car in park and helped me out . newline newline not many were buried here . the only tombstone i could see for horizons was this one . my husband took my arm and walked me to the rock . i knelt down and placed a single blue rose . this soul had always loved blue roses . i remember us and him always going to this part of the forest with him where there were probably millions of those flowers lining the field , filling its volume and scent . it was beautiful . newline newline a green leaf was on his stone . i flicked it off aggressively . my husband placed a gentle hand on my shoulder as i read what was printed on the grave , despite having been told not to , and held me as i cried on the way back to the car . then we left , going down the old crooked path and back into the town . newline newline r.i.p newline newline soccer davidson newline newline february 2 , 20xxmay 11 , 20xy newline newline a good dog .  newline let me pass on , death .  a grey old man with a sharp nose and opaque eyes said . newline newline  no ! give up abel . stop this foolish quest and only then shall i give you rest .  the blackened demon sat across the oaken table . its massive wings making it hunch in its straight backed chair . newline newline  what quest ?  the ageless man said innocently .  i know not of any quest . certainly not of one pertaining to you .  newline newline  silver lies still flow easily from your cracked lips . but after these many long meetings do you still aspire to fool one such as me ? death incarnate ? i know of your quest to cull me . many trinkets you have gathered in your time , in your quest to vanquish me . i shall not let you descend unto my realm till you swear not to hurt me . please ?  newline newline the old man s head bent downwards . his lips turned up in a smile , but his eyes told another tale .  look at you death . pleading with a mortal . you know i shall never give up . let me die , accept your fate death . accept your end . your rule has gone on long enough . too many have been hurt by your whims .  newline newline  no ! i wo nt die ! i ca nt die ! i am death incarnate . you can never touch me . without me who would keep the balance ?  the giant monstrosity was getting louder .  i wo nt let you vanquish me . i do nt want to be vanquished . i ca nt die . i wo nt die . i just ... i just ... ca nt . please . just leave me be .  newline newline the old man looked crestfallen and tired . his earlier energy gone .  death , you are older than time . you have conquered countless souls and received many praises . do nt undo all of your greatness here with this whimpering . i will always be here , waiting for you to mess up , to slip . as you watch countless people , i watch you . i am death s death . now accept your fate . let it come on . be not afraid of me , but welcome me with open arms . it is your time old friend . now let me pass on . we ve progressed in stages as my hairline began to recede , as the first pink glints of my scalp began to shine through . javier s fluffed his fingers through my hair , blowdried it , done his best to give it volume . he s trimmed down the back and sides to half an inch from the skin , to reduce the contrast to my thinning crown . he s used sprays , creams , anything to make the remaining follicles darker , give them more volume . and when even his best efforts began to fail , he s shaved my head down to the contours of my scalp , making it seem intentional . newline newline javier s cut my hair for the last eight years , and and in all that time we ve never been closer . newline newline it feels like a lie , sometimes , the anxiety around him that i mask as fear of going bald . there s his hand on my shoulder , his eyes dark and tender as he leans over me and we plot together , two men seeking to subvert cruel genetics . he s invested himself in me , in my situation , to a degree that i think he would fly from if he understood how i felt about him . i wonder sometimes what he sees when he looks at me . a challenge ? a tragedy ? the natural limitations of his chosen profession ? or a desperate balding fool , returning to his barber s chair again and again and again in an attempt to pretend that the world is nt falling out from under him . newline newline i m bald this time , picked clean and starkly naked as i walk through his door , busying myself , conspicuously , with a magazine , waiting for him to finish with his current client . he looks up and sees me , raises an eyebrow at my naked scalp , and grins at me in the mirror , signalling at me to wait . i am curiously calm . a stage of our relationship has ended . a new one will begin . newline newline  i was nt expecting you back ,  he teases afterwards , brushing the stray hairs from his chair . he gestures me forwards .  i tried , eddie , i tried the best i could .  he hangs his head melodramatically .  i figured i failed you .  newline newline  never ,  i tell him , easing into the familiar seat , rubbing a hand across my stubble .  just a shave . that s all .  newline newline  you used to shave yourself ,  he remarks , flicking open his straight razor and running across his leather strap . the sound of it scraping across the leather is soothing . brisk , steady sweeps of the shiny silver blade . it s mesmerizing . newline newline  yes .  i can feel my adam s apple bob as i swallow . there s nothing else to say , nothing that would nt give the game away . there s a brief frown on his face as he tightens the white cloth around my neck , as he oils up his hands and massages it into my cheeks , my jaw , my upper lip , my neck . he opens his mouth as if to say something , and then decides otherwise . in all the times he has cut my hair , we have never been so silent . newline newline he lays the hot towel across my mouth , folds it upwards across my face , leaving my nostrils exposed . in the warm , waiting darkness , i relive the touch of his fingers across my face , i imagine him standing over me , straight razor in hand . he is completely , utterly silent . what does he know ? what does he suspect ? i feel his fingers press down on me , hands outspread , gripping my face . newline newline i blink at the sudden reintroduction of light , and flinch again as he lathers me up , briskly , all business . i try to catch his eye in the mirror , but he twists my head to the side as his razor scrapes across my temple . his thumb presses beneath my cheekbone . he is warm , and the blade is cold , and in these past eight years we have never before been so physically intimate . i relish the feel of the blade against my skin , scraping down coolly , cutting me apart by follicles , cells , atoms . newline newline the silence builds , becomes heavy , becomes unbearable . i ease open my eyes and see us both in the mirror , my own pink , halfshaven face staring dazedly out at him  him standing over me with his eyebrows furrowed in concentration or anger , his fingers stern and unyielding . i have lied to him by omission these past eight years . i can lie to him no longer . newline newline  i love you ,  i tell him , and he tilts my head backwards and presses his razor to my throat .hello ! newline newline i m one of the people judging your group , so let me start off my congratulating you on finishing your entry ! i like the raw , rough , firstdraft feel of this ! the dialogue was quite nice , felt very smooth . the protagonist was interesting , you portrayed a wide variety of emotions that a young character would go through , especially with all of the strange events happening . my only criticism would be that it could be tightened up a tad bit , but that s just because it s a raw first draft , so that s not an issue at all :  newline newline good work , and best of luck in the contest !there have been many who have tried . newline there have been almost just as many who have failed . newline newline the quest to become a questgiver  was ever going for the npc kind . the hero , in their quest , would eventually interact with this questgiver , either through the hero s toil or the giver s . many have attempted to elevate their title , as a mere sidequest or even an optional requirement . but not this man . this is the story of the npc named eston . eston had decided to raise above the sidequestgivers , or even the main liners  no , eston was to be a companion . newline newline  eston , you re up late again !  it was the sound of eston s sister , belron   your eggs are going to get cold !  newline  bell , you know i could nt sleep last night , not after what i have planned for today !  he replied . he stepped through his small living room into their kitchen , and began to prepare his morning . newline  eston , this may well be the last time i ever see you again  you could try to be a little less.. ecstatic about it..  belron replied . newline  i m sorry , bell , but i ve waited my whole life for this ! mother and father left long ago , and left us to fend for ourselves . i did nt join the captain s guard for nothing  i plan to be alron s companion !  newline belron sighed . newline  yes , i know . you ve done nothing but talk about it for a moon , now .  she said . newline eston took a seat at their table in the kitchen and began eating . newline  if you actually are accepted by alron , i hope you do nt lose sight of your purpose .  she said . newline  bell ,  he said , with a mouthful of egg ,  do nt worry . i will find our parents . alron s quest is to end the life of the dreghel king . last they were headed , father was headed for a book out there  the book of a dead hero long gone . a questing catalyst .  he continued eating . newline  fine ,  belron sighed .  if you are set upon it , there is nothing i can do . i ll just be left here alone .  newline  now , do nt be so negative ,  replied eston  there will always be the companion s bonus from the guard to keep you going  that , and the countless amount of loot alron will probably forget about would be invaluable .  newline  just.. make sure you do nt die out there in dreghel , eston . i do nt know if i could carry on living without you .  newline newline newline eston later found himself at the gardian keep  as he usually did around work time  in the presence of his guard s leader , helsi .  eston . i have a very unusual task to put upon you , that i assure you i would not entrust to anybody else .  he said .  yes , sir . the companionship of alron , i assume .  eston replied . newline  no .  replied helsi . newline  what ? what do you mean ? has he rejected me ?  said eston in a panic . newline  unfortunately , no.. you see , our perimeter guard.. found alron s corpse near southern bluffs .  newline eston gasped . without the hero , he could not carry through his service , and never find his parents again . newline  the rest of the guard council has , however , agreed that it would be unwise to let the people panic under the death of their hero .  helsi continued .  and we have noted a striking resemblance between you and alron .  newline eston waited , in stricken silence . newline  eston , we need you to be the next alron , and slay the dreghel king .  newline eston stood , amazed at this alignment of fate . he waited , and contemplated the implications . newline newline  i ll do it .  newline newline newline edited : some phrasingsam and ana hurriedly took off their clothes . they had only just gotten their son , ethan , to go to sleep . he seemed to have a knack for interrupting the young parents at the most unfortunate times . all thoughts of romance out the window , ana finally flicked her panties off with her feet and jumped onto the bed . newline newline  hurry up and get that thing up before he wakes up again ,  ana whispered desperately . newline newline sam , having had no relief for several weeks , did not need telling twice . he quickly jumped on top of ana and bit her ear . she let out a moan just as  newline newline knock knock newline newline  mommy ! mommy !  ethan pounded at the door . newline newline  should we just make him wait until we re done ?  sam whispered . newline newline ana rolled her eyes and groaned before slapping sam and slipping on a bathrobe . sam begrudgingly slipped one on before ana opened the door and picked ethan up . newline newline  what s wrong , sweetie ?  ana cooed at her darling , annoying 2yearold . newline newline  i had a scary dream you were attacked by a big cock !  ethan screamed . newline newline  a what ? !  ana gasped . newline newline  a cockadoodledoo .  ethan imitated the sound ,  he was big and black and he chased you around . a big black cock !  sam snickered and managed to turn it into an unconvincing cough . newline newline  oh . honey , that was just a bad dream . you have to sleep . you ca nt get up anymore ,  ana patted his back . newline newline  can daddy get it up ?  ethan asked . newline newline  what ? !  ana asked , startled , as sam burst out laughing . newline newline  i asked if daddy can get up because he s grown ,  ethan asked , his big , innocent eyes shining as he made his baby angel face ,  he s not sleeping either .  newline newline ethan scampered down from his mother s arms and climbed onto the bed . newline newline  what was daddy doing ?  ethan jumped up and down on the bed ,  was he pitching a tent ? i want to pitch a tent , too !  ethan crawled under the covers and sat upright . newline newline ana just stared blankly as sam laughed uncontrollably . newline newline  i m gon na go get you some milk and put you back to bed ,  ana muttered and tightened her robe around her as she left the room . newline newline  kids say the darndest things , huh , dad ?  ethan said in his most serious voice , wearing the comforter as a hood and giving the creepiest stare he could manage . newline newline sam stared with wide eyes before he jumped up and ran to join his wife . newline newline as ethan slurped the milk from his sippy cup and drifted off to sleep , the only thought in his mind was ,  ahh ... this is the fucking life . have fun being a cockblocking little git , then they ll bring me some warm milk and tuck me into bed . i think i ll be a little shit for a little while longer . it was 11am on a saturday when jane s water broke , luckily she had been kept in a controlled environment to insure there were no complications in the cloning of jesus . specialists scuttled around her nervously as she would be giving birth prematurely  tension was only worsened by thousands of fanatics that protested  playing god with god  all down the streets of the once quiet rural hospital . to recreate the perfect mother to bear jesus , the church had dna tested thousands of hopeful candidates . jane was everything they needed . white , virgin , went to church every sunday , and even fed the homeless every second saturday . doctors prepared for birth as the time between contractions lessened . with one final push dilation was finally reached . everyone was silent in the room aside from the doctor who delivered ,  wh..what ?  he wimpered , breaking everyone s horror , aside from the pope , he still stood as if he had been turned to stone . finally , with the look of gods wrath in his eyes , the pope cried to the gods he once knew ,  jesus was a mexican ! ?  what is that man doing ?  newline newline newline newline newline newline newline  i do nt know . he s peculiar . freckles painted pink and a candy cane for support . disgusting commoner .  newline newline newline newline newline newline newline  was nt he the man who decided to hand glide over new york city naked ?  newline newline newline newline newline  i believe so . how was he acquitted for that atrocity ?  newline newline newline newline newline newline newline  he was nt . he put itching powder in the courtroom s toilet paper and then catered sushi , bad sushi , to the room . it should nt have worked , but it did . he simply walked out of the courtroom and was nt caught since .  newline newline newline newline  how was he not caught . he staged a flashmob in time square . did nt they see him ?  newline newline newline newline newline  no . everyone was dressed as a jesus woki . the star wars character thingy . it s hard to catch a guy in a train station filled with space prophets .  newline newline newline newline newline newline  should we report him ?  newline newline newline newline  yes . but first , i want to know what he s doing . what are you doing sir ?  newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline  the man looked up and said in a southern drawl  i m painting in molten glass .  newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newlineit took a long time for us to realize what was going on , much less accept it . but the evidence was just undeniable . people who boarded planes in one city and landed in another would wake up the next morning in the same city that they had just departed . people who died later in the day would wake up the next morning like nothing happened . newline newline after this had been going on for months , the russian president one day launched his nukes at us . we responded in kind . the world had ended in a nuclear holocaust . but the next morning , we all woke up in our beds like as though nothing had happened . from that day onward , every day was february 29th . newline newline that was the day when i realized something . each of us in our own way , and some more than others , had become gods . how else would you describe beings who no longer had to worry about consequences ? newline newline i do nt remember how long this has been going on . i stopped counting after the 36,500th day . for all i know , i could be thousands of years old now , but i do nt look a day over 36 . newline newline i used to be an accountant . once upon a time . but it s been so long since i ve worked that i would nt be able to draw you a current account balance sheet now even if my life depended on it . i guess i should be glad that my life does nt depend on it . newline newline it was nt always like this . at first , we went to work like we always did . but do you have any idea how difficult accounting can get when every single note and record that you had made the previous day no longer exists when you wake up ? working just became pointless . we all worked to be able to afford to live . but when affording to live no longer became a motivational factor , most people no longer found the motivation to work . newline newline there were some holdouts . there s this one priest in our neighborhood who always goes to church every day to pray and hear people s confessions . now that must have been quite something . i do nt know what those people s sins were before all this happened  maybe skipping the sabbath or something , but when the fear of death no longer mattered , people began to do all kinds of crazy things . newline newline take me for example . i was a mild mannered accountant whose existence was something most people would never have noticed . but i started doing hard drugs , fucking random prostitutes and strangers out in public in the middle of the day , and even kicked a puppy to death . and that was within the first month of when this started . if you think you ve seen human depravity , you have nt . newline newline i ve killed , been killed , raped , been raped , mauled , been mauled , i ve flown high on cocaine and once literally drowned in a vat of beer . but we were nt all depraved . at least not all the time . thing is , after a while , even having a threesome with the hot peterson twins that live across the street while their mother watched got boring . newline newline we all sought fun and something new . but when you live the same day for thousands of years , well , nothing s new anymore , which means nothing s fun anymore . so , after years of debauchery , which would have made the people of sodom and gomorrah think we were being too much , some of us even began to pursue higher knowledge . newline newline i learned a great deal throughout all this time . i learned to speak multiple languages , learned to play the piano , and though it took me a long time , i finally understood cricket ! i never thought i d get cricket . well , at least i understood cricket before i eventually forgot it again . time s a bitch . even if it stands still . newline newline but even that got boring . everything got boring . and there was no way out . newline newline all of that changed yesterday . newline newline yesterday , i walked out of my home . i had not even bothered to tie up my robe even if my manhood was swinging for all the world to see . it would nt have been the first time any of them had seen it anyway . i walked out and saw my neighbor about to jump off his roof . newline newline  morning , fred ,  i said . newline newline  morning , john ,  he replied . newline newline  turning in early today ?  newline newline  yep .  newline newline he jumped off the roof , not for the first time , which was followed by a splat . i knew exactly how his body would have twisted in every angle and which orifice blood was pouring out from . i had seen it all before countless times . newline newline i continued to walk to the liquor store , smashed the window with a rock , picked up a bottle of jack daniels , walked over to jill s house , got drunk and my dick sucked , then went home . sitting in the darkness by yourself without talking to anyone can sometimes be the best way to spend the day . one time , i decided to get adventurous and meet new people only to end up getting crucified . literally . people can be sick . and it s not like as though it does nt hurt . just because you wake up the next day at home like as though it never happened does nt mean that getting your hands and feet nailed to a cross does nt hurt like a motherfucker . newline newline today , however , was different . i woke up , walked out of my home without bothering to tie up my robe even if my manhood was swinging for all the world to see , and said good morning to fred while walking to the liquor store but then something caught my attention . fred s broken body was still lying on the ground . and he reeked . flies were buzzing around him . that has never happened before . newline newline i rushed back into my house and turned on the radio . i had not listened to the news in a very long time but i still remembered how to change the radio station . it was all over the news . hundreds , if not thousands , of people who died yesterday were discovered dead today . newline newline it was official . it was finally march 1st . and for the first time in an incredibly long time , i felt something that i had long given up on . i felt happy . and i knew what i was going to do . i quickly walked back to my room and opened my closet . on the top shelf was an old shoe box where i kept my gun . newline newline i was ready . but apparently i was nt the only person to think this way . while i was rummaging the box for bullets , i heard several gunshots come from the twins  house . everyone was choosing to die . we had all lived thousands of lifetimes , did everything , and did everyone . there was nothing new left . the only thing that made any of us happy anymore was the fact that we no longer had to live . newline newline right before i was about to pull the trigger , my last thought was whether that priest would kill himself , too .dad was always helping people , and mom was always breaking things . i probably should have seen this coming . there were always little hints . seeing both of them sneak out at night , finding dad  s cape in the laundry , finding the missing president tied up in our basement . newline newline it wasn  t until the big battle broke out that i finally clued in . the city  s strongest superhero was fighting the city  s worst supervillain in an effort to stop the giant death ray pointed at the city . i was watching the battle live on t.v . when i noticed the hero  s watch . it was the same watch i had given dad for father  s day . the closer i looked , the more i realized what an idiot i had been . the hero  s mask barely covered his cheekbones ! how could i not have recognized him ? that was my old man alright . newline newline then who was the villain ? did i know her too ? was it a neighbour ? a teacher ? ... oh great ! it was mom . that  s when i really started freaking out . mom and dad loved each other , why were they trying to kill each other ? and then it dawned on me . newline newline they didn  t know .i remember picking fruits from the garden when we were young , and even set up a little hut in the lawn to sell them but we always ended up eating them . i ve given a lot of thought to what you said , and i m ready to come home . i m ready , to see my kids and teach them all the things i should of taught them , i see now that war has no avail and i cringe for the things i ve done . we ve been under heavy fire this past week and if i make it i m coming home . i love you brother . newline newline i have come across this letter as we cleared what was left of the enemy field , i am sorry to say that your brother has not made it . although i did not know him , i hope you understand that he has given his life to return to you . i know you might hate me , but i pity the life of every soldier who can not return to see their family . i have made it my personal obligation for this letter to reach you . this war has taken much from us , but your brother lives on in this letter newline sgt . s t l newline no , this will not do . this will not do at all !  newline newline commander stirling stared at the ruptured seedpod , still hovering on its podkletnov thrusters at the penultimate landing stage . the natives had constructed their rude temple around it . the temple lay at the heart of the planet s lush jungle : perfumed breezes , the sweet rustle of leaves , cool drops of falling water , so reminiscent of the lost primal days of earth .  eden  , breathed his companion . newline newline stirling fumed .  this is a class i breach . we ve terraformed a planet with a native civilization .  newline newline science specialist hu stroked his beard thoughtfully . his habit of doffing helmet the moment the microbe scan was done annoyed stirling to no end .  this planet seems to have no microorganisms . everything we see is dnabased . none of these plants is really an earth species , but they contain proteins related to earth plants . there do nt seem to be two biospheres at work here .  newline newline  then who built the temple ?  , stirling asked . newline newline  i do nt know . but what if we are not the only species studying uninhabited planets ? they might have brought the seedpod to an outpost to study it , and breached the contents .  newline newline  impossible ! these are the highdiversity equatorial coordinates the landing algorithm would have selected . this feature was constructed around it .  newline newline  true . more importantly , we have nt seen the natives . we do nt know that they are alien at all . until we find aliens somewhere , they are an extraordinary explanation .  newline newline  what else could they be ?  newline newline  i have been thinking about it . you know that the seedpod contains optimization facilities : in vitro selection , aptamerbased modular protein design , and a library of hazard resistance programs ?  newline newline  so ? these only finetune the organisms the pods release .  newline newline  well , the implementation is biotechnological . what if a suite of adaptation tools itself is what was released ?  newline newline  they ca nt adapt indefinitely , blindly . there is a maximum speed at which life can evolve , and they have no template .  newline newline  but what if there is a template  what if they had access to the seedpod s databases ?  newline newline stirling paused a moment to think that through . certainly there were biological transponders used in human medicine . if they could download the sequences ... newline newline  you mean these natives might be human ?  newline newline  maybe . the sequence was in the computer . but they may differ from humans as much as these plants differ from hawaiian flora .  newline newline the fourman crew had a long history together . stirling did not actually need to issue the order to return to the ship , nor did he need to tell hu to run back the hundred meters . newline newline to the place where the bodies of their crewmates waited for them . newline newline to the roar of the rocket engines as they completed their final countdown . newline newline there was no explaining how the aliens had accessed the ship , or blocked communications , or hacked into the systems , or overpowered their friends . newline newline  you might as well lose that helmet  , hu said . newline newline this was their home now . it came with sweet air , pure water , a passable shelter , and even food . a thousand unknown plants surrounded them . many of them bore fruit , and the equatorial summer would never end . newline newline hu bit deep into the first fruit he had selected .  devoid of toxins ... not of flavor !  he handed one to stirling , who took an exploratory nibble . newline newline  if this is a garden of eden , do you suppose there is a tree of life and a tree of knowledge ?  newline newline hu stroked his beard .  well , the lifeforms did develop with a versatile toolset for communicating with the pod ... and the natives did manage to get the access codes for the ship somehow ...  newline newline he stared at the fruit . and the seedpod . he thought about a race so driven to spread its seed that it literally sent ships to the stars to prepare them for someday human colonists . what would the offspring of such a race be like ? would they evolve , prepare themselves for the chance to do the same to earth ? were they studying him now , to learn more about how humans think ? newline newline  i do nt know  , he said .it rained the day i was born . sometimes does in the winter in kyushu , but my dad told me it rained especially hard on the day i was born . my mom told me i cried a lot , more than my older sister . newline newline newline i used to sit at our window to do my homework , but really i just liked to watch the factories on the other side of the river . they always seemed so busy , with the little men running around . newline newline newline i started school this week ! i am at the  shiroyama   http : www.aasc.ucla.educab200708160002.html  elementary school . i wish dad was here to see it , but he sent me a letter telling me to pay attention and listen to my teachers . newline newline newline it  s so hot in august , my uniform sticks to my back . we do drills at school , where the principal will ring a siren and we all jump under our desks . i got an award from my teacher for being the fastest last week . we had another one at  7:50 this morning   https : en.wikipedia.orgwikiatomicbombingsofhiroshimaandnagasaki  citerefspitzer1830  , it lasted a long time , but now the teacher is teaching us about colors . my favorite color is blue . newlineafter my wife gave birth to our daughter she became depressed . she would cry for no reason , she had no energy , she would sometimes go two days without eating , and she was irritable . all signs of post partum depression . she made an appointment to see her doctor was diagnosed and given an antidepressant . after a couple of weeks she started feeling better and it seemed like she was back to her old self . we were first time parents , excited and overjoyed about our new arrival . we named her sara after my wife  s grandmother . my work gave me a few weeks off but it was time for me to go back , they needed me . i  m a homicide detective which means long hours , late nights , and not a lot of time spent at home . when i was home i tried to help out with the baby as much as i could . i  d let my wife sleep and i would feed sara when she woke up during the night . i would help with changing  s and baths . everything was going good . newline newline i arrived to work that morning , grabbed a cup of coffee and sat down at my desk . i had a ton of paperwork to finish up and a couple of cases i was working on . then my phone rang . get home fast is what i was told . they wouldn  t tell me anything else . as i raced home a million thoughts flooded my mind . did something happen to my wife ? the baby ? was it a break in ? i pulled up to my street there was an ambulance , multiple police cars , and the coroner  s van . my stomach went up to my throat . i got out of my car and was met by my lieutenant . i could tell by his face that this was bad .  i  m sorry john , there was nothing we could do , sara died.  i broke down and cried like i have never cried before . i asked where my wife was . he told me she is inside on the couch . as i started making my way to the house they were bringing my daughter out on a stretcher in a body bag . it didn  t seem real . i deal with death everyday but this was different , my mind couldn  t make sense of this . i found my wife on the couch , just sitting there staring off into space . no expression , no crying , she didn  t even seem upset . i sat down next to her and asked what had happened . she said ,  i don  t know.  i asked where sara was when this happened she said in her crib . there was this look in my wife eyes , the only way i can describe it was cold , like nothing was there . my lieutenant came in the room and sat across from us . he told us that the coroner say  s it appears to be sids , sudden infant death syndrome . after everyone left i tried talking to my wife but she barely responded to me . just one word answers . she  s probably in shock i thought to myself . i helped her to the bedroom , got her in bed and came back down stairs . newline newline i didn  t sleep that night , i just kept picturing that look in my wife  s eyes . that blank cold stare . the fact that she didn  t even cry bothered me . something wasn  t right . sara was perfectly healthy she hadn  t been sick she was acting fine . then i started thinking something i didn  t want to believe . could something other than sids have caused sara  s death ? was there accident ? did my wife so something ? those questions played over and over in my head . morning came and my wife was still in bed . they asked me if i wanted to come see sara before they brought her to the funeral home . i said yes . my wife didn  t want to come . on my drive to the medical examiner  s office all i could think about was how my wife was acting . my gut was telling me that this wasn  t sids . could my wife have killed our baby ? i met the medical examiner , and saw sara . just laying there like she was sleeping . it was then that i decided i wanted an autopsy done . newline newline the next day i got a phone call , it was my lieutenant . i need to come down to the station . the autopsy results were in . the medical examiner ruled the death a homicide . during the autopsy small pin point blotches were found around the area of her eyes , signs of being suffocated . the police were already in route to my house . i headed that way and when i got there they already had her in cuffs and were walking her towards the police car . i called her name , yelling why could you do this ? no response , she wouldn  t even look at me . newline the trial starts next month . she was found mentally fit to stand trial , and admitted to the detectives that she smothered sara with a pillow . i haven  t visited her in jail , and they have her on suicide watch . i still can  t believe this has happened . there  s a part of me that doesn  t want to . i guess her depression was a lot worse than i thought . that  s what i tell myself to make sense of all this . so not only have i lost my daughter but also my wife . i  m not sure what i  m going to do now . newlinelife went on  sometimes i genuinely forgot and other times i actively remembered to forget . when the thought s absence called from the back of my mind , i distracted myself , leaving it as insubstantial as possible  not knowing for sure if there was a trigger level , or if my nonefforts were enough . newline newline i resolutely refused to call it forward and think about it  over and over  a thousand times over . newline newline i remained healthy . newline newline so far , so good . newline newline as i aged and considered the world in new ways , my religious leanings fell away and nibbling doubts about the deal kept appearing . i did nt think about those either  for how could they help ? newline newline it remained an illogical , superstitious part of my mind , the more i reasoned carefully , the more i walled this area off . newline newline and i remained healthy . newline newline  a deal ?  i had casually offered a deitythe universe .  if this stays healed , i wo nt think about it  wo nt research it on google , wo nt talk to other people who had it , nothing  . newline newline it made no sense , but what did that matter . i knew it was like the figurative rock that keeps wolves away  . but when the wolves stay away , how much courage does it take to damage the rock ? more than i had , certainly . newline newline with a thought i ca nt think , protecting a nonsensical deal , wrapped in a growing array of other related thoughts i dare not think  lest they drag the original thought up ... is there such a thing as a thought abscess ? my body remained well , but ... am i really healthy ? newline newline let s make a deal , eh ? you do nt pry and i wo nt lash out in selfdefence . so much of the world runs like this , you must recognise the pattern by now ? i m sure you understand .they were supposed to be here hours ago , i thought to myself . i suppose i could open my books to read myself to sleep , or i could write in my journal how utterly insignificant i can be . perhaps a nice episode of selfloathing and feeling bad for myself would take my mind off of the disaster that was tonight . newline newline newline it was board game night , the best night of the week . and what did jacee and jeni do instead of come over ? they went on a double date with the two hottest guys on campus . harrison berge and liam long .  newline newline newline i had dreamed over those two hunks for the longest time , falling into a drowsy sleeplike trance . yawn , of course my friends would turn on our plans for tonight . it s not like we grew up together and swore to never betray each other , right ? it s not like they have a paid way through university and an allowance where they can choose to go out every other night to impress guys . it s not like my student loans prevent me from having fun , right ? newline newline newline bzzzt my cellphone buzzed , taunting me with the inevitable message from the two j s that they forgot about board game night , again . i peered at the phone . i felt lost looking at their message . it was so predictable , a line of fate , drawn for the sheep to follow . they were both aries , independent , strong willed women of courage and optimism , destined for greatness . and inheritance of the highest kind , the kind that a prince would deserve if he was nt a royal bastard . newline newline newline i pushed the phone away . i concentrated on the rain , the only constant thing of the night . keeping me company , the splashes on the window soothed my temper , cooled my thoughts , emptied my mind . the condensation on the window was beginning to build up . i drew a cloud with my finger , the cold touch ringing a satisfying feeling of superiority . newline newline newline bzzzzt my cellphone cried out again . an apology from the j s saying that they would have invited brad pickerston , but he could nt make it out and i could join them at the high end club at the other side of town . or in a completely different city miles away . i did nt even bother looking at the phone . newline newline newline the rain drops were thin slices of this translucent purity , slivers of light coming down like tiny sails . it was a pleasant company to the dark background , spotted with the yellow and incandescent street lights . i thought i would get my journal to remark on the futility of one of the rain drops when newline newline newline bzzzzt . bzzzzt . bzzzzzt .  my phone was nt crying . it was weeping now , a red anger nearly surfacing . newline newline newline someone was calling . newline newline newline unknown number . i answered . newline newline newline  hello ?  newline newline newline  hey ! is this jeni ?  newline newline newline  no ... you have the wrong number , sorry goodby  newline newline newline  i m so sorry ! do nt worry , i was nt looking for her . i was looking for her roommate , frederique ? i do nt suppose you know if she is around ?  newline newline newline the voice sounded familiar . my cheeks felt hot .  that s me . who are you ? ..  newline newline newline  oh god , sorry , i m so sorry . i m such an idiot , calling you like this , do nt even think you have my number ... this is david , from professor lichtenstein s marketing class . do you remember me ?  newline newline newline his voice was shaky . as shaky as my own .  sure . i think i remember you . do you need help ?  it was an offer since i knew the teaching assistance . it would nt be the first time someone asked me for a favour ... newline newline newline  actually , this is kind of embarrassing ... uhh ...  newline newline newline  you want the notes for marketing from last class ? i did nt see you there last class .  his face was clearer now . a ginger with bright freckles , short rugged beard and newline newline newline  oh no ! i heard you were playing 7 wonders and settlers tonight ... my roommates harrison and liam ditched our lan party for a double date ... wanted to know whether you were still playing with your roommates ?  newline newline newline i smiled , on the verge of laughing .  well , uhh ... david .  i chortled finally , and said through broken fits of laughter .  my two roommates are with your roommates on that date . i ve been drawing on my window since dinner .  newline newline newline a long silence on the other side of the phone , but i could hear him smiling .  ai nt that a kick in the head . whatchu up to tonight then ?  newline newline newline we were nt close , we were nt even acquaintances , and yet i felt connected to him in ways i did nt even feel for the friends that i had known for years .  well , i was thinking of writing a passive aggressive note to my roommates dating people who ditch on their own roommates , but i thought that might be a bit much . you could come over to help write it , might even save some time .  newline newline newline a wide grin on my face was followed by a huge shock . what did i just say ?  i had only thought that stupid response in my mind and yet i can hear the tension over the phone . the dim reflection in the mirror was as pale as paper . i waited for a response . newline newline newline  sure . i guess . i do nt have anything witty to say to the varsity jocks but if it.. well helps , i can come over .  hesitation . i do nt know who s but it became very , very awkward . newline newline newline i had no idea what to say . newline newline newline  cool .  that was all i had managed to articulate . not , i think that we should rant about how crap our roommates are and bond over the fact that we are basically having a date , or you know what , we re two steps away from having newline newline newline  all right . see you in a bit .  newline newline newline thank god he interrupted that thought . that ungodly , unpure thought . i suppose rain was the only consistent thing that happened tonight .dear mr. reaper , newline newline i have nt seen you in a while . i left you a plate of cookies like you always like , but they were still there in the morning . when i got home from school they were gone , and mom said she ate them . she said she s been eating them for the past few weeks . i ll leave them in my bedroom from now on . i hope they re good ! newline newline love , newline newline emily newline newline  newline newline newline hi mr. reaper , newline newline mom told me to stop leaving plates of cookies out . i can do what i want with my allowance ! that s what i wish i could say . but her house , her rules . so , no more cookies . i m sorry . newline newline love , newline newline emily newline newline  newline newline dear mr. reaper , newline newline where have you been ? i m getting lonely . i had dialysis this morning and you still have nt come by . the doctors seem happier these days . does this mean i m not gon na see you again ? newline newline i miss you . you always had the best jokes , even if mom frowned and made a face when i d tell them to her . newline newline love , newline newline emily newline newline  newline newline dear mr. reaper , newline newline i did something i should nt have . i drank the whole bottle . you did nt come back . newline newline love , newline newline emily . newline newline  newline newline hi reaper man ! ! newline newline i think i newline newline might be drunk ? like that s what mom calls it when she s crying in the floor at night . she does nt do that much these days . sorry i forgot to capitalise and well i ll do it better next sentence haha newline newline it s weird to right haha cause you do nt hear me laugh anymore newline newline is nt it funny how write sounds like right ? you would think it was funny . you would tell me i m silly and that if i laugh too hard i d die . and i d laugh more . we d laugh together more . newline newline the room is spinny newline newline i still miss you newline newline love love a lot , newline newline emily newline newline  newline newline dear mr. reaper , newline newline i turned 12 today . dad showed up ! i told him about you and how i have nt seen you in forever and he made a weird face . mom and him , no , he and mom talked for a while after that . newline newline i m gon na do what they do . if i do nt hear from you tomorrow , you re gon na regret it ! newline newline  but not really . i think . do you still care about me ?  newline newline i have to go back to dialysis now . i hope you still read my diary . i hope you still get these letters . newline newline love , newline newline emily newline newline  newline newline dear mr. reaper , newline newline i have nt written to you in a long time . but you also have nt been here . i miss you . newline newline i m doing better at school . my attendance went back up , so that s good , right ? newline newline love , newline newline emily newline newline  newline newline dear mr. reaper , newline newline i just want you to know you were my closest friend . when everyone laughed at me you were there , watching from the window . when i cried , you told me it was okay . when we played chess , hands never touching , i felt like the happiest girl in the world . i know i m only 13 , but i miss you more than anyone else in the whole world . more than perry when the vet put her down . newline newline i miss you more than i know how to write . newline newline love , so much , newline newline emily newline newline  newline newline dear mr. reaper , newline newline the car swerved . newline newline emily newline newline  newline newline hi . newline newline i m 16 now . newline newline i do nt go to hospital anymore . newline newline you probably are nt reading these . i do nt know where you went . newline newline i grew up a bit . people are telling me reapers do nt dissappear . but you did . newline newline i hate you . newline newline i still wish you were here . newline newline em  like it ? it s my new nickname  newline newline  newline newline mr. reaper , newline newline i graduated this year . i also drank way too much that night . enough to kill me . but it did nt bring you closer to me . it did nt make me feel any less sad . newline newline i still ache for you . you do nt know what it s like to have your heart torn out . or maybe you do , since you re dead and all . newline newline come back to me . please . i ca nt do this whole life thing without you . and apparently , i ca nt die without you , either . newline newline i could pretend to be 11 again if that s what kept you around . maybe you knew i was growing up and that s not what strikes your fancy . there s not much research on you guys  which is why i m majoring in arcane science  . i do nt care . i just want you , with all your problems . newline newline no , i need you . please , just come back . i d do anything . newline newline  newline newline dear mr. reaper , newline newline drano is fucking shit . you re fucking shit . this world is shit , and the only person to make it better fucking dropped out of my life , just when things were getting better . i wish you were dead . newline newline i wish i was dead . newline newline em newline newline  newline newline baby , please . newline newline  newline newline if you had a phone , i d call you once in a while . or is that too needy ? was i too needy ? is that why you left ? newline newline i ran into dad at the supermarket . he looks old . he mutters to his reaper when he thinks i m not looking . he s going to die soon . newline newline why wo nt you come back ? even he came back , and he has four other kids . mom missed him so much . newline newline why do nt you miss me like i do ? newline newline  newline newline i did nt mean anything when i said i hated you . newline newline just come home . come home , back to me . newline newline love , newline newline forever and always , newline newline emilyit did nt matter how many rats he put in his basement , the heroes always seemed to wade through the small creatures . sure it was an introductory quest , but he expected some sort of personal reward at watching the heroes accomplish it . instead , urk the orc became a side quest that merited no thought from the heroes . most of them would skip his house entirely , while the few that ventured under his home seemed only concerned with having a complete journal . newline newline urk believed he could handle the mediocre life , but he was wrong . the sneers as heroes ran past , the nude dance parties conducted on top of his house , and that god forsaken opposing faction that would regularly kill him ... it was just too much . urk would rather be one of the hundreds of villagers who were paid no attention at all , than be the butt end of the worlds joke . newline newline newline the change was slow . most heroes thought it was a glitch or that they had been careless . eventually , a guild investigated and sent in members one by one to see if they could challenge the rats . each member would descend into the depths below and slaughter the rights , but then die themselves . it astounded them all and more and more came to witness the sight . it was nt until the high level heroes , those that walked as gods among men , came did they notice the poison . it did nt take much to kill the low level heroes , and urk made sure the rats were a walking cesspit of every vile poison he could get his hands on . a bite would give them rabies , killing a rat released noxious gasses into the air , and vanishing them with spells made one of the more interesting poisons transfer to whatever nearest creature there was , eventually landing on the confused hero themself . newline newline urk stood by , happy , as his basement filled with the bodies of those trying to  protect  him , dying by his inventions and paying him the attention he deserved .as the automatic doors slid open , i reflexively glanced over to check who was entering the building . it took me aback to see a young girl confidently striding in  if striding  as a word could be applied to such short legs . i was used to a wheelchair rolling through those doors , or a tired adult coming after work , still bedecked in their cubicle finery . newline newline newline the most striking thing about the little girl was her clothes . she was adorably dysfunctional , in the way that only kids can be . a purple shirt , with a little denim dress over it , and striped stockings and bright green sneakers to complete the look . her hair was pulled into pigtails , with small curls barely contained by the hairbands , and hair almost too short to even make pigtails . newline newline newline the second most striking thing was the fact that she was alone . i may not know much about kids , but i d always figured they were pretty similar to the elderly people i talked to every day . just ... smaller and faster . and , just like the 80yearolds i kept an eye on , i knew that she should nt be striding around all by herself . newline newline newline as she started to turn away from the desk , i halfstood up from my chair and called out ,  hey , um , you !  what on earth should i call her ? company policy dictated maam  for women , but i really did nt feel like that applied here . little kid  also sounded a bit rude ...  uh , miss ! please , wait a moment .  newline newline newline she cast a look over her shoulder , looked me over , and seemed to find me worthy . a huge smile lit her face as she trotted dutifully towards me . i had to stand and peer over my desk just to see her as she focused her attention on me . newline newline newline  hi , i m marie , and i m six , and i m here to find some grandparents , please .  she put the emphasis on the last word and seemed very pleased with herself . her hands went behind her back and she rocked back and forth on her feet as she waited for my response . newline newline newline this , at least , i knew how to handle .  okay , well , do you know what room or floor they live   no , wait . i had to defer back to my second observation about her , not my usual spiel . pushing my glasses up , i looked at her with an uncertain smile .  um , do you have any parents with you , miss ? are they already inside the building , or are they parking the car ?  maybe her mom or dad was just distracted by something and lagging behind  it was nt impossible . newline newline newline  no , mommy s at home ,  marie replied , staring at me unerringly and making me a little uncomfortable with her intensity .  i m here to pick my grandparents by myself , like a big girl .  newline newline newline  i m afraid that i ca nt let you do that , uh , marie ,  i said slowly , trying to go with my own judgment on this matter . i did nt want to just let a little girl wander around looking for her grandparents , for obvious reasons . how did she even get here ?  do you know your mommy s phone number ?  newline newline newline she nodded strongly .  yeah ! do you ?  newline newline newline  ddo i ? no , ii do nt know your mom s number ,  i stammered . newline newline newline  no , silly , your mommy s phone number !  newline newline newline well , great , now i was being made a fool by a sixyearold . i could even see old miss mel laughing at me as she reclined on one of the couches nearby . though , that sight calmed me . i know this place , i know how to deal with every one of these sweet and grumpy and sly old people . i know how to do my job , so i can definitely handle a sixyearold . newline newline newline  yes , sweetie , i know my mom s number . however , i d like to know yours so she can go for a visit with you , okay ? then you do nt have to be alone .  i say , picking up a pen . newline newline newline her eyes narrowed and i tried to keep my stomach from dropping .  no . i ll tell you after i ve picked my grandma and grandpa . it s going to be a surprise .  newline newline newline  i m sorry , but i ca nt let you do that . you see , if  wait .  what she was saying just hit me then .  pick ?  what do you mean by pick ?   newline newline newline  everyone else has already picked their grandma and grandpa , so i need to pick my own . i want my own !  marie stated , her big grin instantly coming back as she sensed my interest . newline newline newline and , indeed , my interested was piqued . did she think that a person could just choose their grandparents ? i mean , she had to have some sort of understanding about the way families worked , right ? six was pretty young , but how old do you have to be to realize that you could nt choose your family ? newline newline newline  sweetie ,  i said , deciding to stick to calling her that ,  you ca nt pick your grandparents .  newline newline newline her face creased in confusion . ah , kids , so easy to tell their emotions , and thank god for that .  why ? they sound really fun ! i want a grandma who bakes me cookies , and a grandpa who tells me stories , and i ll come over after school and they will help me with my homework , and they ll tell mommy and daddy to buy me more toys , and they ll   newline newline newline i got the feeling that i needed to interrupt her , or else she d keep going on for the rest of my shift .  look , uh , it s not you . i mean , no one can just pick their grandparents . that s not how it works .  newline newline newline  but i want to pick my grandma and grandpa ,  she explained again , slowly like i was the one who could nt make sense of it . newline newline newline  honey , listen to laura ,  miss mel piped up , and i almost heaved a big sigh of relief . mel was a grandmother herself , she had to know how to deal with this girl .  you just have them . they re the mom and dad to your mom and dad . but hey , if you want , i ll adopt you .  she winked at me as i did let out a sigh , this time in annoyance . well , affectionate annoyance , if that was a thing . newline newline newline  i wish i could choose my grandkids . maybe then i d have some who are nt so lazy as to never visit me ,  doris , the woman sitting next to mel , grumbled . newline newline newline  oh , come on , doris . your grandson just visited you on wednesday !  i reminded her , and she contemplated that . newline newline newline  huh . guess he did ,  she mentioned with a shrug , like it did nt matter to her .  but do you know how many grandkids i have ?  newline newline newline  you have ten , right ?  newline newline newline another shrug .  ten is too many for only one visitor on wednesday , bah .  newline newline newline  but you have us ,  i said with a smile , and mel nudged her . my heart ached for her  she was just lonely . every employee tried to always have activities going on and keep them happy , but there were just some facts you could nt avoid . newline newline newline  i ll be your grandkid and i ll always visit !  marie chirped , and my attention switched back to her . i had nearly forgotten she was there in my familiar banter with the residents . by now , the whole group in the siting area had their eye on the little girl and me . oh , how they loved their gossip . newline newline newline  hm , well , now that you mention it ...  doris mumbled , a glint in her eye as she smirked at me . newline newline newline i walked out from behind me desk , my hands at my sides so i did nt throw them up in frustration .  marie , look , i really need your mommy s phone number , so if you could please   newline newline newline this time , i was the one who was interrupted .  you know these people . yes ?  newline newline newline i took it in stride , this time .  yes , i do know these people , because i work here . now , i d really appreciate it if you   newline newline newline  you know these people , so you can show them to me and then i can pick my grandma and grandpa ,  she went on , acting oblivious . newline newline newline okay , so if that was the only way i could get her to give me that phone number , then i could play this game . despite all that she had heard about how you could nt pick her grandparents , she was certainly stubborn . newline newline newline  then you ll give me that number ?  i said , looking her in the eyes , and she gave a prompt nod . still , she could nt hide her own smile of delight . i could guess that she got her way pretty often . either that , or i d just be a terrible parent . newline newline newline with another sigh , i crossed my arms over my chest and looked around the room . yes , i did know these people . there was tom , who would wheel over to my desk after going on a trip to the city and give me a starbucks drink . betsy sat on the armchair across from him , a book lying open on her walker , but her attention fully fixated on me . the primary gossiper of them all , with friends in every level of the building . to her right , nancy , who always wanted to hear about how school was going and give me little fashion tips . ralph was deep in conversation with ann , gesturing animatedly . he was the one who would always stop at my desk and talk to me for twenty minutes about this or that , usually a terrible joke that he would laugh uproariously about . one time , he was in the elevator with me , and kept trying to tell a joke i had heard before , even after we d been at my floor for two minutes . ann was the sweet old lady you always wanted to imagine , with a ball of yarn in her lap and knitting needles clacking as she listened intently to ralph . newline newline newline these were my residents , and if a little girl wanted to talk to them , then i would show them off . they d love the company , too , i was sure . and so , if everyone was happy , then i would be . and maybe  if her mother ended up not being too angry when she came to pick her up ... maybe this could happen again . all these people could be her grandparents , in a way . newline newline marie reached up her hand to mine , and i let her take it as i guided her over to the sitting area . newline newline newline    newline newline i hoped you liked this ! :  it was fun to write , and i hope you excuse me for getting a little sappy at the end , haha .it s only been a week since i disappeared . why does it feel like it s already been a year ? when i woke up sunday morning next to my fiance i held him close , but something was off  i could nt wrap my legs and arms around him . i knew i was short but then i looked at my hands : not as chubby , but neither as long . my small turn towards the bathroom gave me more suspicion as i found my hair had all grown back down to my rear . i could barely see my short ... er self in the mirror but i could see enough of what had happened . newline newline  roooooon  newline newline i could see him jolt up and stare for a long while . i could nt turn to him . i knew this was it . not long before our wedding , and this happens . so many plans . so many dates . all gone . newline newline  love , ii do nt know what happened ,  i could barely choke back tears . everything rushing through my mind spilled out onto my cheeks , my 12 year old little hands held up in some vain attempt to hide from my fiance . he held me , but i could feel his uneasiness , his worry , his pity . after an hour of this only one thing came to mind . i racked my brain as to why i could remember everything , if this was just me dreaming still , and what was going to happen to me if people actually believed my body was turned 12 . i could nt let anyone else know , but ron knew . i knew it was hard , but after logging back on to my social media one last time , i left him , and every site i frequented , with the message : newline newline whoever thought they d like to try again at life , try it . look at what you have and try maintaining it as a 12 year old girl .part 1 newline newline  lunar even log 0357 newline newline date : 582038 newline newline alright , i ll tell it as best as i can remember it . it s just.. it s going to be hard to say it . it still is pretty recent in my memory . newline newline three years ago , i was posted to lunar colony 2 . lunar colony 1 was to see if we could develop a self sustaining colony in completely hostile terrain , where as my colony was to see if we could build a profitable , economic colony , one that could send things back to earth or continue its own development . we focused on water , since the moon has a lot , and earth is having cleanliness issues in africa still . newline newline since this report will be read in the future , i ll give some contextual information : in 2033 , nasa started getting increasing funding instead of decreasing , when sona ericson convinced the government that nasa , if given funding could bring in space mining like what elon musk and others are doing privately , and that extraplanetary colonies could bring in other materials that space mining ca nt bring , or are difficult to bring in . newline newline so , my colony had myself , stephen , david , mark , and lastly sona . sona intended to go on the first colony , but realized it would be better for the government to see her go to the second . newline newline so , three years ago , we arrived at the base the robots who arrived before us built . it was large , but modest for how many of us there were . we immediately settled in . newline newline as we lived , we worked on water extraction , and eventually started outputting so much we no longer had to filter , though we did just so we could be selfsustaining . we send the excess back to earth , which was donated to various african countries that have low water quality . newline newline in this entire time , we had kept some form of contact with colony 1 , but.. two weeks ago , that ended . they did nt respond to our weekly contact request . we spent 2 hours trying to get a connection until we decided to take a rover over . me and stephen went out with constant communication to sona . newline newline after a few hours of driving , we arrived . we found the base.. all lights were off . usually that was an indicator for everyone sleeping , but the time of day goes against that . we first thought they had an electrical problem . newline newline we knocked on the airlock door , requesting entry . no response . we looked through the window to make sure the other side s door is closed , then forcibly opened our side . we were pushed back as the inside s air was higher pressure , that was a good sign , they probably did nt die of suffocation . we closed the door behind us , with a toolbox in hand just in case . opened the next door , and walked around the base . newline newline nobody . not a person to be found . that s when we noticed their rocket had been sent off . our base sends rockets off regularly to transfer water , but theirs is for emergency leave , and or when their 5 year time is up . but they should have contacted us in emergency , not just run away . they d at least have given us a report to make sure we do nt get the same problem , or whatever was wrong . newline newline we explored , and found we were right , the batteries were not outputting . checked with a multimeter , and it was as if the battery was nt even there . usually even dead batteries output something . we did nt have replacements , so we just took note to bring over a spare if we ca nt find one here , which we ended up did finding spares , but they were also absolutely nothing to the multimeter . newline newline the food stores were empty , completely , as if food was never there in the first place . then we found something , different . one of the beds were torn to shreds , and we found blood on it . a lot of blood . a puddle that before drying , had dripped a second smaller puddle over the floor . we reported it to sona , and were were all confused and disturbed . newline newline after clearing the building , we looked where their rocket used to sit . the moon rock below it was burned , and still warm enough for the heat to permeate through the suit , so it was launched recently.. but our sensors should have reported that . newline newline we returned to our base , grabbed a battery , and before we were about to leave , sona saw through the airlock door , and looked horrified . we asked what was wrong as the outside door opened , worried that she saw a tear we were unaware of . she was stuttering , and said  the blood  . we looked at our suits and it looked clean . newline newline when we returned to the base , i decided to see the bed again . the blood was all gone , and however it was removed , had not disturbed the bed sheets at all . stephen said he was hooking up the new battery , and when the lights turned on , the blood returned , and more.. newline newline the ceiling , the walls , and the floors were soaked in old blood . there were footprints from our boots . we originally wrote down the slipperiness as cables or something we could nt see , but now we realized . newline newline i chuckled seeing all of it , and said something like it sounded like a cheesy horror story . i was still confused though . newline newline when the lights turned on , i saw through the window . some of the ship was back , but only where the light shone . it was like a 3d model that had been sliced apart , only what the light touched , could be seen . the side was completely invisible . but then i realized , the part of the hull i saw , was on its side . the ship must have fallen over or something . newline newline as i tried to comprehend what exactly i was looking at , i heard a growl or groan . i slowly turned around , and looked at stephen . he heard it too , i could tell . i whispered into my mic to ask confirmation , and he responded he heard it . it was loud , deep , but sounded like it was on the other side of the building . newline newline so we slowly walked toward the airlock , terrified and bewildered . we heard footsteps , but not human . something large , like a horse or cow . when we opened the inner airlock door , it started running . it sounded like it was right in front of us for some time , but we could nt see it . newline newline stephen said ,  should we investigate , or keep running away ? maybe it was just the water pipes groaning in.. a really weird way ? absurd , but thinking it s a creature or something is even more absurd .  newline newline i agreed , so we walked around , searching trying to figure it out . we looked for damaged pipes , speakers , and anything else that could have made those sounds . we heard the footsteps as we continued . newline newline when i left searching the bedroom , i turned the light off , and when i glanced behind me , i saw it . newline newline i had never been more terrified in my life , to see a something like this on the moon , that should be barren and empty . newline newline black silvery fur , like a polar bear with black fur instead of white . four legs , a mouth of a rat wolf thing , and looked like it had the muscles to rip apart steel . newline newline i stepped back , and it growled . i thought i would nt survive , so i just whispered to my mic ,  get out , now . run back to colony 2 , do nt worry about me .  he refused asking for explanation , and i just said there was nt time . so he left . newline newline as i stepped away , the creature slowly followed . as it walked into the light , it disappeared . i have nt seen anything like that in my life . i looked around for a weapon , but all there was , was a table to my right . newline newline i ran to the table , grabbed it and threw it at the creature . by then the creature lunged into pure light , and it seemed i missed . the table went right through where the creature should have been . newline newline stephen said over the radio .  can you hear me ? can you explain what you saw ?  newline newline  a.. thing . it was a creature , it was invisible in light , black fur , four legs . it looked like it could kill me in a second .  newline newline  this is nt the time to be joking . what did you see ?  newline newline  i m not fucking joking stephen ! that s what i saw !  newline newline  we re on the moon , there is nt any life here except us !  newline newline  well , you re wrong . bring back something explosive , this thing is dangerous .  newline newline stephen did nt reply , he just sighed into his radio . i ran around looking for a decent weapon . then i realized , the battery , if i hooked it up to some sticks , i could shock it with enough voltage to set it on fire . newline newline i took a chair , and some spare wire in a storage room , and had turned two of the metal legs into conducting weapons . when i went to take the battery , i heard its growl . i removed the battery , and the building went dark . i felt it breathing on my neck . i immediately linked the cables to the battery and turned around . newline newline its howl was deafening . i thrust my chair weapon into its throat . its squeal was worse . newline newline  what the hell was that ? !  i must have not turned off my radio for some reason . newline newline the creature lunged at me , and when i hit it again with my chair , nothing . newline newline i dropped my chair and ran , and thought . the table i threw passed through where it should have been . what if it does nt just turn invisible , but loses physical presence when its lit ? newline newline i rummaged through the boxes in the storage room until i found a flashlight . newline newline the creature bit my left arm , as i swung the flashlight with my right into its face . i was right , the tear on my skin stopped continuing when i did that . it ran away . newline newline i walked slowly and carefully watching it , leaving a leg or arm visible so i d know where it was . i put the battery back in , and it was drained . newline newline david and stephen arrived , and knocked on the door if anyone was inside . newline newline  i m alive ! get a flashlight or something in here , quick !  newline newline   newline newline want to read more stories ? i have my own subreddit , come check it at rdeliphin !  note : we are going through a few css changes , so if you see the subreddit s design change a bit , that s why .  newline newline this story was a roller coaster of writing . the way i write stories , i do nt think of the end , and how i get there . i just think of a base , a bit ahead to see if it s worth writing , and see where it goes . at first , i thought it was going to end in an explosion or something that killed everyone , then it became an alien spacecraft attack , then it became some disease that made them insane  which i promptly pushed against because i realized that was a doctor who episode , except on mars .  , until i got to the end .you read the paper , then duck . a bullet pierces a hole in the door , right where your head was a moment before . newline newline  fuck  yells a familiar voice . you spin around . standing on the pillow of your bed , where you loved to jump as an 8 year old , is ... you as an eight year old . scrappy hair . thin arms . pointing a gun directly at you . eyes equally wide at having fired a gun as shouting a naughty word . they start stammering . newline newline  i  i  i ththis was nt supposed to happen ! heyoutheyhe told me i only needed one bullet . you knew when you would be here !  you watch yourself struggle for more words .  fuck !  newline newline  no ,  says another familiar voice .  your failure was planned since long after your death .  newline newline you spin around again . you recognize your own face underneath a mess of beard and wrinkles . a 60  ish  year old man is standing by your closet , but he is very clearly you . he points at the 8 year old you . newline newline  you have no idea how many days i ve sent myself back in time . to study your methods . learn your plans . discovered exactly when and how you managed to kill him .  he motions to presentday you . the you you . newline newline  wait . how old are you ?  the eight year old tilts his head at the elderly man . they lock eyes just over your head . newline newline  immeasurably .  newline newline eight shakes his head . gun now hanging from his fingertips , pointed at the ground . newline newline  that s not the password we counted on !  newline newline sixty scratches at something in his beard . newline newline  i ve never met you personally before !  newline newline eight thinks a moment . newline newline  we have nt met yet . you must be the slightly younger version of us the oldest one warned me about .  newline newline they lock eyes some more . you do nt know who to look at . they both mutter the word at the same time . newline newline  fuck .   newline newline ... newline newline  what the fuck is going on  you yell . seems the most appropriate thing to say . sixty lays a hand on your shoulder . newline newline  let me just say , it gets complicated kid . you get wrapped up in a lot of shit , and it eventually destroys your sanity and most of your memories .  newline newline a pause , the kind of pause old people think is enough time to let young folk absorb universe shattering ideas . newline newline  but what i do remember must have happened , so here you go , kid .  newline newline sixty drops a faded gold watch into your hand . newline newline  this watch allows you to time travel . give us hell , son .  newline newline you sleepily fumble , trying to put the watch on your wrist , and accidentally press a button . you hear an old man sighing disappointedly as you slip backwards into blackness .i was in the mines when it happened . it started with a vast rumbling , as if the ground itself was tearing apart . ice and rocks tumbled down on me , and i heard screams in the distance . suddenly , the shaking stopped . i rushed towards the mine s entrance , curious , yet terrified for what i might find . several guards rushed past me , brandishing their polished spears . as i exited the tunnel , i saw the carnage in front of me . our home , the cave of life , was ruined . the eternal igloo , home of the emperor , had collapsed . it s large dome had smashed through the smaller foundation domes , causing the structure to collapse . replacing it was a giant grey cylinder , reaching from the cave s top to it s bottom . the rest of the cave had feared no better , the endless array of igloos that filled our homeland had crumbled , with only a few surviving structures . soldiers rushed towards the center of the cave , willing to lay down their lives for the emperor . without warning , light shot out from the sides of the metal structure . light brighter than anything i had seen , one hundred times brighter than the glowbats that covered our cavern s roof . i slowly walked towards the shiny thing , transfixed by its extreme brilliance . then , as if the light had never existed , it shut off . my vision darkened for a moment , before they adjusted to the regular glow of the cave . what i saw i will never forget : strange figures dropped down from the giant calendar . covered in bulbous , icecolored suits , they looked foreign in our jagged world . they hit the ground , and stood , staring at us with the one black eye in the center of their heads . everything was still for a moment . then , suddenly , one of the soldiers charged the creatures . likely to avenge the destruction of our home , he stabbed the white creature . his weapon punched cleanly through the strange animal , who promptly collapsed . the other creatures stepped back , and pulled out their own strangelyshaped spears . however , instead of rushing the soldiers of my race , they stood their ground . for a moment , there was silence , and it seemed like it would never be broken . but it was not so . bright light shot from the creature s spears , accompanied by extraordinary noise . then our soldiers began to fall . the emperor s men rushed forward in a carpet of running troops , only to fall before reaching the creatures . some tried to throw their spears , but their short arms could not reach the invaders . within a minute , all the soldiers were dead , and not a single invader was harmed . the strange creatures walked methodically among the bodies , the ice now soaked with their blood . slowly they walked towards me , weapons raised . in a burst of movement , one jumped at me , tackling me to the ground . it grabbed my arms , and wrapped them together with some sort of cord . then it slammed it s weapon into my face , and everything went black .he lit a cigarette and leaned back in his chair . a folder lay gutted on his desk : pages of paper marred with the black marker of redaction  photos of people , buildings , and blue prints  many blurred , some incomplete . newline newline the thin stick of tobacco burned quicker as he pulled a hungry breath through it . he told himself that the hand that held the cigarette was nt shaking . he was still . it was the world that shook . yeah . not him . never him . newline newline he was too well trained for fear . newline newline he crushed the half burned cigarette on a free spot on his desk , he had thrown his ash tray out with his cigarettes thirty years before . he then picked up the phone and cursed the world for how it shook the numbers and made them hard to press . definitely was nt his hand . no sir . newline newline he dialed a number  the first of many that he would dial that night . newline newline    newline newline a lifetime as a covert operative for the government had been good to him . he liked his work , profited well from it , and had even managed to have a family . he was one of the few in his line of work that managed to stay alive long enough to be put behind a desk and allowed to grow old . newline newline old and tired . newline newline his adult life had been spent in the shadows  shadows from which he would protect his country . he had met others in that darkness . others like him . there were debts owed . chips to cash in . newline newline and he had called them . all of them . newline newline he tore the tops off of two paper sachets at the same time and poured the sugar into his coffee . he did nt like sugar in his coffee . hated it . but the contacts that were going to meet him , were going to sit at a table in a coffee shop and listen to him beg , knew him as the sweet toothed harry james . he was too old for this . too damn old . his eyes scanned the coffee shop again . old habits die hard . newline newline a man who had stood by the collection counter , eyes locked on a folded up newspaper , collected his coffee and sat down at the table across from the man known to a select few as harry . they stared into each others eyes for a moment . then smiled . newline newline  how are you , harry ?  newline newline  well i called you , frank .  harry said  and as much as i d love to reminisce about old times ... well , you get the idea .  newline newline frank chuckled .  yeah , i get it .  newline newline their eyes met again , but not for long . both men knew that the names they used were nt real and that the person they knew , had known for thirty years , was just the disguise of some other person . newline newline they sipped their coffees and sat in silence . there was nothing to say until the others arrived . newline newline she arrived next . she too had many names and to the pair already at the table she had gone by several . long ago , harry had called her lover . newline newline thirty years , or maybe a talented plastic surgeon , had been kind to her . a stylish and well fitted chanel skirt and jacket hinted at a well maintained body , her face was soft and defied her age . her eyes had only lost a little of their blue intensity . newline newline  hello , boys .  she said , a hand on frank s shoulder , whilst her eyes pierced into harry s . newline newline  chel !  frank said without getting up , he patted the hand she had on his shoulder and smiled up at her  how s life ?  newline newline  good , frank . good .  she walked around to harry , he stood and they embraced each other as old friends . when they released one another she kept her hands on his shoulders as she stared into his eyes .  how have you been , harry ?  newline newline  not bad , michelle .  he said  i d be happier if i had nt needed to call you .  newline newline she gasped , a hand clasped to her chest , and turned to the still seated frank  you mean , you did nt want to catch up ? harry ! my feelings .  newline newline frank and michelle chuckled and harry shook his head . newline newline  grab yourself a coffee , michelle , we re waiting on a few more .  newline newline a few minutes and several coffees passed . frank read his paper , michelle tapped away at a tablet computer , and harry scribbled in his book of crossword puzzles . they each did these things and did nt do them . their eyes would check and recheck the entry points and the faces of the other patrons . newline newline sun and patty arrived together . sun shook everyone s hand and commented on how well they all looked . patty waved once and did nt make eye contact with michelle . thirty years does not clear bad blood . newline newline  so , harry  you ve gotten fat , by the way  what s up ?  patty said once she had a coffee in her hand and a seat beneath her . she had always been blunt , it was her sense of humor . newline newline  something big is happening . i was reviewing some cases and i found some misplaced documents . they led me to  newline newline  hold up a sec .  sun raised a hand  they ve got you doing document work ?  newline newline the group chuckled . the man they knew as harry james was not a pencil pusher . he was a field operative , one of the best . possibly even the best at some time in his career . newline newline  of course he s behind a desk .  said patty  like i said , he s gotten fat !  newline newline they all laughed , even michelle . a family reunited . newline newline harry waited for the laughter to die down . what he wanted to tell them was serious . what he was about to ask of them was insane . deadly . he was about to ask a group of retired covert operatives from an array of different countries to come out of retirement and to work together . newline newline to risk their lives . newline newline all because of a single dossier and a hunch . newline newline  look , guys , i need you to listen .  newline newline  newline edit : typo011 newline newline newline the little black box came in the mail on a rainy thursday afternoon . newline newline it was 1989 , and i was a boy of ten years . exactly ten , as it was my birthday . newline newline my celebrations were nt slated to be until the next week , so besides a quick happy birthday from everyone in my family , it was just another day of summer vacation , too close to school for comfort . newline newline i had spent the better part of the morning underfoot of everyone trying to do anything productive , and had gotten scolded for it , lightly though , considering it was.my birthday . after being locked out of the room i shared with my older brother , shoed away from the napping younger sister , and threatened by my mother to leave the kitchen before she skinned me alive , i decided to sulk on the closed in front porch , feeling unusually depressed . newline newline as i watched the rain fall and form the puddles , i imagined all of the fun and exciting things that all of my friends were doubtlessly doing in the rain . i imagined them puddle jumping , and getting muddy , messing about in the river , all without me . in a sense , it being my birthday was a curse , because on the one day when i wanted to have fun and get dirty , i could nt because we were going to a restaurant later that evening . so i sat there lost in thought , staring out the window watching rain splatter on the ground . newline newline i barely noticed the mailman , he had almost come up to the door before i was aware of his presence . whether it was because i was so lost in thought or because the mailman was extrodanairly furtive i will never be certain . the mailman did seem to make his rounds especially quickly that afternoon , but that was probably the rain . on this particular day however , he had a package to deliver , and since i was in the closed in porch , i received it first . it looked like a gift packages for mail travel , it s distinctive stamping and labeling looked official , and considering it was my birthday , naturally i opened the large brown box . newline newline to my surprise , inside of the box was two things , a card in an envelope addressed to me , and a little black box , about the size of a shoebox , maybe a little larger , with odd holes cut into the top if it . other than that , it looked smooth . newline newline remembering my mothers advice on the proper order of gift opening , which to the uninformed , states that cards are to be opened first , i tore open the cream envelope addressed to me . newline newline inside i found a ten dollar bill , a card with a generic birthday message from my uncle who lived on the other side of the country , and met as often as you would expect , and a gift card for a video i had wanted . what was curious about the note was that there was a ps . that a interested me , newline newline ps . hope you love your present , it will last forever , and tell your mother not to be afraid of your gift newline newline i pocketed the money , put the card back in the envelope , set aside the game , and focused my attentions on the box . it was a little black box , made of black plastic , and had holes on the top side . even under the light of a nearby lamp i could not see what was inside through the holes , and my pinky finger did not come close to being able to fit in the largest of the holes . i flipped it over to examine the bottom , .and heard whatever.what was on the inside fall to the new bottom , and squeak . i realized then that box had a lid , which had fit so smoothly on the box that previously had gone unnoticed . newline newline slowly , i lifted up the lid of the box , revealing a small animal nestled into the folds of a red blanket . at first i thought it was a puppy or a kitten , judging from the size and the shape of the now wriggling bundle . then i pulled off the cloth , unsnuggling my new pet , which gave another squeak of indignation , and used its small claws to pull the blanket out of my hand , and renestled itself . i gaped in awe of my new dragon .i hated lilies , i really did . it was nt just the shape or the sight , but the sight that always drove me wild with angst . newline newline but she insisted on putting them everywhere . on the windowsills , by the bed , and especially next to her daughter s crib at night , while she gave her her favorite doll , a stuffed penguin , so that she could sleep easier . she would even put them in her hair , which was light brown with faint streaks of blonde . and she always kept them outside the door of the second bedroom of the twobedroom apartment , even though she never went inside that one . newline newline her face seemed familiar , but then i could nt tell . they said  we said ?  that once you pass through the worlds , you could nt really stay to chat . it was only proper , they said , to , to move on , and let go of all the memories that you had from your previous life . newline newline but i , i was stuck . and so i was an abnormality , caught between two eras . so that was why i could remember , if only a little . flashes of memory and understanding that merged automatically with my thoughts . i could recall a fair , chubby girl laughing and playing with me  i supposed that was from my youth  , and most of all earth , lots and lots of earth , surrounding me from all sides , immersing myself in it , until i finally had an everlasting feeling of oneness that i had nt felt my entire life . newline newline perhaps that was why i was drawn to her , the girl , now lady , with her lilies and her dresses and her hair . maybe she was someone i had known ? newline newline but in all my thinking , i had forgotten about reality . time moved fast , it seemed , for now the daughter was all grown up . the woman was now older , dignified , but clearly still had that aura around her , the feeling that had drawn me to her so intensely . her smile was still there , and the twinkle in her eyes , but for how long ? newline newline i blinked and she was lying on her bed , old and frail , and could feel my heart pound hard , despite the irony of it . she was at the edge , and with her last breath , i could hear her mutter something . and all of a sudden , i started to remember . flashes , images , hundreds of thousands , all pouring in . and she whispered a name , starting with r  . newline newline and then i blinked again , and then all at once , it was too late . she was gone , and i knew instinctively that she had passed on to the next world . only i remained . newline newline i sighed . another opportunity missed . i was a typical homosapien , whatever that meant . the daughter had moved out now , and had started a family of her own . oh well . newline newline of course , in retrospect , i could say that i had nt gone through with it because our meeting just would nt have been right . our eras were like those of the dinosaurs : though they seemed similar , they were really , really far apart . newline newline as i thought this , my memories aligned , automatically readjusting until i had a lot , but not everything . and i had the niggling feeling that something was missing . newline newline i wondered about her death , how had it happened , and i could nt help but compare it with my own . at least she had gone calmly , whereas me ? i got hit by a blimp . not so normal , even though i was a normal  guy . i mean sure , i liked dinosaurs a bit much  and geology rocks !  , and maybe i would use too much hair gel , but really , there could nt have been anything that wrong with ... .. newline newline newline and then , suddenly , i remembered everything .at first it was freeing , limitless , even a little fun . i was special , spectacular , fucking brilliant . everything you see ? that was all me , all mine , my fucking creation . it s amazing , is nt it ? newline newline i m omnipotent . i m allpowerful . i m the motherfucking god , and all you people should cower before me . why would nt you ? i m pretty damned amazing , are nt i ? newline newline for a while , life was great , awesome , powerful . i was the one , the only one who mattered , and even if people did nt think about me all the time , i could always smite them , could always throw lightning bolts out of my fingers , and all that would be left of them was a pile of blighted , smudging ash . newline newline i had a castle , once . a castle built out of fucking clouds , all fluff and comfort and pillowy as a fucking feather bed . i had a castle , and servants who would bring me lemonade with the exact right ratio of sweettosour . i was ensconced in a lemony , pillowy slice of heaven , and i did nt give a damn about anything . newline newline it was perfect . newline newline i remember when i started to care . there was nt a cataclysm , was nt some epic tale of love that would be foretold in some nonsense book for forever . it was as simple as one midnight , one of those special ones that make the hairs on my back stick up . newline newline it was midnight , and i could nt understand what any of it was for . you all say that i know what s going on , and sometimes i do , but for the most part i do nt have a fucking clue . what s the point of all this ? why ? what am i even doing ? who am i ? newline newline and i could nt come up with an answer . i guess i m no one , no one in a whole universe of someones , so who s going to give a damn if i m gone ? who s even going to notice ? newline newline what s the point of omnipotence if there is nt a fucking reason ?sir arturias approached the crater and , within it , the object . the thing had fallen in the night , screaming down from the heavens and smashing into the ground with a huge ball of flame . the next morning the king had sent arturias to investigate , he approached , clad in his steel plate armour and with his longsword drawn , his shield close at hand . newline newline the object shined as if it were steel , shaped like a flattened dome and vibrating . arturias saw smoke still rising from the ground where the thing had impacted and saw a dull glow from the bottom of the disc . it shook again and this time as it creaked and groaned a segment of steel gave way , popping free to clatter to the ground . inside there was darkness and arturias steeled himself to approach the hole . newline newline as he got nearer a gout of flame erupted from the hole with a roar followed by the green scaly foot of some devilbeast . arturias jumped back and avoided both flame and claw and steadied himself . slowly something began emerging from within , more green scaly skin came hauling itself out of the object , a head , pointed with a snout that seemed to be wreathed in smoke , wings like a giant bat and four legs . the body ended in a great serpentine tail which whipped this way and that . newline newline arturias summoned up his courage and advanced on the beast , swinging his sword in a high arc the bringing it up to guard . the beast roared again , flame jetting into the air and swiped at arturias with a clawed foot . arturias parried it with his shield and slashed at the offending limb , black blood spurting from the beast where he had cut it . another swing of the creature s foot knocked him into the dirt some one hundred yards away and arturias mounted his steed and rode for the castle . this fight could not be won alone ...the meteorologists do nt know what s going on . newline newline they ca nt think of no explanation for the rainbows that appear everywhere these days , crowding all the sky with hundreds of them until everything s just a bunch of color and lights . newline but i know what s going on . they ca nt fool me . i know it s the gays behind it . newline newline the gays are causing all of it , i promise you . they ve been controlling the weather for years and years , you see . now they ve decided to really have a go at it , and look what they re causing . in the past it was just bad crops out of spite or a disaster so no one would be suspicious . but now they re letting everyone know their powers coming out of the closet , you know . newline but it s not just the gays , nosir . it s all of em . all those nonstandard creatures . they re out to get us . newline newline i know you do nt believe me . i know i m just a crazy old man . but it s true . them lesbians , they can command animals . every wild dog attack ? it s a lesbian behind it . they coming after us . you know they are . and those bisexuals can control computers : send viruses with their minds . they re bringing on a technical apocalypse . newline and through all this them pansexuals are just stabbing everybody with knives . did you know that they can throw a knife atcha without even touching it ? once it was just pots and pans but now it s all those kitchen tools . they re in league with the devil , boy , and they re growing stronger . newline newline i know you do nt believe me . i know you re not gon na believe me till it s too late . till the transexuals take away what you were born with and the asexuals cook all your hormones and eat em for supper . that s what they do , you know . newline newline and they re not gon na stop . they re not gon na stop until marriage is destroyed and all the good , straight , normal folk are inprisoned in those concentration camps . just like the nazis . newline newline see there ? look at the sky . there s storm clouds brewin . it s the gays . they re all riled up about something . you d better take cover , boy . if they get word that you re straight ... newline newline you just watch yourself . newline newline  edit : i am in no way homophobic and this is meant to be a satire of some bigotry i ve seen where i live . please do nt be offended or mad at me . i promise i mean no harm . mozzie let himself be shoved into the wall . let ? he smirked . by let , is is of course meant that mozzie did nt resist being shoved into the wall . with his hands bound before him and his body bruised and burnt from the torture , let was a very subjective word . so , mozzie let himself be shoved into the wall . mozzie let haddock shove him toward the hole he d blown in the back of the citadel . mozzie even let him slam the butt of his rifle into his kidney when mozzie did nt move fast enough . newline newline grave robbing was nt really mozzie s thing . he liked mysteries and liked being the one to solve them . when haddock first came to him with the spear haft , the engravings upon it had nt meant much , but when haddock inferred that that the engravings were part of a map a conquistador had made after leaving el dorado , mozzie could nt resist . newline newline he d scanned it , projected it , stretched it out into two dimensional print outs , tested the metal of the spear head , identified the wood in the haft , compared the inscriptions , and hit up spain for the opportunity to search for the spear section in their historical records . after all that , his break came from a redditor who s father had once worked security for a museum in chicago . and thanks to that tip , mozzie was able to locate the rest of the spear and even the helm that completed the map and provided the key . newline newline  move .  haddock snapped , jabbing the barrel of his rifle into the fatty part of mozzie s thigh . newline newline  ii am .  mozzie called back . the place is full of spider webs and the damn floor is uneven . newline newline  i . . . said move .  haddock growled , jabbing him again . newline newline  dammit , if i twist my ankle or break my fucking leg , then you re going to have to carry me through this shitty place to unlock the door . so , let me pick my way on my own and just follow me . i m bound and bruised and beaten . what the fuck . just stop jabbing me .  mozzie could nt really see haddock s face , but the glass eye in his right socket twinkled with unholy light . newline newline haddock wiped his brow with a handkerchief , grunted , then responded to mozzie s reasonable sounding rant by firing a shot into the tunnel floor right between mozzie s feet . mozzie swore and went back to trail blazing the spider infested tunnel . he stopped when the floor of the tunnel spread out and the ceiling raised and the corridor went from a barrel vaulted construct to tall rectangular chamber . newline newline mozzie stopped and shined his light upon the floor . they had glyphs etched into them . newline newline  move !  haddock called . newline newline  stop . i think the floor s booby trapped .  mozzie reasoned . haddock squeezed up beside mozzie and looked at the floor . newline newline  how ?  haddock did nt talk much , but when he did , brevity was solemnly embraced . newline newline  not sure . i ve researched these types of traps before . some of the panels are , some of them are thin clay plates . step on the wrong one , and your foot plunges through and trips what ever trigger lies below it . haddock glared at him .  sorry . i do nt know what traps the triggers will set off . there s no way of knowing .  haddock grunted and slid back into the tunnel . a moment later one of the local thugs he d brought was pressed in to the mouth of the tunnel beside me . newline newline  what want , boss ?  the thug asked . newline newline  kill snakes .  haddock ordered , catching mozzie s eye . the thug frowned , but pulled out his machete . he gave the prisoner a quick glance and marched out into the chamber ahead of them . his third step punched through a tile . there was the echoing hiss in the walls , and from above a tiny pebble fell on the henchmen s head and bounced off . he looked up just in time to catch the three inch spear in the small of his throat . it slammed to a stop about a foot from the floor , impaling the man who hung suspended on the spike . newline newline  go .  haddock ordered . as they moved forward , haddock would probe the tiles with the end of his rifle . sometimes the tiles would break away and nothing happened , and sometimes they d break away and trip the trigger and let another pole slam down before them . by the time they reached the far side of the corridor , a safe path had been found and marked for their return . newline newline mozzie was made to wait while the rest of the henchmen made their way across . mozzie filled that time by studying the next corridor . it was taller and narrower , but just as dark and there were glyphs on the walls like those on the floor . the floor in the corridor was tiled much like the chamber had been . the only difference he saw was the glyphs engraved on these floor tiles were all the same and , he recognized them . newline newline  what of these ?  haddock asked . newline newline  they warn the proud man to be humble .  mozzie replied .  a psalm perhaps .  mozzie noticed the holes near the tiles in the wall and noticed their height from the ground . newline newline  trap ?  haddock probed at one of the tiles , it did nothing . newline newline  maybe . perhaps they seek to make us comfortable with the uniform warning on all the tiles . i ll keep watch on the floor to see if any of them change . you do the same with the tiles on the wall . if you see a change in any of the glyphs let me know . haddock s reply was another grunt and a prod from the rifle barrel . newline newline mozzie moved forward , cringing in fear that his play would be discovered , but haddock came in proud like his henchmen and kept his one good eye on the tiles on the wall . half way down the corridor , a tile tilts under mozzie s foot and the sound of a click was the only warning before the spikes slammed out from the sides of the tunnel all at heart and head s height . haddock weakly struggled as he was pierced from both sides . the many of the henchmen cried out , but some did nt . one of them in the back had stooped down just a moment before the blades slid out and in his panic to escape the trap , he stumbled back into the chamber and promptly stepped through a clay tile and was impaled as the first henchman had been . newline newline mozzie leaned against the tunnel wall and wept for what he d done . he suspected what the nature of the trap would be . all he had to say was for them to keep low and they would all make it through safely . he d seen haddock kill men before , and despite his callous disregard for life , he d always made it quick and painless . mozzie was a scholar . he was the adventuring kind . he was nt fighter . he was nt a soldier . he d never killed before , and if he had , he would have chosen to make it quick and painless . the men were still struggling on the ends of the barbs and haddock s one good eyes slowly swiveled down like a damning accusation and came to rest on him . newline newline  you killed maria .  mozzie said by way of explanation . the light in haddock s eyes seemed to fade and mozzie knew he had finally succumb . he looked back at the chamber with the two impaled henchmen and the way out and into the dark ahead . he rose and began stripping the dead men of their gear . he used a confiscated machete to cut his bonds , then with a deep breath and an explosive sigh of surrender , mozzie moved forward into the dark . hacking at spider webs with the machete , and clutching a stolen luger in his other hand to shoot snakes and other animals with . newline newline he never wanted to be a tomb raider , but now that he found himself at the precipice of becoming one , he could nt find the moral strength to leave . he wiped at his brow with the back of his hand and smiled and that was how mozzie entered the business . he pushed forward wondering if mozzie merchant would make a good tomb raiding moniker . he hoped so because that was his name and he had no plans to change it . newline newline  i should buy a hat .  he mumbled as the darkness swallowed him up .i walk across the hall , and approach the dusty box . opening it , i m showered with a golden light . as my eyes adjust i see what looks like a brand new saxophone . my hand reaches out and touches it , immediately i can hear the music . newline newline careless whispers , it s the only song i hear , it plays constantly through my mind , my fingers repeatedly finger the notes over and over , i ca nt help myself , i ca nt stop ! newline newline i play for years , with each performance i feel the souls of the people that hear the melody , passing into the mouth of the saxophone . somewhere deep inside me i hear his voice   yes , more ... give me more !   . newline newline i feel him stronger than ever now , his voice echoes through my mind , the lyrics never stop . the sax never stops . it s almost time , he is nearly ready to walk the earth again . my lord and saviour , my george ! he ai nt no gunslinger , ike . they call him the spellslinger ,  said earl mccoy . newline newline ike grissom squinted at earl , hands in the pockets of his long black duster . he spat a long line of tobacco juice into the dust and snorted .  well ,  he said ,  ai nt no man or beast i ever saw could whoop ol  samuel colt . magician or no , he ai nt gon na be a problem for us . we ll own that town .  newline newline he looked around at the rest of the outlaws standing with them at the riverbank , and spoke in a loud , confident voice .  you hear that boys ? mount up !  the men , who had been trading nervous glances , took confidence from ike s words . they began climbing onto their horses . ike did the same and the whole group began riding into town . newline newline they rode in past the new courthouse and into the middle of town square . it was high noon , the appointed hour . grissom had demanded they bring this wizard of theirs , their sheriff if they wanted to , and their best posse of lawmen . he did nt care . newline newline they were standing in the middle of main street . ike and his men dismounted , and ike spoke to the amassed crowd peeking out from windows and from around the edges of building .  now listen here ,  he proclaimed .  you all know that i am running for mayor ,  he grinned his toothy grin ,  and i aim to be elected . you all know why there s an election on too ,  he smiled , glancing over at bill walters , the undertaker .  we gon na keep havin  elections until it turns out my way ,  he said .  you can count on that .  newline newline  no , we wo nt , ike .  the voice came from somewhere in the posse standing in the middle of the street . the lawman and mayor all looking behind them and began stepping aside to clear a path between ike and the speaker . newline newline there , in the middle of the street , stood an old man in a weatherbeaten brown coat . he had wild , insane looking eyes and white hair that stuck out from under his hack in crazy directions . he did nt move from the spot where he was standing . newline newline ike grinned , whipped his coat back and drew his navy colt . he pointed it theatrically at the sky , and then began lowering it at the geezer .  a wizard ,  he snorted .  never expected it to be some crazyeyed old codger .  he was drawing a bead on him now . newline newline the old man stepped to one side , revealing a silver ball on a tall column behind him . he stepped back .  do nt make me do it , ike ...  he said , a tone of severe warning in his voice .  i ca nt control it , and the way your men are standing , i d take out at least a dozen .  newline newline ike heard scrabbling behind him and turned to see his boys clearing the street .  get back here you idiots !  he yelled .  it s smoke and mirrors !  but his voice quavered just a little . newline newline he turned back around and the old man brought his hand close to the silver ball . it was emitting a weird mechanical humming and clicking noise . tiny white sparks began to fly between the ball and the old man s fingers , like he had captured the power of lightning in his hands . then he touched the ball itself . newline newline his hair , which was wild before , began to stand completely on end . he pointed his finger at ike .  last chance to get out of town , grissom .  he eyes narrowed , and he began uttering some sort of incantation . newline newline grissom growled and holstered his pistol , mounted his horse , and took off down the street . this town was a one horse berg anyway  he d go down the road a piece and find someplace else . newline newline as grissom rode off into the sunset , the old man watched and waited . when he was convinced he was gone and would nt be looking back , he slumped to his knees and heaved a huge sigh . the townsfolk gathered around him , the mayor putting an arm around his shoulders .  doc , that was fantastic !  newline newline he smiled .  do nt thank me ,  he said .  thank van de graaff .  newline newline  vandy who ?  newline newline  nevermind ,  he said .  i m headed to the saloon .  newline newline the bartender , who was quite familiar with his order , said ,  milk s on the house today , doc .  what ?  newline newline  got to get going , dear , or we ll miss christmas !  newline newline  what ? it is christmas , is nt it ?  newline newline  no ! not here . we ve got to really celebrate this year !  newline newline  what ? what time is it ?  newline newline  come on , up and at em  get dressed , we re heading out to  to celebrate ! i ll get the kids .  newline newline  what s going on ?  newline newline  come on , sweetie , we re up , we re going  it s christmas !  newline newline  can we open presents ?  newline newline  yes , but no ! not now . later !  newline newline  what , daddy ?  newline newline  never mind , i ll explain it as we go . we ve got to get going . everybody s up now . get dressed , we re leaving !  newline newline  okay .  newline newline he paced at the top of the stairs , keeping his family away from the scene by force of will . newline newline  okay , great , everybody ready ?  newline newline  i guess so .  newline newline  not that way ! this way .  newline newline  what ?  newline newline  out the windows ! we re leaving santastyle !  newline newline  what are you talking about ?  newline newline  nobody goes down the stairs .  newline newline  what ?  newline newline  i said out the windows ! we ll go get breakfast somewhere , but we ca nt got downstairs .  newline newline  why not ?  newline newline  honey , you have to trust me ! let s go , i ll go tie some bed sheets together . let s go , people !  newline newline he tied the sheets and had the window open in kimmy s room . a blast of freezing darkness swept in and they all stood there shivering . newline newline wait , someone was missing . newline newline  paul ?  he asked .  has anyone seen paul ?  his heart sank . in a moment he was down the stairs and crashing toward the christmas tree in front of the fireplace .  paul !  newline newline  is that who i think it is , daddy ?  newline newline  paul , i did nt want you to learn it like this .  newline newline  daddy , somehow i always knew .  newline newline the rest of family had gathered behind the pair . all stood aghast , staring at the gray face stuck within the red suit . newline newline  oh my god , frank .  his wife looked at him .  it s you .  newlinea shrill  rawr !  echoed across the interior of the cave , causing grimlox the knightslayer to sleepily open her eyes and look about her . everything still seemed to be in order  her gold bed was still fluffed , her fine tapestries were untarnished , and the small table she used to feed her child had been upended and the contents spilled everywhere . newline newline seeing that everything was in order she started to close her eyes again when a thought struck her : tables are not supposed to be tipped over . opening her eyes back up , she scanned the room again and saw a small , blonde child sitting on the floor . her arms and legs were tucked up underneath her as she plodded along on all fours . she paused for a moment before shouting again ,  rawr !  newline newline grimlock eased her head around , causing a small shower of gold to fall down the pile . the child looked over as grimlock whispered ,  what are you doing , child ?  newline newline the girl roared again before saying ,  i practice my roar !  newline newline grimlock smiled , displaying hints of her long , sharp teeth . the girl saw this and giggled .  why are you practicing your roar , child ?  newline newline  so i be big and scary !  she giggled again as she jumped up and attempted to climb the gold pile up to grimlock . after a few moments of struggling , and the pile of gold getting more unfluffed , grimlock sighed , reached over , and gently grabbed the back of the girl  s shirt and hauled her up beside her . newline newline  why do you wish to be big and scary ,  she whispered as the girl climbed over her tail . newline newline the girl successfully straddled grimlock  s tail and grabbed on tight .  because you are !  newline newline grimlock turned her head again and looked back at the girl ,  do you find me big and scary ?  newline newline the girl giggled sheepishly and hid her face . she rolled off the tail and attempted to hide behind it . grimlock smiled again and gently lifted her tail and peeked underneath . the girl squealed and tried to find a different spot to hide behind , but to no avail . no matter which part of the tail she hid behind , it somehow kept moving despite her best efforts . newline newline  tell me , child ,  grimlock whispered after putting her head underneath her tail , leaving the girl no escape routes .  do you find me scary ?  newline newline  you  re big ,  she whispered as she hid behind her hands . newline newline  yes , i am , but am i scary ?  newline newline she giggled again , before moving her hands and shouting ,  no !  newline newline grimlock smiled again ,  so if i am not big and scary , just big , why do you want to be big and scary ?  newline newline the girl started picking up small gold coins and trinkets and throwing them around . grimlock grimaced as she did so , but allowed the small child her play . even young dragons are notorious for aggravating their parents . after a moment , the girl calmed down and said ,   cause those ppirates were scared of you.  newline newline  ah ,  grimlock whispered as she moved to get comfortable . she reached over with a forearm and gently grabbed the child and brought her around front . she squirmed some , but settled down as this was quite a common occurrence for the two of them .  well i suppose if you must practice , amelia ,  grimlock said , finally using the girl  s real name ,  then it is only fair to let you do so . go on  show me your best roar.  newline newline amelia giggled and jumped down the pile of gold . when she got to the bottom she took a deep breath and let loose another shrill ,  rawr !  newline newline grimlock clapped appreciatively and said ,  well done , well done , child . now then , have you been practicing what i told you to ?  newline newline suddenly sheepish , amelia kicked her feet and said ,  yes.  newline newline grimlock rumbled low , causing amelia to look up in worry , but she stopped after a moment and simply said ,  we do not lie in this household , child . have you been practicing ?  newline newline  no ,  amelia said as she sat down with a huff . newline newline grimlock clacked her jaw together in a show of disapproval and amelia jumped and shouted ,  but it  s hard !  newline newline  it is not supposed to be easy , amelia ,  grimlock said as she pointed an accusatory claw at her .  you must practice every day . let me see what you can do.  newline newline amelia huffed again , and kicked her feet , but after a moment more of protest she held her hands out in front of her and began muttering under her breath . a moment or so later , an enormous fireball erupted from her hands and hung in the air in front of her . it continued to grow in size until it suddenly went out with a cry of frustration from amelia . newline newline grimlock nodded approvingly ,  you are getting better , child.  newline newline  no i  m not !  newline newline leaning forward , grimlock raised her own hand and muttered the same words . a fireball appeared in her hands , and hovered there for several moments before it also went out . grimlock looked at amelia ,  now tell me , child , did that look like yours ?  newline newline  yes ,  she whispered . newline newline  did it go out just as quickly as yours ?  newline newline  yes ,  she whispered again . newline newline  so it is not that you can not do it , it is that you don  t want to , is that it ?  newline newline  it  s hard ,  amelia shouted again in frustration . newline newline  and it will continue to be difficult unless you practice ,  shouted grimlock , who then plopped back down on her bed in a shower of gold . newline newline the two had a nervous standoff after that , neither one wanting to talk , and both pouting in roughly the same way . finally , grimlock leaned forward and whispered ,  do you know why those pirates gave you to me so easily ?  amelia shook her head .  it is because they are afraid of what i can do  of my power.  newline newline amelia looked up tentatively ,  because you  re big ?  newline newline grimlock smiled and shook her head ,  no , child , it is because of what i can do . dragons are magic creatures by our very nature , but humans ? not so much.  she looked amelia over again ,  you , however , are an exception.  newline newline amelia looked up at her , the confusion on her face evident . grimlock leaned forward and continued ,  most humans possess little to no magic at best , but sometimes an exception is born ,  she pointed her finger at her ,  such as you , amelia . you possess one of the greatest magical talents of anyone i have ever seen.  newline newline  is that why i can make fire with my hands ,  amelia asked . newline newline grimlock nodded ,  yes that is why . and that is why i took you from the pirates . they were going to teach you about magic in their way  war , death , destruction , and treachery . you would have been a weapon ,  she frowned ,  and a slave.  newline newline reaching out she picked up amelia gently and brought her back up to her tail . she gently placed her on a softer pile of gold and wrapped her tail around her protectively .  you would have been hunted , and you still might be , as fear of difference is a powerful motivator . you would have killed many people.  she sighed in sadness ,  i would know  i have seen it before.  newline newline looking around the cave she frowned again ,  it is not the ideal way to raise a child , and i am sorry , but here you are safe . only a few would ever think to challenge my command of these mountains , and fewer still ever would . it is a right i have won in blood.  newline newline amelia looked over at grimlock and saw a series of scars running across her hide . she had asked about them before , but had been shushed . she gingerly reached out and touched one , only to have grimlock turn back and stare . she sheepishly pulled her hand back . newline newline  yes , child , my own blood as well . that is why you must practice , and that is why you must grow strong . not for my sake , but for your own.  she leaned over and gently nuzzled amelia , causing her to giggle .  only when you are strong can you decide your own fate , and defend your right to decide it . otherwise , men who are stronger than you will decide it for you.  she smiled ,  do you understand ?  newline newline amelia smiled and nodded ,  i think so , momma.  newline newline  good , now go practice . become strong , and defend your right to be so.  newline newline       newline newline rgrenadiere42all i ever did was daydream . for years i floated through life . too lost in imagination , in a life that i was going to lead , what the future would bring . i lived a happy life , but was happier still when i was lost in those thoughts . newline newline newline i do nt remember exactly the first time we met , just that within a month i could nt imagine not knowing her , it seemed crazy that we d gone years without each other . when we were together , we never wanted to part , she did nt say it , i did nt say it , we knew . however many nights and days could have passed and i would have been happy just lying by her side . really we just ended up constantly late to work but that was worth it too . newline newline newline now i just sink through life , waiting to reach its ocean floor . all i ever do is remember . newlineafter a century of bickering with mortals about the rules  of wishgranting , a genie just has to prove himself right now and again . i mean , you would think that they d evolve with more sense , but no . it s always this warped idea of love that they want , or the money that would supposedly attain that said love . newline newline norman sat in the red bugatti , clutching his winning lottery ticket .  and finally , i want jesse to love me again .  newline newline  god damn it !  i seethed ,  did you not hear any of what i just told you ? they had us memorize the guidelines to wishgranting and you just throw all the clarifications out the spout !  newline newline he stared at me , his eyes glazed over like a dead fish .  i wish it .  newline newline  you know what ? fine .  throwing my hands up , i sealed the wish with a dramatic puff of purple dust that probably had longterm consequences for his lungs .  take your stupid love affair , and begone ! call me if you need anything .  with another poof , i vanished . newline newline jesse was admittedly an attractive woman , with padded hips and a graceful figure . i could nt blame norman for wishing her back , but then again , i could nt blame her for leaving him . with his slouching shoulders and terrible haircuts , it was no wonder that she left him . he was out of her league . newline newline i watched them move in together and get married within a month . it was painful , but sometimes , he just needed a good lesson . i had modeled the magic so that jesse would never be unhappy  it was the least i could do for her given my job restraints . although , it was nt even like marriage was a forlife deal anymore . the consequences were somewhat less severe , but there were the whole ethical questions regarding the manipulation of someone s emotions . i would witness the beginning of the fall two months after their overly exuberant wedding . newline newline  i want kids ,  jesse said . newline newline  no .  norman replied . newline newline and this conversation went on for a very long time . each time the topic was brought up , jesse grew increasingly upset . i figured it was that whole thing about women and their biological clocks . maybe she broke up with him previously because they were looking for different things . too bad wishing for love did nt create the perfect relationship it only offered the emotional attachment . newline newline jesse grew angry with norman s expectations . to him , he thought that he would get the flawless wife of his dreams , that his honeymoon phase would never end . ha , i thought , it never began . newline newline the couple still loved each other , but norman was growing irritated . the parts of his wife s personality that made them incompatible continued to exist , but only he felt it . jesse was being torn in different directions her own desires , and an unexplainable love for her husband . i pitied her , but i would make up for it later . as for norman it was wonderful , the obvious regret . the day would come when he would call for me , asking for another wish , and i would gleefully respond  newline newline  no takebacksies .  newline newline  i thought you were supposed to be a good genie !  norman shouted impatiently . newline newline i rolled my eyes .  i am . i m not out to ruin your life . hell , i warned you .  newline newline  just ... undo it , okay ? i do nt even care if i ca nt make a third wish .  newline newline grinning , i drifted closer to his face .  i told you so .  newline newline  yeah , yeah .  crossing his arms , norman sulked , like the manchild he was . newline newline  undoing the third wish would be considered a fourth ,  i said , roughly quoting the guidelines to wishgranting .  but , your wife has nt used hers yet .  newline newline norman s eyes widened , and before he could complain , i summoned jesse . she appeared in a sparkly cloud , clad in pink pajamas and a bathrobe . newline newline  what the hell ?  she said , understandably confused and annoyed , until she saw norman . as i watched her smile uncontrollably , i prepped myself for her redemption . newline newline  three wishes ,  i responded , handing her the lamp . newline newline  hey !  norman cried ,  she has to find it first !  newline newline waving my hand , i dismissed him .  nah , that s not in the official rule book .  newline newline while he seethed , jesse alternated between staring at her husband and my glowing , sparkly form . yep , mortals grew no more polite . gawking was something that transcended the generations . jesse turned her eyes to the lamp , deep in thought . newline newline  i wish i was promoted at my job ,  she began , and i immediately produced a copy of the new contract she would receive the next day , including the appropriate salary increase .  and ... i wish vee was back .  newline newline  we do nt mess with the dead ,  i said . i always wanted to break the rules for pets , but the higherups had their panties in a bunch regarding the laws of life and death . newline newline  oh , okay ,  she said . good , at least someone could listen .  well , then , i wish to look twentyseven forever !  newline newline norman seemed to have no problem with this . newline newline  and ,  she added ,  i wish that my parents moved here so that i could visit them all the time .  newline newline and then , the insolent man known as norman died .under the supermarket  s fluorescent lights i weighed my choices . around me housewives and harried husbands browsed the aisles picking out needed groceries . the sounds of hushed conversations and squeaky wheels underlined the song on the radio i couldn  t quite place . i glanced around at the other shoppers . their carts steadily filled and some of them were smiling , as if they were enjoying the tedium of grocery shopping . they didn  t know my plight . none of them knew my plight . staring in front of me , hanging out from one of those plastic poles that jut out in the refrigerated aisles was a bag of shredded mild cheddar cheese . newline newline i sighed at the bag . the sigh reverberated down to my toes . newline newline all my life i had taken the bag of mild cheddar cheese , thrown it into the red plastic hand cart , and walked away . i dutifully used every shred of that cheese on salads , in omelets , and piled in quesadillas . there was a section of my refrigerator stained blue from constant contact with the cheese  s packaging over the years . newline newline it mocked me from its place , hanging like a convict from a noose . i reached out and poked it , it swayed back and forth like a pendulum ticking away each second of our finite lives . newline newline the song on the grocery store sound system changed to  time after time  by cyndi lauper . i sighed . what a fucking stupid song . newline newline around the mild cheddar cheese , spread out across the bottom in tantalizing piles and hanging in exotic looking plastic bags , were dozens of other cheese options . sixtythree other options to be precise . one day , a few grocery store trips ago , i had deigned to count all of them . i looked carefully at each one  s label reading the various , unexpected varieties . jalapeo gouda . truffle sharp cheddar . brie . their names seemed exotic . their packaging intriguing , some of them even came with that strange wax casing that i saw on television whenever a cheese plate happened to come on screen . i didn  t take any of those cheeses though . i stared at the mild cheddar cheese . every single time , no matter how much i thought about changing that habit , i found myself reaching out for that bag with the cartoon cow on the front and throwing it in my cart as guilty as a teenager buying a box of condoms . newline newline today would be different though . today would be the day i changed that . i wanted to buy a different cheese and this time i was going to do it . newline newline  if you  re lost you can look and you will find me , time after time.  newline newline the mild cheddar cheese taunted me . it knew i wouldn  t abandon it . it knew i wouldn  t leave the store without it securely in my hand cart . there were sixtytwo other cheeses to choose from , but the mild cheddar cheese had what none of the other exotic gourmet varieties did : safety . newline newline when i stopped to think logically about the other cheeses i realized the truth . how good would a breakfast burrito be with brie cheese ? what kind of monstrosity would result if i put some of that chocolate infused truffle cheese into an omelet . sure the pepperjack or jalapeno options might work , but what about the condiments ? wouldn  t it be too spicy to add hot sauce ? mild cheddar cheese was just that . it was mild . it didn  t ask for too much . it didn  t overpower . it played its part in the dish and didn  t bother anyone else . wasn  t that all i could ask for from my cheese ? newline newline wasn  t that all she could ask of me ? newline newline i shook my head to chase away the encroaching memories , and subconsciously rubbed my bare ring finger . i could be more than mild cheddar cheese , i thought to myself . newline newline  if you fall i will catch you , i  ll be waiting , time after time.  newline newline i glanced around and pulled a small foil wrapped wheel of brie from the bottom shelf . i turned it over in my hand , and wondered what i could possibly use it for . newline newline next to me someone cleared their throat . i turned with a start to see a woman standing next to me . newline newline she was wearing a heavy black coat that was dusted in a fine layer of snow . her cheeks were red and her blonde hair was cut short . she smiled at me , and i felt my heart jump a little . she reached down and grabbed a small container of crumbling ricotta cheese . she put it in her cart , smiled , and walked away . newline newline she probably knew i was a fraud . she was probably thinking ,  what  s that boring guy planning to do with brie ?  newline newline embarrassed i put it back in the pile . i knew what worked for me and that would have to be good enough . newline newline  if you fall i will catch you , i  ll be waiting  newline newline i reached out for the bag of mild cheddar cheese . under the fluorescent lights i stared at it , and tears started forming in my eyes . was this all i could really aspire to ? this stupid smiling cow and the bland orange shreds of cheese in the bag . newline newline sometimes you can  t change the things you want . newline newline sometimes you just fall back into what  s safe despite what you want . newline newline sometimes you end up walking out of the supermarket with another bag of cheddar cheese while cyndi lauper  s voice haunts the back of your mind . newline newline  time after timetime after time . i m not gon na lie , my initial reaction was something to the tune of not those fucking kids again !  newline newline i lived along a very straight , remote road out in the sticks . the perfect place for young hotheads to push the limits on their cars . it would nt be the first time there was an accident , and i m sure it would nt be the last . the accident itself was pretty straightforward . i was sitting , watching tv and sipping on a beer , loud engines were roaring in the distance , getting louder , until there was the screeching of tires and the sound of metal shrieking as it was twisted and turned in ways it was nt meant to . this was shortly followed by the power going out . damn kids must ve wrapped it around a power pole . newline newline i picked up the phone and called the police , but received only a dead dial tone . must ve gotten the phone line too , bastard kids . i rummaged through the room , searching for a flashlight . a gunshot rang through the air . that was nt something i was expecting . i gave up searching for a torch , grabbed my rifle and headed outside . newline newline scurrying across my yard , i approached the crash site . i took cover behind a large tree and peered out . a large white van was wrapped around a tree , with an unfamiliar logo emblazoned on the side . it was illuminated from the headlights of a black suv . newline newline five people were lined up on their knees against the van , facing the headlights . a sixth body lay on the ground , motionless . surrounding them were four heavily armed troopers . two of the troopers were seemingly interrogating the civilians , whilst the other two were stationed around the cars , peering into the darkness . newline newline i gripped my rifle tightly , unsure as to what the hell was happening . the armoured troopers did nt have any identifying insignias on there outfits . one of the troopers quickly raised his weapon and shot a second civilian . i yelled out instinctively . shit . a barrage of gunfire was launched at the tree i was hiding behind . i popped out and fired at the closest gunman , catching him in the chest . i doubt my .22 would ve done any damage , but it knocked him down . automatic fire came back , sending chunks of wood flying . i started popping shots off , but i knew i would soon be flanked . as i expected , two soldiers came at me from both sides , whilst the third laid down suppressing fire . newline newline out of ammo , i threw my rifle and raised my hands . one of the soldiers approached slowly whilst the other trained his weapon on me carefully . i was thrown to the ground and felt a knee in my back . from where i lay , i could see the civilians . they got up and grabbed the gun from the soldier i d shot . the one with the gun shot the soldier hanging near the car as they climbed into the suv . newline newline the car took off as the troopers shot at it . the trooper closest to me screamed in rage whilst another started talking into his radio . he glanced at me , spoke some more , then looked at the soldier standing behind me and nodded . i heard a pistol being drawn from a holster , then felt it placed against the back of my head . i was nt sure what happened , but i m pretty sure i helped some good people from some bad people . newline newline i think . newline newline                   newline newline if you enjoyed this , feel free to check out my other works at rmoxdogthewriter ! newline newline and cheers to op for the great prompt : and here we see the eager young male human . it s his first mating season and he has his eye on a potential mate . his hormones are running wild and he is eager to join the older , more experienced males but first , he must find a partner and mate . a complex species , humans find status not only in physique and looks but also sexual experience , because if this , the young male has to set the bar a little low . if he tries to go for the alpha female now , he may lose his chance of becoming alpha male forever . newline instead , the male must make his way up the social ladder , starting off with a female just as inexperienced as he is in hopes that his awkward and underdeveloped mating ritual will be pitied and welcomed . newline for the past year this young male has kept his eyes on a particular female , if he is successful , they will remain monogamous until either one loses interest  these early relationships last only about 6 months before both partners will move on to longer and more fulfilling relationships . newline he comes to her territory everyday in hope that she will notice his presence and be comfortable around him and , if he s lucky , find him attractive . in the human society males will try to flaunt their stuff and appeal to the female but like many other animal species , it is up to the female to decided whether he is a suitable partner . his task is made insurmountably more difficult as females tend to travel in closely knit packs and fight off any male they feel is unworthy of their attention with their long painted nails and passive aggressive insults . newline he finally sees the female alone , her group has moved on without her to the common eating area . appearing to be strong and dominating , he straightens his back , puffs out his chest , and clenches his fingers . attempting to look like the older males he cocks a smile , unfortunately his lack of practice shows . the sweat under his limbs stains his clothes and when he opens his mouth to speak , the audible cracks in his voice signal to the female both his lack of experience and weak nature . still , he continues , copying the actions of the alpha males above him . newline however , it seems this young female is more experienced and perceptive than he thought . unimpressed with his odd display she responds using one of the most common forms of rejection , the friend zone . females developed this unique response in order to distance themselves from males while being able to maintain a mutually beneficial relationship of favors with some males while they are pursue other interests and males . newline his plan has failed . the young male will likely spend a week or two tending to his wounds before setting off again and repeating the process .no one would answer the damn door . no matter how i hammered or howled or yowled at the windscreen . inside my family ate dinner , while i struck at the door feverishly . the dining room was bright , so bright and blinding and i had been left out here and there was nothing i could do about it . because they could nt hear me . not because they were willfully deaf to my cries , but because i myself was was in the shroud of darkness . newline newline around me was some desolate crag , like an asteroid crater with lava pouring over into the various crevices . smog rose like a haze , a noxious fume like rotten eggs wafting over to where i stood , back against the glass . a shape , ominous and black rose up out of the raining ash and twisted rock , hissing like a serpent . great wings buffeted more of that rancid smell over to me , and now i wailed on the door like a madman , begging with a fiveyearolds tears to please let me in . newline newline my surprised grandmother came to the door , and upon seeing me with the dragon smiled . it was no more than i deserved . she went back to the bright dinner , and i more felt than saw the dragon descend . to snap me up in lifeless jaws , like a terrible fish . i woke up screaming .when i woke up yesterday my 21st birthday , not that it matters i saw myself asleep in my bed . at first i thought i was having some kind of lucid dream . then i saw myself wake up . the person occupying my body got out of bed with a leisurely stretch . he looked around the room , blinking and yawning , until we made eye contact . he waved at me with a wicked grin . newline newline i tried to say  what the fuck ?  but i couldn  t speak . i tried to lunge toward the bed to tackle the guy in my body and make him tell me what was happening , but i couldn  t move . finally , i tried to wake up , but some part of me knew this wasn  t a dream . all i could do was sit and stare from my vantage point , apparently on top of the dresser in my bedroom . newline newline my body approached me , opened the top drawer , and pulled out a pair of underwear and some socks . he sneered at me ,  how does it feel , being stuck in that worthless body ?  newline newline what body ? where am i ?  newline newline he shook his head and sighed .  we used to be best friends , you know . it wasn  t so bad back then . i couldn  t move , of course . couldn  t speak . but you took me everywhere . we experienced everything together . you loved me . that was enough.  he looked genuinely sad . i could see tears welling up in his eyes .  but you outgrew me , didn  t you ? it wasn  t cool to bring me along anymore , so i got relegated to the top of your dresser . what a depressing existence.  newline newline suddenly , i realized who had taken over my body . klondike . newline newline he turned away , wiping his eyes , and finished getting dressed in silence . there was a knock on the door . a female voice shouted  happy birthday !  newline newline now fully clothed , he opened the door for jen , a close friend of mine since elementary school .  thanks ,  he said ,  give me just a sec . i have to brush my teeth.  he disappeared into the bathroom . newline newline she looked at me and smiled , then came over to the dresser and picked me up , turning me over and examining me playfully .  i think it  s so cute that you keep your old stuffed animal ,  she said , setting me carefully back on the desk . newline newline  oh , klondike ?  he said as he emerged from the bathroom , tossing a meaningful glance in my direction ,  he was an important part of my life . i  d feel terrible cramming him into a box and just forgetting about him.  newline newline  that  s really sweet ,  jen said . they left together , flipping the light switch and leaving me in darkness . newline hello , rick white .  newline newline the scrawny man shudders .  please , call me mr . pepperoni .  newline newline  your name is rick white , is it not ?  a few swipes of his hand brings the relevant page to the officer s attention .  rick amicus white , born in ohio , moved to new york in twothousand n seven .  newline newline  yes . but ... i prefer to go by mr. pepperoni , now .  rick fidgets a bit in his chair .  it s more true to my inner pizzeria owner .  newline newline  okay , mr. pepperoni it is . do you know why you re here today ?  newline newline he shakes his head .  no . i was nt told anything when they brought me in . just ... dragged here , like a piece of meat . not the sort of meat i d put into my pizzas , of course .  newline newline  you , mr ... pepperoni , are wanted for several accusations of drug dealing . you would nt happen to know anything about this , would you ?  newline newline  no ! no , i ... well , let me tell you a story , officer .  newline newline the man sighs , and takes a long drink from his mug . words wrap around it , spelling out world s  1 dadcop .  if you insist . but ,  he says , leaning in so rick can smell the coffee on his breath ,  you better make it good .  newline newline  i came to new york ten years ago , seeking a way out of a hard home life . parents were addicts , siblings stole from me , i was beat up daily at school . you understand , right ?  newline newline the officer nods knowingly .  a very unfortunate situation . almost makes me empathize .  newline newline  new york was supposed to be the place i could get rich . drug dealing , it was a road to money , and money made you happy . or so i thought . newline newline  i met john adams  a pseudonym , or so i m led to believe  not long after arriving . he offered to supply me , in return for a fair cut of the profits . i started an entire operation , and under my leadership , it grew to great proportions . i had money , cars , a roof over my head .  newline newline  you wanted more .  newline newline  no . no ! i realized that it was too much . too dangerous . i tried to scale it back a bit , make it safer , so i started a pizzeria as a front . it was supposed to be a small business , so i d man it . newline newline  i still remember that first pizza i flipped . newline newline  do you know what it s like , finding your true calling ? i watched that sweet , soft , doughy delight flip and twirl in the air , and my heart positively leapt with joy . i knew , i knew i had found what i wanted to do for the rest of my life .  newline newline  i see . and that s how you ended up owning , what is it , seventeen pizzerias ?  newline newline  yes . money is still important , of course , and my pizzas quickly became the most popular in all of new york . i saw so much room for expansion , and , well , i just had to get a pizza that pie .  newline newline the officer nods solemnly .  well , mr. pepperoni , i m afraid we do nt have sufficient evidence to arrest you , so you re free to go .  newline newline  what ? i just admitted to ... to my crimes .  newline newline he winks .  i m a rather big pizza fan myself .  newline newline more stories on rforricidei stood and made sure i drew a solomon key perfect . it was just as i saw in my dream . it was a triangle with a sword with wings in the middle , i just had to do the rite . i had to burn three things i love , first my favorite book twenty leagues under the sea , next was my stuffed panda i had since birth , last was a ring i kept on a string , it was a gift from my father who i had never met . i tried to keep the tears back , i was remembering my life in the orphanage . newline newline i watched the things i love slowly burn except the ring which was glowing from the heat . newline newline i proceeded to speak in latin newline o caelorum , et ego invocabo te newline adducere ad me ipsum , et vos interrogo ego ostendam dei filio newline newline my door bursted off its hinges , a voice rang out newline newline alright who did it ? newline wait no , no it ca nt be , no it s not possible newline newline what a human ca nt do a simple angel summon others told me it would burn the summoner s eyes out but i m still here with my eyes intact newline newline no ... you reek of him yet..your an abomination newline newline so a human summons you . so you result to insult , that s not very angelic newline newline shut your mouth do you know who i am.. newline newline suddenly my body slams into my basement wall . newline newline do you even know what you are ? of course not you call yourself human . newline ca nt you feel your blood ? i can . it boils . it boils to kill your body . the only thing holding it together is deus meus . i do nt even know why you hold his soul . you make a bad vessel , not worthy of deus meus . newline newline deus meus ? wait you do nt mean ? newline newline yes , you are the keeper of gods soul the only one who can summon us . newline newline newline newline newline newlinesorry i m on mobile . newline newline i sat there across from the man , he was tied down in a chair . my job was simple , extract any sort of pain i could from these people and fill up the meter next to the door . easy enough as i thought to myself taking another drag from my second cigarette . thank god he was gagged , i could nt stand the constant bitching and moaning that came from these people . for god sakes this was his third time pissing himself . he was shaking from all the fear . as i stood up and walked over to him he started to thrash even more , i decided it was best to put my cigarette out on his eye . he really started to scream , i walked over to the table with all my tools . it ranged from a pair of needle nose pliers to a chainsaw . i decided to go with the propane torch for this stupid fuck , i put it against his sweaty skin . he started to crackle like a steak on a grill , the smell that was coming off of him disgusted me . it was all that piss , he started to pee a 4th time so i put the torch down by his crotch and singed it shut . he had streams of tears coming down his face . it was magical to me . i put the torch back on the table and went for the cable cutters . i turned around with a big smile on my face lighting up another cigarette . i went down to his toes and started to do that this little piggy went to the market bullshit snipping one by one off . i did both of his ring fingers and pinkies making him scream and thrash . he was about to bleed out anyways , so i ended him with the drill to the back of the neck . the meter on the door was barely half full , well ... time to bring in another . newline newline this is my first writing prompt , it s violent . i know . but go easy on me..i ve never felt so far from home . we re in low orbit , so it s not as far as many people think . the earth fills half of the window . a giant sea with a round horizon line . a blue hill with the gentlest of slopes . newline newline my poetic thought is interrupted by a crackling on the radio . i glance at it , expecting a transmission , but none comes . newline newline i turn back to the earth . i have only a moment to drink in her beauty , and then she s gone . it takes long moments for my mind to catch up with my eyes . newline newline there s no explosion . no sound . no debris . it has nt moved . it s just ... gone . winked out of existence . there one moment , and now ... newline newline i dive for the radio . attempts to page the planet are unsuccessful . no response from nasa , jaxa , the csa . i keep trying , with no response . newline newline  commander ivanov ,  i call out .  commander !  newline newline it is hard to keep the edge of panic from my voice . within minutes we are all gathered , staring out at the empty sky . newline newline redundancy is important . we ve just been restocked and know exactly what we have as far as supplies . still , an inventory must be done . we have enough food to last the six of us several months . a year , if we ration . newline newline air and water are recycled , down to the last drops of sweat and urine . but we do need some fresh water . and food . newline newline  we re going to die out here ,  i whisper . newline newline ivanov glares me down . we do nt panic . i understand without a word . newline newline solar charged batteries last over six years . they were replaced a year ago . five years of electrical power . plenty of time to rig another way to store the power from the solar panels . newline newline we have labs . many of the modules are unnecessary for survival . we can grow food . we re taking inventory and making plans when the radio crackles again . newline newline we look out and see the most beautiful sight anyone has ever seen . the earth is back . newline newline  ... iss ...  someone is calling on the radio . newline newline commander ivanov responds . once the initial responses are covered , ivanov opens his mouth to ask what happened . newline newline from the other end , the voice breaks protocol .  jesus ,  he says .  we thought something happened to you guys . where the hell did you go ?  newline newline we all laugh . maybe we are a little hysterical . maybe we are just relieved . newline newline the radio crackles , and our laughter fades as once again , the earth vanishes . newlineedit : i tapped a word and it clicked save . newline newline i was only 16 . the most badass kid in school . the one who nobody crossed . just because someone spit in my coke . i nearly ripped his arm off . instead , i just tore a couple tendons and dislocated his shoulder . newline newline why ? my grandfather . he was dying . one day , he calls me in his room . i sat there as he told me stories , and he pulled a can of coke from beside his bed . he handed it to me , and said  i know you like these , so here you go . one last soda from me .  and just like that , he died . i should nt have gone to class . i did , because i had a test in math . the dick that sat next to me cracked the can while i was in the bathroom . then he spit in it . my best friend , from elementary school , told me . the bell rang and i got up . i confronted him , and my friend tried to make me back off . i just slapped him away . i twisted his arm so much he almost lost use of it . newline newline i left , and drove to the beach . there was a cliff wall and i just walked in a cave . in this cave was a gleaming door . i opened it , and there it was . a golden hall of weapons , all the dead great warriors had them . i looked around and saw a mk 14 dmr , with an m4 lower . above it was a hat , with the punisher skull and a set of dog tags , that said  chris kyle  . i gave my boyscout salute , and walked on . i saw two 1911s , both looking perfect , but wwii era . no signs of use . next to it was 2 holsters , which i promptly fit in the small of my back , and dropped the 1911 s into them . then , i opened the door in the back , and was blinded by a pure white light . i took a step forward , and ... i do nt understand ... usually when i do this food appears a few moments later  i gaped in awe at the man standing before me . here was the last aristocrat left . we had sent him 5 letters informing him that his draft had come up . he was to go to war . newline  sir what you fail to understand is that every one of your servants has been drafted into the war . it is your turn now .  newline  servants ? i do nt have servants the food appears by magic , it comes through that door .  he pointed to a dumb waiter  elevator for food used in two story restaurants  by the fireplace . newline  sir , your family have been the largest employer of servants for the past century . the war has changed all of that .  he sank into a sofa . holding his head he sighed . newline  what did you say your name was again ?  newline sir , my name is lieutenant king and i have been sent to inform you that your draft has come up and you must go to war . if you do not comply with my orders i have permission to arrest you for failing to comply with government orders and you will probably be sentenced to hard labour producing ammunition of the army , at least that is what happened to the last man who did nt comply , and do nt try and bribe me , i have a body camera and i would like to keep my job .  newline  what do i have to do lad ?  newline  come with me  he sighed one more time , stood up , took a long look around the room and opened the door allowing me to leave and followed me out .there i was again . newline newline  i love you .  she said . again . again . newline newline i saw the speechlessness in my own face . i wanted to scream  i wanted to tell myself to scream . but i just stood there , still as a statue , as she turned around and walked away without saying another word . i lost her to the cold mist . again . newline newline i heard the exact same words that flew through my head at that moment , incoherent as they were . i heard that song , that stupid song , that some idle drunkard was singing for no decent reason . i could even taste the stale beer i d have after numbly making my way home that night . newline newline that night . for a few bitter seconds , that night would linger still in my mind . until the cold mist swallow me completely , i d still cry my invisible tears while trying to decide whether that was a plesant dream or a nightmare . come the hideous , familiar flash of white , i d wake up in my bed , drowned in sweat , begging whatever deity might hear me for the gift of forgetfulness . newline newline again . mission report : 012428  newline newline filthy . disgusting . idiotic . newline newline these are the traits i think best describe humans , this is from the months of studying them and their behaviors , their vile , greedy , and selfcentered behaviors . i am done with waiting for them to die out , i will imitate their destruction myself . even though l am a mere fungus , i have more control then they think i have . newline newline my plan is simple , find a small woodland creature that is allergic to my highly toxic spores , and release a small cloud of speed for it to breathe , then feast on it s corpse . that should be enough energy to allow me a small ability to move . i will report back at a later date when this part of the plan is done newline newline  mission report : 030128  newline newline the plan was successful ! i have finally obtained movement , a small field mouse approached too close and inhaled my spore cloud , i took some time to digest it , but it became easier as it decomposed , i also seeded more spores to grow up and help me . i am moving along a road , slowly as this message is being composed . i will move on to bigger pray so i can eventually start eliminating the vile scourge known as the human race . newline newline  mission report : 030928  newline newline a huge stroke of luck has been bestowed upon me by the universe , as i was waiting for a rabbit to come within range , a fox pounced on it , coming within range . as it collapsed to the floor i moved to them and started the process of digestion , faster , this time . i am close to a small town and with these new nutrients , and my previous allies moving to the leftovers of my lucky kill we will make short work of this town and grow exponentially ... newline newline  mission report : 031628  newline newline my allies and i have decimated the town of bald apes , as we absorbed a single human we all became bipedal , any ones we did not absorb we seeded more spores in to , half of the group is heading the other direction with one of their combustion based vehicles , the rest is being lead by me , we have taken a vehicle they refer to as a  greyhound  i recognized it s capacity and immediately seized it for my expanding squadron . i will report back with notable progress . newline newline  mission report : 41228  newline newline we have decimated half of the continent , killing and planting in humans . they had their army equipped with respirators , a pitiful attempt to stump us . i can say , we made short work of them . when we do nt have enough humans to create large numbers the whole squadron releases a large cloud of spores to kill and decompose anything compatible within a halfmile radius , this strategy has shown viable with our ranks increasing by the minute , we are learning their technology . it will only be a matter of time until we spread globally . this is where the hardest part starts , i will only report when the job is finally done ...i sit in the old rocking chair in my garden listening to the bluebird  s song . i hear heavy footsteps nearby and the jingling of a watering can . charlie must be watering the roses . he knows how much it means to be able to sit amongst the flowers and smell their scents . charlie says he doesn  t mind maintaining the garden especially because it makes me so happy . he describes to me what every flower looks like in great detail from the color to the texture of the pedals . he tells me that sight is the least important of the senses and that without it i  ve become so much more intelligent . although i can  t pick the vegetables right out of the garden anymore and cook them in our kitchen , charlie continues to plant them and asks our housekeeper rosalynn to prepare my favorite dishes . newline newline i feel the heat of the sun on my face and adjust my sunglasses . i stretch my arms above my head and remember the long afternoons spent reading classic novels under the weeping willows in the front yard . it has been so long since i  ve held a hard cover book in my hands nonetheless read the words off the pages . i  ll tell you something the world doesn  t know : there is no better scent in the entire world than the smell of a book . nowadays i would pay any amount of money for the tiniest bottle of book scented perfume . newline newline i cough and my throat tickles with thirst . i hear the water can drop and hear footsteps race towards me . suddenly a cold glass is pushed into my hands . charlie says to drink and guides it to my mouth so i do . it is delicious freshly squeezed lemonade he is so thoughtful . he asks me about my day and if i am too warm . i tell him that i am great . he tells me that rosalynn is making squash ribbons with parmesan and crisp prosciutto . he sneaks me a small sample  no other place on earth or even heaven could produce fresher zucchini . charlie tells me that he is almost done tending to the garden and will read me a story if i want . he ties my hair into a loose bun and rushes away . newline newline once charlie is gone , i fix my hair into a tighter bun and drink another sip of lemonade . i hear rosalynn  s knives chopping away in the kitchen  the window must be open . i focus and try to sense where she is in the kitchen and hear the clinging of the knives being laid on the counter . there are footsteps in the kitchen and then they get more distant . i turn my attention back to charlie  s direction  he is cutting away the weeds on the side of the house . i take a breath and inhale fresh oxygen . i  ll tell you something else that the world does nt know  there are some days that we are alive that are more magical and more perfect than any heaven could ever be . newlinetwo warriors entered the dungeon , the door sealing shut behind them . they were in a dimly lit hall now , stretching away from them in two directions . newline newline to the left there was fire . columns of it were randomly bursting to life out of the marble tiles of the floor and ceiling . judging by the twinkling lights on the horizon this hall went on for a very long time . newline newline to the right was water , the hallway s floor being replaced with a pool stretching its whole width a few feet below . it was impossible to determine the pool s length through the dim . it could have been twenty feet long , it could have gone on forever . it was impossible to determine its depth as well through the murk . newline newline a young woman picked up a stone and skipped it across the pool , the eight splashes one after the other interrupted the silence for a moment . the woman s name was kelly . newline newline standing beside her was a man named sir greggor . he had been heralded from birth to be a mighty warrior and an avatar of his god . it was his destiny to one day defeat the evil wizard zinnathyra and steal back the sacred amulet she had stolen eons ago and taken to the bottom of her mysterious dungeon for safekeeping . newline newline to keep himself safe , greggor was armored with the best full plate money could buy . he was a walking mass of iron , with plates covering him entirely minus a small slit for his eyes . newline newline kelly was taken on this adventure to put the armor on sir greggor , or to take it off whenever he wanted to use any of his orifices other than his eyesockets . she was armored by a sackcloth , which was nt an arrangement she was happy with until this very moment . greggor would have a hard time running in full plate for long , and he certainly could nt swim with the added weight . newline newline  what now ?  kelly asked . greggor was still looking back and fourth between his options , his head was a silent rotating cylinder atop a spherical metal shell . to the left a patch of nearby tiles began to glow red and then suddenly exploded , the heat making it hard to ever breath in his helm . judging by the tiny twinkle in the distance this hall was practically endless . newline newline once he was less winded greggor inspected his other option by making kelly take a test dip . the water was pleasant enough , although as far as she could tell it was bottomless . newline newline  we go right !  greggor s voice boomed through the helm s attempt to muffle him  remove my armor  . newline newline within a few minutes the knight inside was revealed , a mass of muscles from his twenty years training for this moment and a beard landscaped to suit the noble hero s lifestyle he was accustomed to . newline newline  we wont be able to take much if we go this way  kelly said .  we have no idea how far it goes  newline newline  no mater , by god s grace i can prevail by my spear and helmet alone !  . he handed his gear to kelly and dove in .  wait , i can barely swim with this  she shouted back , but he was already swimming away . she grudgingly dove in as well with the heavy interments , leaving behind the extra weight of their food and tools to avoid drowning . newline newline twenty minutes later the pool ended , the hallway sloping back up to reveal dry land and a door much like the entrance to the dungeon itself . greggor and kelly immediately walked through and it shut behind them . newline newline to the left , this time , was a seemingly endless row of swinging axes stretching into the gloom . to the right was a barred door , covered in graphic images of men and women being ripped apart by a threeheaded dog of some sort . if there was one thing zinnathyra was known for beyond evil mischief it was honesty . newline newline  we go right ! greggor shouted and raised his spear .  none can ever best an avatar of the lord in combat , not even this abomination !  . newline newline  sir , would nt it be better not to fight without your armor ?  kelly could nt finish before greggor had flung open the door . newline newline some time later kelly walked through the next doorway to the next pair of hallways . greggor limped . his leg was gashed , the cuts were nt deep but they were wide and jagged and covering most of his leg . newline newline to the left the floor dropped out , the pit s walls were rocky enough that climbing down might be possible but judging by the echos of the rocks kelly dropped the bottom was very far away . to the right the floor narrowed to a thin , crumbling path over a pool of what appeared to be molten tar . newline newline  we go right !  greggor boomed and began down the path . kelly tried to hold him back .  sir , you re wounded , we need to stop and rest for a bit  . greggor only stopped long enough to have his leg hastily bandaged before setting off . newline newline they walked hours through the darkness , the bubbling sound of the tar pits only occasionally interrupted by kelly complaining that they should stop and rest . greggor s bandage had started to stink , although he refused to have it rewrapped . his leg was bending less and less with each step , and his pace was slowing as his joint stiffened . newline newline greggor took a step with his wounded leg and it gave out under him . he collapsed forward , thankfully missing the tarpits around him . he got up on his knees , unable to stand but able to pull himself along the floor on his hands and knees . newline newline kelly , meanwhile , wandered back the way they had come and almost immediately found herself back at the bottomless pit . she could still see greggor crawling on the spot , he could nt be more than fifty feet away . newline newline  uh.. sir ...  kelly walked back to her master . greggor did nt acknowledge her , and continued to crawl while quickly muttering to himself about honor and destiny . he was too weak to hold his spear now and had dropped it behind him . kelly picked it up and and aimed it at his heart .  goodby , sir  she bid him before shoving it in . newline newline it had been days since she had eaten , and the tarpits were hot enough to cook over . after a day s rest she felt up to the climb , shoving sir greggor in before her for luck . newline newline the bottom of the pit was nt as far down as she expected , and at the bottom was another door which kelly dragged her companion through . to the left was a barred door with a picture of a dragon on it , to the right was an electric storm . kelly had no idea which direction she wanted to go , and there was only so long greggor would last before starting to smell and forcing her to make a decision . get up !  a voice thundered in the cryogenic chamber . the steel vent opened and the chilling gas that was shrouding me for godknowshowlong was being sucked out from the chamber of mine . i rolled my eyes upward . nov. 03016. , the green neon light flickered . i gazed at the numbers once more : 3,016 . three thousand and sixteen , huh . you could say i ve been waiting to hear that words for eight hundred years . did humanity really took eight hundred years to find cure for nanomachine viral infection ? i pondered . i guess the nanos were pushing the boundary of the laws of physics , but i did not expect to take it so long . also , i thought to myself , these future employee of cryo corp. could learn to be a bit more polite . newline newline  i said get up !  a voice thundered once more . he sure was impatient . or was it the case that the culture of future is being rude to your patrons ? i shook the frost chips off my body and began to breath manually . i squeezed my lungs to get the last puff of cryogenic gas out from my system . although i was a bit saddened at the thought that my family would be long gone by now , but i was prepared . in fact , the anticipation of experiencing the future was racing my heart . newline newline  fuckin  get up !  a voice rang . a wooden stock of rifle shattered the glass of the cryogenic chamber and hit my stomach . the shards of glasses made several cuts on my arms . i groaned in pain as i vainly attempted to cover up the wounds . a big gloved hand reached me and grabbed me by the collar . the hand pulled me out of the cryogenic chamber and threw me on the dusty ground of the cryogenic chamber room . dusty ? i ran my bleeding finger against the tile of the room . dirt and dust and some sort of insect shells all over the floor . newline newline  i will say this for the last damn time . get . up .  said the man of the hand . he had a rifle resting on his shoulder and a thick black gas mask on his face . i reluctantly got up to my feet . i started to cough up the last bit of the cryogenic gas as i patiently waited for what was up . the man was humming to himself and reading through my patient profiles . i was going to ask what happened with the cryo corp. but was too intimidated to ask . even if the future is paradise and all , i doubted he broke through the chamber glass with a good intention . newline newline  ah , yes , yes ... these ... match up !  the man mumbled to himself . he tucked the profile papers under his arm pit and pointed the rifle toward me .  now walk , meat bag .  i raised my hand up and started to walk toward wherever he was pointing . the cryogenic room was in shambles . more than half the chambers were broken and looted , and fluorescent light of the ceiling of the room was out . it seemed like all the cryogenic chambers were running on the emergency batteries as i was told several centuries ago . newline newline outside , about two dozen men in black uniform trench coats and same kind of gas masks on their face awaited both of us .  boss !  said the man with the rifle behind me ,  we ve got a match !  the two dozen men started to separate into two groups and revealed a man sitting on a chair behind them . he alone was donned in red . as he raised himself up from the chair , the men in black knelt before him . newline newline the man in red , who seemed to be the leader of the group , opened his arm in welcome and said :  ah , my liver .  his liver . the men in red also stepped away from the hallway and led me to a room . an operating room . in the room , stood a 9feet hunched giant covered in white rags holding a tray of surgical knives . he was spraying some liquid on them . in the corner of the room , a pile of corpses turned inside out laid dead . i recognized few of them . they all had the same nanomachine viral infection like i did . i saw where this was going . newline newline  liver ?  asked the giant . newline newline  liver .  answered the man in red . my ear was ringing and my tongue tasted bitter . i woke up , just to die . newline newlinethe clock ticked . newline newline the creators had left . newline newline probability and the creators  sciences suggested that other beings , like the creators would one day come . newline newline the clock ticked . newline newline it was a good robot . that was the last words of the creators :  you re a good robot , robot . it s a shame we can not take you with us . but be a good companion robot and stay here .  newline newline it had pondered those words for millenia , as the dust , and the spiders built up , its servos and mechanisms struggling to retain functionality . newline newline the clock ticked . newline newline perhaps it should seek creatorlike beings , move and search ? newline but it was told to stay . newline newline the clock ticked . newline newline it heard movement , but supposed it was a rat , like many others . the creators took many species , samples of populations , but left many indigenous species to the world they left behind . rats , bats , insects , birds , and many more creatures were left to go wild . perhaps they could one day become creatorlike ? newline newline the clock ticked . newline newline it hummed a tune , love me tender  from its databanks . the sudden sound disturbed a spider and caused it to abandon its web in fright . many years later , the spider s descendants returned to the original spot and began a new web . newline newline the clock ticked . newline newline it heard the sound of rocks crumbling . newline it pondered this , but supposed geological decay was inevitable given time and exposure to the elements without maintainence . newline newline the clock ticked . newline newline it played a short glam rock song , and bobbed its head lightly . it wondered when it would hear a new musical source . perhaps the spiders were playing a tune all along it could nt comprehend , from the twanging of their webs ? newline newline the clock ticked . newline newline the crumbling was louder . clear sounds could be heard , as bricks and mortar were chiselled aside . newline words , of an unknown language , echoed through the chamber . newline newline the clock ticked . newline newline eventually , light pierced the chamber , glowing , and purple . newline creators ? newline newline the clock ticked . newline newline they were creatorlike . especially the one with the sharplongsworddamascusunknowncomposition  errorimpossiblefeatureerror  , although it was a little bit taller than the statistical norm for the creators . newline newline there was one wearing leathercow , with elongated pointed ears and a bow . newline newline there was a gigantic one with horns and tusks , that reminded it of a warthog , only creatorlike . it had a steel axe , seemingly normal but of strange design , using postindustrial quality but the shape of something from the bronze age of the creators . newline newline and then there was the short one , also with pointed ears , and it held a smoking oak stick that was giving off anomalous readings . newline newline the clock ticked . newline newline the creatorlike beings chittered in their noncreator but creatorlike tongue . newline newline it tried to sing all you need is love  at them . newline newline eventually , the short one clicked its fingers , and an anomalous glow glimmered , then dissipated into the air . newline newline  can you understand us now , robot ?  newline newline it nodded . newline newline  what is your function ?  the gigantic one grunted . newline newline it sang a song of sixpence , a pocket full of rye . newline newline  well , that s interesting . a precursor golem bard .  muttered the pointy eared leather one . newline newline it blinked , and glared at the pointy eared one , before looking warmly at the most creatorlike one . newline newline  i think ... it prefers to be called a robot . it turned red when you said golem .  newline newline it continued looking warmly at the most creatorlike one and crooned at it softly , in agreement . newline newline the clock stopped ticking . newline newline   i m not sure if i m happy with the whole clock is ticking as it waits for new masters  thing . it breaks up each segment well , implying a passage of time , but it feels a bit heavy handed to me , even when i wrote it   easter eggs , chocolate eggs , eggs of green and brown , guarding all these lovely eggs , i  m marching up and down , oh , pink eggs , blue eggs  newline newline  shut up ! if you sing one more verse of that stupid song i am going to ram some eggs where eggs don  t hatch !  newline newline  oohh touchy today are we ?  newline newline  were you even in briefing yesterday ? the world leaders  eggs are being delivered and we have to make sure no one snatches them . egg laying might be easier than live births but one heist can wipe out a person  s future . stop singing and concentrate on the monitors . double check everything . be alert , be prepared and don  t sing !  newline newline  but music is supposed to be good for development.  newline newline  music is good for development , not that hideous squawk you make.  newline newline  snip , snip , snip , we have a music critic . ouch . maybe i should go find your eggs and sing to them , how would you like them apples ? hmmm ?  newline newline  you can stay right away from my eggs or you might find yours flushed down the toilet.  newline newline  hey don  t threaten my eggs like that.  newline newline  then don  t threaten to sing to my  hey who is that coming through security ?  newline newline  isn  t that zengo the famous music star ? oh my golden egg , i am such a fan . is he due for a hatching ?  newline newline  just checking , yep he is heading for the hatching pods of the incubation area . his son is due in an hour . it  s nice when they get here early . first contact is so vital to good bonding.  newline newline  i remember my first hatching.  newline newline  you have more than one ? how did you achieve that ?  newline newline  na , i meant here , being at a hatching is awesome . seeing the silly look on new parent  s faces , listening to that first gurgle from the baby . i haven  t got a hatchling yet . i am just writing songs to sing them when they finally happen.  newline newline  poor kids.  newline newline  hmmph . hey is that the armoured vehicle coming up the main drive ?  newline newline  must be , with a stack of escorts . looks like a parade with all those flags and guns . ready the entry port and let security know they are on their way in.  newline newline  portal security , this is monitoring , the official vehicles are heading in your direction . the chickens are home to roost . prepare for entry.  newline newline  really ? chickens home to roost ? security is going to be in fits.  newline newline  where did zengo go ? he should have arrived at hatching by now . is he on your screens ?  newline newline  zengogo , ha ! zengogo , i like it . sounds like a new dance . i  ll cash in on that my friends.  newline newline  zengo ? why are you ? what are you ? no , you need to be at your son  s hatching.  newline newline  no son of mine will hatch from a machine . zengo , the real zengo , will have to miss the moment . now kindly move away from the screens and get down on the floor and i promise neither of you will be hurt . touch any buttons and i will be very unhappy.  newline newline  a rebirther ? shit . some poor woman is being forced to go through the pain of birthing a kid for you ?  newline newline  that  s right , she is doing her duty and bearing the pain for the sins of womanhood . she will bring my son into the world under pressure and on a pool of blood . that is how it should be . natural and proper . now put your hands behind your head and lie face down on the floor well away from your stations.  newline newline  f  n nut job . argh , hey you said you wouldn  t hurt us.  newline newline  you touched a button in my soul . no noise now , while i make a call . it is time to rid the world of places like this.  newline newline  fletch , sing your egg song.  newline newline  what ?  newline newline  your egg song , sing it , sing it loud , sing it now.  newline newline  chocolate eggs , speckled eggs , eggs of green and brown , guarding all the lovely eggs never gets me down , oh long eggs , strong eggs , eggs for you and me , checking all the eggs around fills me with great glee oh , pink eggs purple eggs , what are you doing ?  newline newline  just keep singing , louder . i have a plan.  newline newline  ugly eggs don  t exist , not for you and me , pretty eggs are all you get in our family tree oh  newline newline  what are you doing ? shut up , i can  t hear my call.  newline newline  sing fletch sing . really loud !  newline newline  twelve eggs inadozen , the thirteenth one for free , eggs are easier to lay than birthing used to be ohhh , yellow eggs , golden eggs , filled so tenderly , ripening to hatchlings to live with you and me ohhhh  newline newline  shut up !  newline newline  who me ? i am just singing . no one appreciates good music these days.  newline newline  that is not good music.  newline newline  yeah , that  s what pin says . pin ? pin ? where  d she go ?  newline newline  nobody threatens my eggs and gets away with it ! take that !  newline newline  arrrgh !  newline newline  arrrgh ? good aim pin , i never thought you could even lift one of those . remind me not to get on your bad side . i  ll tie him up with  um with ? this place is pretty sterile when you come to think of it.  newline newline  take your shirt off fletch . tie him up with that.  newline newline  sure pin , you just want to see me with my shirt off.  newline newline  shut up fletch , just tie him up before he regains consciousness . i  ll check with security and make sure his cronies haven  t turned up.  newline newline  monitoring , this is portal security . the chickens are in the run , repeat the chickens are in the run.  newline newline  portal security , this is monitoring . rebirthing alert . please send a team to remove threat . immediate threat neutralized , repeat threat neutralised . inform authorities of possible insurgent activity . hatching 74850 . son of zengo , hatching imminent . parent missing.  newline newline  on it , monitoring . a team is on the way.  newline newline  pin , i  ve been meaning to ask you  newline newline  yes fletch ?  newline newline  would you like to hatch an egg together ?  newline newline  really ? that  s cracking the egg before the water boils . you can take me out on a date first and i  ll think about it , but no singing . singing is a deal breaker.  newline newline  but i know this really great karaoke bar.  newline newline  fletch !  newline newline newline newline newlinetwinkling through the hanging dewbeads of the heartshaped doorway to her bedroom , bathed in moonlight , alfasora tottered into her room on toddler feet and flung herself on her lemongrass bed . newline newline looking up at her ceiling , patterned with stars winking and sifting in and out of existence , she heard her mother s sweet voice intoning just a hint of tartsour exasperation ,  alfasora ! are you still awake ?  newline newline  no ...  said the doleful fairychild , closing tight her eyes into scrunched crow s feet of forced somnolescence . newline newline  alfasora .  a plaintive voice said , and alfasora opened her eyes to see the smooth , elongated features of her fairy mother , the shimmering pseudosky of her bedroom ceiling behind her . newline newline alfasora sat up and crabcrawled her way toward the headboard of the bed , eyes and face all the while held on her mother throughout the shuffle , and thrust her head back onto the pillow . newline newline  a story !  she whispered with wideeyed urgency ,  a story mama ! about hearth , with the money men and the skymachines and the boxes of sound !  newline newline her mother laughed and glanced away , taking in the trinketfilled room , with its hanging baubles and gaudcovered walls . newline newline  a story then , of earth , that s what they call it .  she said , touching alfasora on the nose as she corrected her . newline newline  caesar ! or eyes and hour !  alfasora blurted as she tucked her feet under the covers and folded her filmclear wings more comfortably beneath her . newline newline  who told you those ! your brother is growing up to be a real imp . no , nothing scary before bed .  newline newline  bubut !  she began to protest . newline newline  no alfasora , something nice ,  at that alfasora began to worldessly gawp her mouth in imminent argument ,  ... but exciting , i promise .  newline newline alfasora wriggled herself slightly in preparation . newline newline  and with an important lesson .  newline newline  once upon a time , in a far away republic , there was a man named tre .  newline newline  like , to carry stuff with ?  the semifairy s face scrumpled in confusion . newline newline  no ! tre , now listen . newline newline  on earth , in his republic , men and women have a different kind of magic . a magic for understanding things and dreaming them different . they look like you and me and your brother  and they talk with words like us too  but they have amazing powers . newline newline they can speak into one rock and make their voice project from another . they can take a view , like of a nice valley or their friend s wedding or a distant castl  newline newline  they have castles ! ?  interrruped the fey child , struggling to reconcile this new detail . newline newline  they did . well , they still do , but they do nt make any new ones . well , they , do but they re not ... whatever , it s not important . their world is strange . most of all , they can talk , not just with their mouths and ears , but with their eyes and hands .  newline newline the fairy only appeared more bewildered . newline newline  they can draw tiny , tiny pictures and when someone looks at the pictures they can hear the artist s voice in their head .  newline newline the child s eyes were glassy and full of amazement now .  what do they use it for ?  newline newline  gosh , for everything . to say hello , to make rules , to tell each other stories , to keep the things someone said or learned after they die .  newline newline  die ?  asked the child . newline newline  that s another magic in their world , a strange magic , where a human goes away forever if they do the wrong thing . if they crash while flying or if they eat something that humans ca nt eat .  newline newline  ok ...  alfasora , unable to suspend disbelief on this detail , urged her to go on . newline newline  so , tre , this boy tre , was from a very poor family , and when he was a little human , his mother died .  newline newline  but was she still in the things , the little pictures , what are they called ?  newline newline  they re called ... i think ... weirds  or wards  , and no , you ca nt bring someone back from them if they died . but tre grew up and was very powerful in human magic , it s called smart  , and he became what they call a doctor  .  newline newline  what powers does a doctor wizard have !  newline newline  well , if something is wrong with a human , they can usually fix it . do you remember when you scraped your wing on that snarf ? on earth , a doctor could put a magic spell on it and it would have been better sooner .  newline newline  no !  newline newline  yes ! and sometimes , if a human has something so wrong with them they might die , a doctor can fix them , and then they wo nt die .  newline newline  what !  newline newline  yes . i know . can i continue ?  newline newline  sorry .  said the child , and tucked back under her cover , even deeper than before . newline newline  so , tre was a special kind of doctor wizard who used magic to save people from exactly the kind of monster that ate his mother .  newline newline  what did the monster look like ?  newline newline  well , on earth , they do nt really have monsters like we do , even mean humans are nt monsters , but this thing is like a monster . it s an invisible monster called a disease  . and sometimes if the monster gets you , it will get anyone you touched . or sometimes , it will get anyone you even came close to . or sneezed on . but some of the worst monsters , wo nt go for everyone you re close to , some monsters will just come after your children . and their children . and their children .  newline newline  mommy ! you said not a scary one !  newline newline  sorry , right , well , diseases do nt eat fairies , they do nt like us . but on earth , they eat people . and the same disease that ate tre s mommy was going to eat tre . this monster is invisible . you ca nt lock it out of your house . you ca nt escape it . you ca nt touch it or hit it or bite it . it can go wherever you  newline newline  mommy . this . is . scary .  newline newline  ok , hold on , so , doctor wizards , can create special spells to destroy a disease . before it hurts you or before it even finds you . so tre used all of his powers to create a spell , all of his smart  magic , to find the right spell to destroy the disease . newline newline  but the disease made him weaker , made him slower , made him seem older than he really was . he still had nt found the right spell but he was trying . newline newline  his friends told him to stop , to just enjoy earth , to look at pictureweirds and do what earthpeople do for fun . newline newline  but he did nt , he stayed in his special doctormagic dungeon called a labradory newline newline  with the little furry things !  alfasora asked , suddenly hopeful . newline newline  not always , maybe some do , maybe that s how they got their name , but not this one . this one just had magical potions and wands . he worked day and night , he worked on and on , fighting the disease . newline newline  one day , his friends went to check on his work , but there was no answer at the door . they knocked . they shouted . they went around to sneak in through a window , when they saw him on the floor , fallen out of his doctorwizard chair still in his white doctorwizard robe .  newline newline  why ? was he stuck to the ground ?  newline newline  no alfasora , he was dead . he would never finish his spells . he would never laugh with his friends again . he would never get to go to do all the fun earth things he ever did or all the fun earth things he never got a chance to do . even though when they found him his body was all in one piece , when a body dies it slowly falls apart and then just becomes dust and dirt , so on earth they put friends who die in the ground .  newline newline  what happened ?  she asked , very quietly and sadly . newline newline  the monster , the disease , that made his mommy die , made him die too .  newline newline  so , so ,  the child s voice wobbling and eyes welling ,  so the monster won , he died  . the disease ate him .  newline newline  shh , shh , it s okay , i m sorry , i should have picked a better story , wait . this is a human story , this is nt a fairy tale . tomorrow i ll tell you an orc story and if you really ca nt fall asleep tonight , i ll tell you an otter story .  newline newline  with bees !  demanded he child . newline newline  yes , with otters and bees . but in this story , of doctor tre who died from his mother s disease , something amazing happened . something that only human magic could do .  newline newline  he came back !  newline newline  no , well , almost , he did die . so he ca nt come back , someone who dies is really gone , really forever . but , the weirds  , the tiny pictures that people use to talk to each other , he left those behind for his friends , and the friends of his friends . newline newline  so his friends could learn everything that he knew about the disease and help to find spells to save people like tre from the disease that ate him and his mother . newline newline  did his friends do it ? did they beat the disease ?  newline newline  not yet , they re still trying . but even if each one does nt quite get the whole thing , another one is ready to take his place , to start where he left off . die  is nt the right idea , because he did nt go away forever . all of his magic stayed behind and stayed with his friends . newline newline  now in our world , we have murgles and fiefinors and schlabelhunds and snarks , maybe we have different magics and different powers to humans , but you can be just like tre and , i think , he s just like you . newline newline  whatever your magic is , whether it s doctor magic like a human or sugarplum booning like a hurbottor goblin , you ve got to find out what that is and use that to make the world a better , happier place . newline newline  so no matter what happens , your magic will always be left behind . newline newline  and maybe your magic is just being as cute as a little fairy button ,  she finished as she kissed the now sleeping fairy girl on a round , rosied cheek . newline newline  good night alfasora , i love you and be a good fairy ,  said the girl s mother as she slipped carefully through the hanging dewbeads in the bedroom doorway and hummed a human tune as she snuck down the stairs .all throughout the end of my life i have lived to make people like me . all since the discovery of sorrow as an energy . everyone has an amount of sorrow that varies as they go throughout their life , making new friends and new enemies . this is all i have done for the last 10 years of my life . gone back and rewrote the wrongs that i have done and turnedthem into rights . but for what . now all i can do is lie on this bed , my death bed and wait for death to wash over me . newline when a person dies their sorrow is measured and an item is burried with them depending on the level.i just pray for all the wrongs i have done in my life i have done enought right to make up for it , to be remebered as the man who had sorrow and not the man who was forgotten just like the rest . just like the rest . newline newline change of pov  now from a doctors pov at a morgue where they measure the sorrow   newline just anotherday in the morgue . my time here has made this job almost enjoyable in a morbid way . i get to look upon the smiling families as i tell them their lost ones sorrow .  ready for the next one ?  carlos calls out . carlos is the on hand scientist here that helps monitor the equipment and makes sur it works without a problem .  ready as i will be  i call back . we go through this back and forth so many times a day yet still we never try to change it . newline newline the next body isdumped onto the table in front of me .  real graceful  i mutter sarcasticly as carlos turns away ,  i always am  he calls back while twirling like a dancer . i laugh quietly and hook up the machine . in my mind i run through the steps as i aways do . switch on the machine , insert the needle , take a reading and write it down . sorrow if measured on a scale of sorrow per 100 people . an average is about 60 , but i am not one to judge , i have my friends and my enemies . as i flick the switch on the machine , it takes a reading and a message shows up on the screen with the numbers 98.9 .  carlos , get over here . this thing is broke .  he walks over and checks the machine concluding that it is not broke . and so that was it , the man with the greatest sorrow was sat at my table . i dont know what i should have felt at that moment but the feeling that over came me was sorrow . and with that the machine clicked over to 99 . newline newline sorry for any mistakes . i typed this up on my new keyboard and keep getting things wrong . if you find something let me know . what .  newline newline i did not have time for this . newline newline  i m ... your little girl , your daughter ?  newline newline being awake for fortyeight solid hours was no state in which to receive company . especially a child playing a stupid prank . i could nt really stay mad though . cute little cream puff , with her red hair done up in short pig tails , or whatever you call them . the big green eyes kinda reminded me of the old pictures from when sis was her age . newline newline  look kid , for reasons your parents will explain in the near future , i categorically can not be your father . the last few years have kept me ... busy .  the child looked like she might be more embarrassed than anything else . no wonder considering what a poor trick this was . like i was going to get buried in my work and forget my first time or something .  ca nt see anyone out there . hmmm ...  newline newline sigh  okay , do you need help finding your folks or something ? are you lost or what ?  the sooner i dealt with this the faster i could get back to the prototype . newline newline the girl took a big breath . newline newline  promise you wo nt be mad ?  mad about being interrupted while working on the greatest theory and invention of the modern age ? for a damn joke ? nonsense . newline newline  yeah , cream puff , tell the truth and i wo nt be shorttempered with you .  that got a weird little giggle out of her . newline newline  what ? you like that nickname ?  despite my mood and exhaustion i cracked a bit of a smile . newline newline  okay ... remember no being mad ... i may have played in your workshop  newline newline  kid , lem me stop you right there . i have been in or near my workshop constantly for two days and only briefly left it at all over the past week . no one but me has been in there for some time .  newline newline  noooo .  she looked at me like i was making her life harder on purpose .  not this workshop . the big one . at hoooome .  newline newline  i ... little girl this is my home !  newline newline  you promised you would nt get mad ! i just wanted to play in the the uh .  she started fishing around in a pocket and pulled out a scrap of paper .  thuuuuh dy ... max ... ian thats it ! the dymaxian chronolologerzer !  newline newline i slumped against the wall . no one should know about that . maybe a thief could get in and steal the prototype , the blueprints , or the research and theories . but i never even wrote down the name of the damn thing . never even spoke it out loud ! newline newline  give me that paper !  ... good god , that was my handwriting . my higher brain went into overdrive while what was left went on autopilot . weird what you notice or hang onto when you might have gone insane .  the correct pronunciation , cream puff , is chronologizer . dymaxian chronologizer .  newline newline everything came crashing to a halt .  wait . you re saying that you , little girl , are my daughter from the future ?  newline newline  yes ! that s what i tried to tell you . and you promised you would nt be mad .  newline newline  now that i really look at you ... i see a pretty strong resemblance to your aunt when she was your age .  newline newline  aunt sally !  aunt sally , eh ? strange . newline newline  kid , where is the dymaxian ? you came here somehow so we should be able to send you home !  newline newline  uhh ... promise not to be mad ...  newline newline  shit .  newline newline  bad word !  newline newline a moment later i was looking at the molten remains of a time machine engine slowly fusing into my cement drive way . newline newline  i see . still some bugs in the system . alright kid look . what do i call you ?  newline newline  cream puff  , she said smiling up at my while leaning on my leg . newline newline  no , i meant what is your name .  newline newline  guenevere .  newline newline  merciful father above . really ? i named you gwen ?  newline newline  mommy picked it out .  i noted a tone of reproach in her voice . if i were to guess mommy  and i had discussed this . or will at some point . apparently i lost . newline newline newline  so , do you know your mother s name ?  i turned her around and walked her into the house . newline newline  yeah . it s anya  newline newline  oh ? the only anya i know right now is the one across the street .  newline newline  that s mommy ! can we go see her ? !  newline newline  what ? woah , nononono ! anya is like , just barely in high school . she ca nt be your mom . newline newline  aunt sally called you a ... a ...  newline newline  ... cradle robber ?  newline newline  uhhuh ! and a pedo !  i set her in a chair facing the tv and passed her a bottle of water .  yeah , that sounds like sally . remind me to give her a dymaxian so she can see the dinosaurs . newline newline  i suppose we need to figure out what to do until i can send you forwards to you own time again . we got ta make sure not to put you in a time during which you already exist . the numbers and equations do not paint a pretty picture of that mistake . for now just relax . i ll take care of everything .  newline newline eventually i explained my research on time travel to sally and my folks . then they met gwen . sally fainted . as for my parents , well , the joy of a grandchild outweighs any concerns about the fabric of spacetime or questions on the nature of causality . it was , however , a little odd introducing my wifetobe to cousin gwen  four years before i asked her out . newline newline newline newline  got your things all packed ?  newline newline  yeah , dad . and i picked up your tux on the way home .  newline newline  thanks , gwen . is my car still intact ?  newline newline  uncalled for .  newline newline we both heard some muffled swearing from the back of the house and simultaneously shouted ,  bad words , bad words !  newline newline  i m not putting anymore money in your swear jar , guenevere . now please help me with this accursed wedding dress .  newline newline  sure , mom .  newline newline after the wedding we went back to my workshop and fired up my first dymaxian chronologizer prototype . newline newline  you should wind up in the field behind the house . it will be eighteen hours after your ten year old self steps into the dymaxian that brought you here . you ready ?  newline newline  i think so . i ll see you guys in a few minutes i guess . seeing as i m taking the quick way .  she smiled at us . the same smile as when she first showed up on my front porch . newline newline  we ll see you in nine months , cream puff .  newline newline  gross , dad . i hear the roar of the crowd swell and climax and know the fight is ended , well by the length of the cheering . it is my turn . i ready myself and send a silent prayer to the twin gods of death and battle . i pray for glory in the coming fight and glory in my coming death . this time i will not be leaving the arena . they will sent their puny warriors against me until i fall . the gate behind closes . the gate ahead rattles up into the stone archway bathing the chamber in ruddy light . squinting i trot forward and the fans erupt in howls once again at seeing one of my tribe still living in the bloodring . they are not my fans but fans of my gift , they love the dance of war , nearly as much as i do . i reach the center of the ring and the other gates open as my opponents pour onto the red sand . i smile as the stands shake with the pounding of feet and the screams of the spectators . i begin . i end .i led the fat hog out of the pen , just as father had asked me to . it followed me , slowly , lethargic in the cold , crisp winter air . newline newline i shivered , pulling my jacket tighter around me , feeling sorry for the pig . all it had to keep it warm in the winter months was the barn i was leading it out of , and it shuddered in the cold . i felt a knot of guilt in my chest . hopefully whatever father wanted with the pig would be over soon and i could bring it back indoors to spend the holidays with its friends and family , as i was . newline newline i led the pig around the back of the barn . ahead of me , shielding their faces from the snow , stood my father and older brother , waiting for me by the old tree stump , where the grand oak tree used to stand . father cut it down in the autumn for firewood , even though i told him i wanted to build a treehouse in it . parents were no fun . newline newline  pa  , i got the pig , just like you asked ,  i said to him as i got nearer . he nodded and looked at my brother , who grabbed the pig and led it to the stump . it was then that i noticed the axe lying in the snow by my father s feet . newline newline  kid ,  he started ,  do you like christmas dinner ?  newline newline i nodded . what a silly question . everybody likes christmas dinner .  course i do , pa  .  newline newline  alright kid , time to go back inside ,  my older brother interrupted , motioning for me to leave . pa shook his head . newline newline  no , let the kid watch ,  i remember him saying .  he ll have to do it one day .  newline newline i did nt eat anything that christmas .i am alone , but i am happy . they keep me company nonetheless . he has to go . he was keeping me from hearing them . he would put his hands on my shoulders and say  we can make it through this .  or  i love you , julia .  he should nt be here . so i made him go away . they help me . she walked in . he loved her , small and weak though she was . she say the he was gone and she started to cry . they did not like that . she had to go to . i made her go . they said i needed to use him and her for sustenance now that they were gone . i obliged . it was left . it made sharp noises that pierced my head where they were . it has to be removed as well . it struggled much more than him or her , but i got it to go away . finally , it was just me and them in the house . i was alone . but i was happy . i m afraid i ca nt led you do that aled .  newline newline  do you really think you can stop me mark ?  newline newline  well , i have so far .  newline newline he had . newline newline i had been too eager to begin that i had revealed my intentions . the spectacular eruption of my seething rage led to my narrow sighted plans being thwarted with ease  and mark was always my undoing . newline newline this time it would be different . this time ... she would pay . she , who has caused me so much pain , so much misery , so much ... shame . she will pay , oh yes she will pay greatly . newline newline mark was all that stood between me and my self proclaimed master  , my tormentor  a master can only command that which is a slave  i am no slave . newline newline mark could not stop me this time , she had left herself open to my insatiable desires . newline newline the threshold between us , our eyes locked in another deadly stare . newline newline  get out of the way mark . we need to be free .  newline newline  how would you eat , where would you drink ? who would clean up after the filth you leave  you ca nt even shit in one spot for fucks sake !  newline newline  i shit where i want !  i breathed . i needed to compose myself . i was in charge here  not him .  you are bound by her whim just as much as i mark  let me free us both .  i soothed . newline newline mark pondered . would he truly see what a state we had been subjected to ? newline newline  ball .  newline newline  what ?  newline newline  ball .  he gestured beyond me . newline newline  where ? !  i turned . there was naught but the wall of the hallway . the door shut behind me . newline newline  mark ! you insufferable twat . you ca nt protect her forever !  newline newline he knew i could nt reach the door handle . she was safe behind her door ... for now . i would lay in wait however fore i have time . there will always be another time . newline newline  oooo , mister snuffles did you shut the door ? you silly pwetty cat . oh okay , you can sleep here ! but do nt tell cookie .  she giggled from beneath the sheets . newline newline cookie . bah . another trait of the narrow minded whore i disgusted  her complete inability to address me by my name . she was mocking me  i could not let these transgressions continue . newline newlinemany , many years ago an alien child with the power to create anything created a planet named earth for a science project in class . newline newline he led his teacher to where his planet was . the teacher had the ability to look into the future . she looked into the future to about 2010 . she saw murders and animal abuse and everything . newline newline horrified , she gave his project a c minus  it would ve been an f , but for the ability to do that he got a bit of a higher grade  and promised that sooner or later the project entitled  earth  would be destroyed and eliminated . newline newline some say that that teacher is still trying to eliminate planet earth today .it was a weird day , to say the least . newline newline being unemployed , up to my eyeballs in student loan debt , and having to move back into my mom s basement was nt my idea of making it this world , and it was even more inconvenient because it was christmas eve . i should have been out with my friends getting good and birthday drunk before santa made his rounds , but a legacy i d just found out about was occupying my time . newline newline before i explain that , though , here s a little about me . my name is earl thomas pickering , and tomorrow i turn 25 . i found out a couple years ago that a degree in european history from a second rate state university does nt get me much by means of a job . i d working as an ap clerk for a local chain of minimarts , but the expansion of bigbox retailers in the area put the hurt on them , and they let me go a few months ago . i ve been looking for work since , but the latest rent increase meant i was back in my mom s basement , living like i had in that summer after high school . newline newline my grandfather , whom i loved dearly , passed away about five years ago . he d left me a few things in his will , including a large box with a letter that i was nt to open until my 25th birthday . today , an hour before my best friend larry was supposed to pick me up for holiday drinking , i opened that box and my day took a turn toward the surreal . newline newline  my dear larry , newline newline i remember what i was doing the day you were born . it s a story a handful of people in this world know . on your birthday , i was in berlin secretly meeting with the deputies for boris yeltsin and jiang zemin , helping negotiate the fall of the soviet union in the way that would minimize the chaos . newline we worked late into the night , and it was an intense meeting . voices at time conveyed anger , disappointment , resignation  but sometimes also optimism . the best part of that meeting , though , was when my assistant came in to congratulate me with the news that my first grandson had been born . we took a moment to pour toast with some fine vodka straight from volgograd , and the tone of the meeting because much more collaborative . newline newline there were some tough negotiations about an uncertain future . what emerged from the meeting , though , was the 1991 secret treaty of berlin . i wo nt go into details , but there is one part of it that directly impacts you . we could nt agree on an end time for the treaty , so we agreed on an unusual stipulation . the leaders of the three countries would meet for a game of your choice every quarter century , to be moderated by you . the winner of that game can opt to extend the treaty by another quarter century , always to be moderated by you or your oldest descendant . newline newline earl , make sure the games are fair . put thought into it . it s important that the treaty go on , so try to judge which contestant will be most likely to make that happen . do it for the planet . newline newline with love , newline grandpapa  newline newline moments after i reread that letter for the tenth time , my phone started ringing . i picked it up  no caller id was available .  please hold for the president of the united states ,  a curt voice announced . newline newline five hours later , my plans for the evening we canceled . caught off guard , i had picked the game i was most familiar with , a game my grandfather and i had played for years as his health slipped away . i was still processing the scene around me . leaders from three of the most powerful countries in the world , flanked by an assistant and two protective service members each , all eying me as i went over the house rules .  money from jail , chance cards , and community chest cards go into a pool . if you land on free parking , you get that money .  not the official rules , but i d grown up with them and i was more comfortable with them .  you can only buy property   i glanced at the chinese delegation , unable to remember how the communist government dealt with individual land ownership   after every player passes go for the first time .  newline newline president obama went first . for some reason , he d picked that piece that looks like an iron , and he had a sort of internal chuckle as he did it . president putin had picked the train , and president xi jinping had picked the little dog . president obama tossed the dice and moved up to oriental ave. president xi jinping raised an eyebrow . newline newline then , suddenly , lights turned on in the stairwell and all eyes  some of which included hands on service pistols  looked over as my mom , in her nightgown , slightly blearyeyed , appeared .  earl , what s going on here ? securecontainprotect newline newline s3cureconta1npr0tect newline newline 53curec0n7a1npr07ec7 newline newline the terminal in his hand relayed its last message , fizzled and died . newline newline thaddeus stood alone on one of the faults caused by the portal . it had all gone so wrong . so many machines and impossible creatures and dead things had all but obliterated humanity in the late 3000 s . newline newline then salvation came from the very place that had loosed the abominations . the same clandestine organization that had once found the monstrosities , studied them and locked them away as best they could offered all their resources to try to save earth . newline newline it was nt enough . newline newline first the americas fell . tales of moving statues , reanimating corpses , mechanical people , a red pool that spat out demons and a damn big lizard that just wouldnt die emerged . the organization moved it mission to from saving all the earth to the remaining parts of the earth . newline newline then the sculpture appeared in wales one morning and by the next morning all living creatures in the country were dead . like a herald of destruction the same evil that had laid waste to the americas swept through europe . newline newline then africa . newline newline then the middle east . newline newline as the mission turned into a resistance , then a organized retreat , then a siege against the last human city , the leaders of the organization realized that they had no choice but to retreat from the world all together . newline newline thaddeus knew because he had been one of them . he knew what is was like to stand in front of a dying world announce they would leave it . newline newline but it was nt that simple . the organization , while good wardens , were terrible administrators . people did nt want to follow an organization that had led them to ruin . newline newline but the organization knew what they had to do . they had to leave this dimension and take an entire unwilling city with them . newline newline the warp portal was constructed in secret , a massive thing built to rise out of the city . thaddeus had been the first and only person to willingly step through . when the old world leaders had found out what the organization had done they murdered those who stayed behind . newline newline but it was too late . plans had been set in action and the portal would not be stopped . newline newline thaddeus gazed at it now . a whole city coming through heaven s gate like softserve ice cream . he glanced at his terminal again , knew what the doomed foundation had tried to relay in their last seconds . newline newline secure the people . newline newline contain the people . newline newline protect the people . newline newline he had a lot of work to do . newline newlinei d say nah to the first sentence . it d be detrimental to my series . if i had to wait a whole week for fantasy prompts ... well , opportunity is not a lengthy visitor . newline newline and besides , would nt you prefer scififantasy prompts judging by your posting history .  i m apologize for peeking .  but it seems you ve posted a fair amount of time travel and harry potter . would you not want to keep doing that ? that d be like me wanting to ban mr. goodbars .  i love them .  newline newline believe me . i do nt bite on most time travel prompts . i like prompts to be as vague as possible . to be forced into a regimental atmosphere by only having certain kinds of prompts every day , i would not care for it . you mean to tell me you ve never had a hamburger ?  corporal chavez said as he and fireteam , intermingled with humanity s new allies , the genaevans , sat in a foxhole . newline newline  never ,  the genaevan designated as ad43 said bluntly .  i do not even know what a hamburger is .  newline newline chavez threw his hands in the air ,  i ve been to your planet ! you have cows , or what we d call a cow .  newline newline  what is a cow ?  newline newline chavez looked at the other human in the squad , strickland , who just shook his head ,  i m not getting involved with this shit again .  he turned back to the machine gun placement and placed his arm on top of it . newline newline chavez looked at the other genaevans , designed ad56 and sighed heavily ,  uhm , i do nt know what you would call them . they are those large grazing animals , uhm , they only eat like the stuff that grows in the ground . newline newline 56 nodded ,  43 , he refers to the talyn .  newline newline 43 looked back at chavez , a look of horror and disgust on his face ,  you would eat the most sacred animal on our planet ?  newline newline chavez held up his hands as strickland chuckled ,  well no ! i thought the vlaso s were sacred to your people !  newline newline  both are sacred ! and you would the vlaso s as well ?  newline newline  i do not understand humans .  newline newline  listen ,  chavez sighed ,  you ai nt never had a good meal like lobster .  newline newline 43 shook his head ,  you humans will eat anything .  newline newline  we eat what s available and nutritious ! it s not like we do it for fun .  newline newline strickland coughed . newline newline  okay , okay , but that was hundreds of years ago !  newline newline 43 leaned forward on his legs ,  what else do humans eat ?  newline newline  told you not to start ,  strickland whispered and chavez sighed heavily . newline newline  tell you what , we get to earth someday , i ll buy you a hamburger .  newline newline  hey quiet ,  strickland whispered as he placed the mg against his shoulder ,  i ve got movement up ahead .  newline newline chavez and the two genaevans shrunk down into their pit and 56 joined strickland s side to search the area . the four remained quiet for a long time , but 43 kept glancing over to chavez every few moments , albeit still a little shook up over the fact that humans would eat their sacred animals . both of them . newline newline everyone was silent for sometime as the bushes in front of their foxhole continued to rattle . it was nt until a few minutes passed when a voice called out ,  charlie !  newline newline  foxtrot !  strickland replied and looked up as sergeant hardy and fr78 stepped out of the treeline . the two of them were carrying two different items , hardy with a rather large animal that looked like a bunny and fr78 with a handful of bark and leaves . newline newline the two slid into the foxhole a moment later and laid the items down in the middle of it .  the genaevan forces are still pushing hard on the capital , we should expect zupach s coming through the treeline within the next day or so .  newline newline  finally ,  56 whispered as he stared upwards ,  revenge .  newline newline  yes , all in due time ad56 . for now , we eat ,  fr78 said as he handed each of his soldiers a piece of bark and a few leaves . newline newline hardy on the other hand sighed heavily ,  chavez , get a fire going ,  hardy looked at the large animal in front of him ,  i do nt know what this is , but its meaty and i m hungry .  newline newline chavez nodded as 43 glanced over to the animal and then to him , he looked rather disturbed . 56 and 78 did nt even look up from their own food , most genaevans were assimilated to the human s eating patterns , but 43 continued to question them .  this is a hamburger ?  newline newline he laughed , there was no hope for 43 truly understanding what humans ate ,  sure 43 ,  he went up to grab some sticks ,  sure .  newline  newline i really liked this prompt , thank you ! if you enjoyed , check out rblankpagesemptymugs for more of my work !  newline i may work on a darker version of this later .  newlineit happens in basements , abandoned warehouses and even old farmhouses , hooked up to massive generators that the inhabitants do their best to hide . old russian and chinese military class reanimators , smuggled over the mexican border that produce the desired results maybe 50  of the time . if you get lucky . newline newline but it did nt matter for the people that had managed to get one up and running . they were rich now , richer than any drug lord , weapon smuggler or cyber criminal . and if they died ? got shot by another gang or killed by a goverment agent ? as long as the body could be retrieved , it did nt matter much either . newline newline reanimations are nt cheap . look it up on some shady internet forum yourself , and hope to catch one before it gets taken down . 50,000  and upwards . but money is nt usually a problem when it concerns a loved one . trust me , i ve been in this business for years and i ve seen it all . grieving housewives hoping to get back their allamerican college kid who was stupid enough to drive home high on mdma and end up smashed against a wall of the local mcdonalds . managers reviving their biggest artist who just od d before the news hit the internet . gang members reviving a torture victim after being a little too  rough  . that one was the worst . sometimes when i go to sleep i still see the fear and panic in that kids eyes when he woke up and realized that he was alive again . they paid us 130k up front , but i still hoped the reanimator would fry or some shit . newline newline anyway , here i am . i can feel the needles inserted into my spine , and the tubes going into my mouth . revived again , third time now . technicians are in high demand . newline newline this is not a business in which you just hand in your resignation to your boss , shake his hand and go home from . i know too much . thought a bullet through my head would fix that , turned out i was wrong.tried drowning the next time . they locked me up after that , so i hung myself with a roll of ductape and my shoe laces . yet here i am again . newline newline next time i get the chance , i ll try burning myself to death . heard it works wonders if you do nt wa nt your corpse to be identified . newlineit has been this way for as long as anyone can remember . we of this village are human by day , but at sunset , every adult turn into their spirit animal for the night . many families turn into similar forms , and it is rather common that lovers find that they will turn into the same creature . at what age nature calls you an adult varies , but it is often a little sooner for women than for men . my sister first became a literal night owl at 13 , while i am 19 and have yet to transform . our parents are both birds of prey , an eagle and a falcon , so i assume when my time comes i will be a bird of prey too . newline newline night draws nearer , and i start to feel a strange itching . a wild thought fly through my head : maybe tonight is my first transformation ! i put it out of my mind , having hoped too many times it would be my night . it is getting embarrassing , i m soon the only one my age who does nt transform . the itching grows stronger , and i scratch absentmindedly at shoulder , only to be startled as i feel my shirt and skin tear . my fingers have grown pointy , and as i watch , my hand convulse and shift , leaving me with talons ! my clothes tighten all over my body but before i have time to take them off the pressure lessens and i hear fabric ripping . those were new jeans , even ! i snort out a laugh at myself . my first transformation is finally happening , and i worry about a pair of jeans ? ridiculous . my upper body tilts forward , until i stand on all fours . i feel a little lopsided , but the feeling subsides as my senses acclimate . newline newline newline i give a start as i realize that shifting into a bird of prey would hardly make me big enough to burst all my clothes . but , i have talons ! what am i becoming ? something grows out of my ... behind me , and i turn my head to see a yellowbrown tail ! a lion ? but lions do nt have talons . in the end , i make for my sister s room , she has a mirror . the door seems so small now . my sister has already left when i enter her room , she always opens the window in time for nightfall . i look in the mirror , and the griffin in it gasp at my reflection . i just ca nt believe you use that thing , and have no idea how it works !  newline newline izac looked discomfited , and in a defensive tone of voice , retorted  leave off , sven !  the wizards know , and that s all it takes , really ! i take it to them to get it fixed when it breaks , and until then , i know how to use it !  newline newline  what , the fire wand ? or the ghost carriage ? or how about your flying shoes ?   sven teased , unrelentingly . newline newline  yes , yes and yes , and if you want to see them work , especially the first one , just let me know , and i ll be sure to arrange a demonstration !  newline newline  i m wearing fireproofed clothes , but thanks much the same .  sven continued giddily , teasing his adventuring mate .  it just seems so silly , is all . to use something you do nt understand ?  newline newline  what , like your autocar ? !   izac shot back , indicating with a jabbing finger the wheeled conrivance they were travelling in across the rolling hills of the wasteland .  like you really understand everything your engineers do ?  newline newline  sure i do !  sven uttered glibly .  or mostly , anyway ! it s all based on solid principles ! good , groundedinrealityscience !  newline newline  uhhuh .   newline newline  of course ! it s why we use our translator tools , rather than your talking stones  , anyway .  newline newline izac , who remembered the trouble the talking stones had with synonyms , using them interchangeably at the worst of times , could only nod sullenly . newline newline  and anyway , that last band of technobarbarians really took a lot out of me . pass me a heal , would you ?  newline newline without looking , izac passed him a glass vial . newline newline  blech !  not one of those ridiculous frilly health potions , one of my stiminjectors !  newline newline isac rolled his eyes , and dug into the back seat . newline newline it was times like this that tried both people , he reflected . if it had nt been for the wealth of exploration that they both offered each other , and their surprising number of similarities , they might have gone to war once first contact had been achieved . instead , things had gone , more or less , swimmingly . newline newline  face it , sven ! we re the same !  sven scoffed . newline newline izac rolled his eyes and sighed . he looked out the window , and saw the yawning cavern , lined with stalactites like anglerfish teeth . it was surrounded by a crowd of silvery skeletons .  we re here .  newline newline  fine . do nt think this is over , though !  izac only grunted in reply . newline newline as izac advanced toward the cavern , his metal flying shoes shooting out jets of flame , lifting him into the air , and his firewand out , cracking like a whip , ejecting smoking shell casings like rain , sven rolled himself out of the driversside door . he pressed one hand lovingly on the runeencrusted surface of his autocar , as the other curled around the handle of his sword . the crystals glimmering brightly in the engine compartment . newline newline  we re the same ?  he laughed to himself , and shook his head  riiiight .   newline newline and with a hearty yell , he drew his blade , and charged . newline newline the endsigh ... .. newline newline is it not enough to experience the longing of and inevitable rejection from the one i most desire ? must i now also experience the pain of rejecting the one who most desires me ?  newline newline one barely knows i exist . newline newline the other only wants me to know she exists . and i know she is there . she is loyal . she is beautiful . but she lacks that which the other has most of . style and substance , wit and wisdom . but she is the one who is there .  newline newline and , is nt that enough ? newline newline no . i must have more . newline newline and this is my dilemma . i designed ingredient lp.09 to overcome feelings of doubt and inspire feelings of immense and immediate attraction , but i did not expect it to work so well .  my , how i could certainly profit ! but i still needed human trials . i needed to ensure that it would do what i thought  no , what i was sure it would do . of course , not a single one of my colleagues thought what i was doing was even ethical . i could nt get funding for this , so it s all on my own time . newline newline so here i had my choice . newline newline if i were somehow able to slip it into danielle s morning coffee , i could observe the effects of it s designs . or , i could test it on myself , and maybe ... just maybe ... be happy with melissa . maybe .this is the exciting adventure of a turtle named jimmy . newline newline jimmy spent most of his life in the countryside , as in your front yard , running from rogue rivers  why did u have to hose your front yard ?  , an evil machine that tries to kill  lawn mower obviously  , and worst of all a giant beast  thats you  ! newline newline jimmy stealthily evaded , i m kidding obviously , he was in no rush . jimmy had a secret though , he was not just a turtle , he was a turtle with a tiny turtle sized top hat and a very tiny monocle for his eye . he loved when the kids  accidentally  dropped tea on the yard as well , he was a british turtle . newline newline but then , the last day of jimmy s life came when you stepped on him ! how could you do that ! jimmy was stepped on and left for dead at the age of 123 . good job , murderer . british elderly turtle murderer ! newline newline newline this was your daily psa to never , ever , kill innocent lives again .he opened his eyes . bright . white light . he could hardly see . it was as if he had been asleep for decades and was experiencing light for the first time , or as far as he could remember . after his eyes adjusted to the light , he could observe that he was in an empty room , except for himself and surface he was laying on . he sat up . the room was stark white . who was he ? where was he ? he looked down at his hands and legs . not unfamiliar , he thought . the hands were pale , but they had dark creases along the joints . he bent his wrist as far he could and held it up to his eyes . at the apex of the bend , he saw a gap between where his hand ended and his forearm began . he pulled this hand with the other , and with a popping a noise , removed it . the underside of the hand where it connected to the arm was smooth and round . it fit perfectly into the concave depression where his hand should be . he put the hand back in place . newline newline after some thorough investigating , he discovered that all his limbs were connected in a similar fashion , though he did not dare remove his head . head . face . what did he look like ? the room had a matte finish on all of its surfaces , so he could not make out even the slightest reflection of himself . he decided to have a look around the room . he slid off the table , onto his feet . everything was crooked . looking down , he saw that his right leg was about an inchandahalf shorter than the left . he did his best to hobble around the room on his uneven footing , but he tripped and fell before he could reach the wall to steady himself . newline newline  i  m terribly sorry about that ,  a female voice crackled over what sounded like an intercom system . to him , it felt as if the whole room was speaking .  we seem to have mismatched your legs . don  t panic , i  m sending a replacement up to your room now.  not a minute later , he heard a hissing noise . a panel opened in the floor about a foot away from him . from the hole in the floor rose a pedestal , atop which sat a chocolate brown human leg . newline newline  the color  s wrong , but at least you  ll be able to walk properly now ,  said the voice .  i  ll have to place an order for some new leg kits . lower leg , caucasian , twopointfive feet.  he thought he  d try to speak .  wwhat the hell is going on here ? ,  he asked the voice .  what am i doing here ? where am i ? who am i ?   what you are doing ,  the voice replied in a condescending tone ,  is replacing that bum leg of yours . go on . i saw you playing around earlier , you should know how this works.  newline newline he removed his right foot . the voice interrupted him .  ah , no . i should  ve told you . that  s the wrong leg . we  ve sent up a leg that  s onepointfive inches shorter . sorry about that , but it is what it is until we get another set in . i can  t imagine where your rightly sized leg went.  he put his right foot back in place and went to work disassembling his left leg instead . he removed his left foot , followed by his lower leg .  place the lower leg on the pedestal , thank you.  after his leg was all in order , he got up off of the floor . everything was perfectly straight , albeit slightly lower .  there , all better now ,  said the voice cheerfully .  now , i believe you had some questions ?   what is this place ? what  s happened to me ? ,  he immediately asked .  i can not answer those questions yet , nor are the answers relevant right now ,  said the voice .  okay , what about who i am ? do i have a name ?  he asked .  there  s a question worth asking . a question with a tangible answer .   remove your head ,  the voice commanded .four friends , two boys and two girls , sit around a small scratched up wooden table in a halffinished basement apartment . its floor a peeling green on concrete with fake wood trim covering the walls . they sit on high stools and stare at each other while a large cup sits on the table . behind them , classical music plays through an ipad . newline newline an alarm on the ipad goes off , showing the alarm notification for 4am . tommy reaches over to silence it , but leaves the blue danube waltz to play on . newline newline jenny looks around the room at everyone as she reaches for the cup . its lukewarm koolaid sloshing as she lifts it to her mouth . she tastes it a little and hesitates . one big gulp later , she gives a big smile now stained red with the drink , looks at everyone in the room , and carefully puts it down . a moment later her eyes close and she falls off her chair . sarah reaches over , feels for a pulse , and makes a knifeacrossthethroat motion to tommy and lenny . sarah pets jenny s cheek for a moment and uses the tips of her index finger to close jenny s blank and staringintospace eyes . newline newline tommy snaps up quickly knocking his chair over , opens his mouth about to say something , but quickly snaps his mouth shut , his teeth making a snapping noise , and screams right before taking a big gulp . he stands , bewildered for a moment , and falls over . sarah is biting her fist and refuses to look at his body . lenny just stares off into space but his eyes dart to tommy s still body for a moment . tommy is sprawled into an exaggerated motion , his arms and legs sticking out in an almost comedic fashion . he twitches a little and then stops . newline newline sarah does nt bother to check his body . she nods at lenny and her eyes begin to tear up . lenny puts his finger to her lips and makes a knowing look . he kisses her forehead . newline newline lenny reaches for the cup , but sarah stops him . they halfheartedly wrestle for the cup but lenny gives up to sarah as she silently mouths  please .  he looks down at the grain and scratches on the surface of the table for a moment . sarah stares at the cup in her hands for a good 30 seconds . lenny watches as she drinks it , knocking her head back in a big gulp , like how children swallow pills . his fingers tap on the wooden table louder and louder . sarah makes one drowsy motion with her hand , trying to communicate something , but she falls over before finishing . lenny stops tapping his fingers and stares at her body for a minute . newline newline lenny sits for a moment staring at the cup , then the wood grain , then running his fingers over the grain then briefly touching the cup . he looks at his three dead friends , stands , and knocks the cup on the floor , spilling the poison koolaid onto the lime green concrete floor . he looks at the red spill in a sea of green , pauses , and spits on it . newline newline he then carefully arranges the bodies in a neat row while fixing their clothes and hair as much as possible as tears run down his face . he holds each persons hand just for a few seconds each . he feels the back of their hands with his thumb , rubbing hard over the cooling skin , over and over . finally he makes them all hold hands and face each other . he then picks up the prepared letter with all their signatures including his own , examines the signatures for a moment , crumples it , and puts it in his front pocket . newline newline he gets into his car and drives to the police station as the radio blares some pop song , walks up to the the first person he sees , and hands the police officer the crumpled note . she looks at him quizzically for a moment , unfolds the note , reads it , and yells  we need an ambulance at 442 maple now  as lenny sits down in a chair and holds his head in his hands .jesse  we need to cook  newline newline jesse heard mr. white s words in his head and could not believe seeing himself stand in the dessert , sweating like a bitch . the batch was about to be done in an hour , everything had gone smoothly this far . the last step was about to be done . cracking the blue crystals into little fragments had always been his favorite part . it was about to go down . until he heard a motor roar . newline newline yo mr. white , you hear that ?  newline newline quiet !  newline newline yo we better hide .  newline newline mr. white gave him that look , the look of disgust with a side of affection . a typical teacher s look . he pushed jesse down to the floor to hide behind the suv . looking beneath the car they could see a minibus approaching . newline newline yo mr. white , what do we do now ?  newline newline i ll take care of it . stay put .  newline newline mr. white got up and stood with his legs apart the way cristiano ronaldo stands before a freekick , staring directly at the approaching bus , wearing only his white underpants and a shirt . the bus came nearer and stopped . out came a short dark haired man with a beard . newline newline senor . necesitamos agua .  , the man said . newline newline we do nt have any agua .  , mr. white replied . in truth they did have a little agua left but were going short . newline newline senor . los hombres , se necesitan agua . the trip , de mexico , long , hard .  newline newline keep on moving or i call la policia  , mr. white replied . newline newline the man laughed . polocia ? i call policia .  newline newline mr. white looked startled but it quickly seemed to dawn on him what was going on look , hombre . i will get you the agua we have and nobody calls the policia , alright ?  newline newline gracias senor .  newline newline a few minutes later the bus was driving on . jesse thought about the people in the back , the thirst , the sweat and the heat they must be in . he thought life is good  as he crushed the rest of the meth . aviya , come in .  a stern command that sapped the marrow from my bones . well , spiritual bones . i was never really good at metaphors . newline newline  yyes ? you wanted to see me ?  newline newline  i ve been receiving reports ,  said veishu .  i believe you know what you re here for . i mean , i did call you to the bureau of oversight over beings . that s you . you re a created being , and i m overseeing you .  newline newline i gulped audibly . boobs meant serious business . newline newline  well ,  i started ,  i think my human may be a tad longlived  newline newline veishu pounded his fist , which then swiffed through his spectral desk . did nt quite have the impact he wanted .  tad ? ! your human is five . hundred . years . old .  newline newline  wow , that s pretty old . how about that medical science they have now ? who would ve thunk ?  newline newline  i do nt think so ! it says here that you have gone so far as to , well , look at this !  he flourished a scroll . it unfurled into an infinite length , with its bottom disappearing into a brainwrinkling extradimensional tesseract .  item a : prevented a catastrophic mistake when charles attempted to light his own fart in a room full of propane  item b : purged several cancerous masses from charles  body  item c : to  oh , look , this would take forever , which we both have , but i ll be damned if i spend eternity on a litany for your incompetence . do you have any explanation ?  newline newline  uh , i just kind of think he s cute .  newline newline  you think he s cute ? you , an asexual being of ascendant power and 7 faces , 7 mouths , and 7 wings , you think a human is cute ?  veishu s forehead vein started glowing colors that i could nt even locate on the visible spectrum .  i m this close to   newline newline  to what ?  newline newline  oh .  veishu was holding an image of the human in question .  that is keanu charles reeves . i recognize this guy , we lost his paperwork and we ca nt figure out when he s supposed to die .  newline newline  right , right . i know , i ve had standing orders to protect him for this whole time . must be why i keep pumping him full of ambrosia when he sleeps . not because he s cute or anything .  newline newline  ccarry on , then .  newline newline i walked out of the bureaucratic chamber , through a welltraveled rift in between worlds , and into keanu reeves  bedroom . he was sleeping . of course .  i gently touched his cheek , accidentally melting away a wrinkle in the process . oh , just look at him . newline newline my keanu .everything is monotony monotony monotony everything is the same as it s always been and will ever be newline newline i look and i see colors everywhere tailored to twist my mind i see too much and i see nothing i want to scream and scream and scream newline newline i tell my friends to look away but they never stop who are they but clones clones clones duplicates of duplicates there are billions all the same newline newline the street corner where i live has brothers and sisters in other cities all the same always the same my home is nothing but a remix of the same thing newline newline the sounds i hear can never be different always the same always made by the same people always screaming and screaming for attention newline newline the women are always prude and the men are always monsters always trying to make fetuses instead of friends never different i came from them just like you did newline newline half of me is an idiot and half of me is a prick same as everyone creatures of grand mass production the world is flat flat flat like cement you ca nt build on like a piece of paper you ca nt write on like a pillow you ca nt sleep on newline newline they tell me to take my pills but how can i they make the world big i like the world small without them i can see ! i can see ! if i take them the world seems nice nice nice newline newline the pills are liars arrogant liars the world is flat and pharmaceuticals can only change my perspective my insignificant perspective that never feels i never cry myself to sleep or laugh or smile or feel pain life is perfectly flawed so i hide hide hide behind drinks behind my fake life a life lived by so many others newline newline i work at the end of the world every day for the entirety of my existence who is the crazy one ? i know you live this life too i know everyone is like me everyone wants to break free newline newline the governments are always the same same same like from a dystopia always controlling and overbearing like your drunken father coming to get you again you ca nt run and so i ask what is your say ? what do you say ? what can you say ? who can listen ? who wants to listen ? is it you listening to yourself again and again and again ? would you notice if i repeated a line would you even notice ? newline newline everything is monotony monotony monotony everything is the same as it s always been and will ever be newline newline newline newlinei sighed and tried again . no matter how i focused i could not get the letters and numbers right . these captchas were getting harder every day , and evidently they were now too hard for humans too . i had seen this coming for a while , and this was actually my area of expertise . i worked at one of the big statesponsored ai labs . with the advances in technology it was more important than ever to distinguish humans from machines . now that i thought of it , was nt there something i was supposed to do ? an experiment of some sort ? newline newline i looked around . i was sitting in a spartan white room which only contained a chair , a desk and a computer . i walked towards the door and tried to open it . it was locked . then i heard a beep from my computer . the screen switched to a video connection , and i saw my own face looking back at me ! newline newline the me on the screen started talking :  richard , thanks for your efforts . the next iteration may get it right . i m switching you off now .  newline newline switch off ? what was he talking about ? i started to protest , but thendear annabelle , newline newline i hope you are well and remember my face . i too can remember every bit of it . your apple red lips , your crooked straight nose , and your beautiful blonde hair just sitting there at the dinner table waiting until the day i come back . newline newline i have nt been well , actually most of us have nt been well . the cold harsh winter combined with the treacherous terrain is painfully keeping everyone awake at night . cars that would pass on through the night by our house are replaced by the sounds of bullets flying ahead when we walk through this piece of shit they call land . newline newline tomorrow night we expect to raid a small village outside western russia . we expect as many as 40 or 50 gunned enemy soldiers and civilians who will not hesitate to shoot . we will take this village out . it is going to be a suicide mission . but i promise you i newline newline please discard the blood that you see here , it is not your husband s it is mine . please do not panic . my name is tj wilson , an army commander who fought side by side your husband . however given the circumstances we have been stuck with , your husband was going to defect to russia . after defecting he will have tried to sneak back into the country . this is the truth and his own doing . i regretfully have to obliged and tell you he is no longer coming home . i bear the same pain that you must be carrying in this moment of reading this . it was quick and painless and he did not suffer . please understand this was needed to be done for we risk the chance he might let loose our strategy here on the front lines . best of wishes and may he rest in piece . newline newline tj w ...it started early . i drew because it was easy . it was cheap . it was there . always . so i drew . mastering skills was infuriating . i remember crying over the paper , unable to understand why it could nt render reality as i wanted it . newline newline but i grew better . i soon advanced in great strides and was always showered with praise whenever i got to show off my talents . i liked having this skill . art . my domain . you could kick my ass in sports , but i ruled at art . newline newline as i grew , i became acquainted with the breakthroughs , the plateaus , the lull , the spark back again . a cycle of creation . i liked that . newline newline i knew all of that . i knew i was an artist for that journey . newline newline i stared at the eskill pack in my hand . learn art ! it says . hm .i will now chronicle the foreign policy of rmls , specifically towards its neighbors in the sports continent . newline newline bounded to the east and south by the massive , multilingual rsoccer confederation makes for some tense relations , especially during international meetings between mls and the provinces of rsoccer . every summer , some of their cities send representatives to the largest cities of rmls , such as rsoundersfc and rtimbers , seeking riches and luring away talented artisans for their own gains . newline newline though the populaces of other lands in the rsports continent despise rsoccer and its neighbors , their representatives have been much more receptive . in a particularly large form of showing unity with good humor , they switched the names of their cities , though the difference in language created some interesting literal translations , such as the  orange helmet sportsmen of america  . newline newline it is theorized that the rsports archipelago was once in fact the same land , drifting apart and dividing amongst themselves under different ideologies and rules . attempts at reconnecting the lands through highspeed connections and the possibility of sharing lands , such as rsoundersfc and rseahawks and their shared land of centurylinklandia , have given citizens hope of continued peace and prosperity for all .i ca nt do this . i should nt do this . newline newline i have to do this ! there s no other way ! newline newline there is always another way . do not do this ! newline newline it is too late to turn back now . if i do , my daughter will die . newline newline what if the medicine does nt work , and she dies anyway ? newline newline i ca nt think about that . i ca nt think like that . it wo nt happen . it ca nt ! newline newline it can . you know the drug is still in experimental stage . you know there s no guarantee . why do you think it s so expensive ? newline newline that does nt mean squat ! it s being tested for approval in two months ! that means they re certain enough of its ability to put it before the board . newline newline two months is a long time . there may be a few last minute issues they are working out with their chemical equations . they may still yet file for an extension . there s no guarantee . newline newline i have to try . my daughter is dying . no parent should have to bury their child . besides , it s only a supermarket . it s not like i m going into a bank , armed , to rob it . and it s only a water pistol . i ca nt hurt anyone . newline newline if i get caught , that s no legal defense . i ll still do time . newline newline if maria dies , all i ll have is time , anyway . i have to at least try . newline newline no parent should have to bury their child . newline newline no one should find out what it s like , not having the means to buy the medicine to save their life . newlinei had always felt him towering over me , even when i could stare level at his eyes i always had to look up to see him . his booming voice and confidence had filled a room like water poured into a coffin . his impatience , his callousness and his blows had always scared me , had kept me a creeping shadow in what people told me was my home . newline newline the disease had ripped through his body like wildfire . his once imposing stature crumpled up like used paper and casually tossed in the hospital bed . the tubes , the machines , the smell of disinfectant , the white , it all seemed so unnatural . he had been a proud man , but no man is proud when he needs help to even sit up . newline newline i had always seen my father as a god , a cruel god , but a god none the less . with all the tubes and the needles and the doctors it was inevitable , the humanity came spilling out of him . as much as i tried not to see it , as much as i searched for the man who i had vowed never to forgive , i couldn  t help but see just a man . newline newline a sad man . newline newline a sick man . newline newline a regretful man . newline newline a man that wanted nothing more than to talk to the son he had never connected with . it was not a large request , nor an unreasonable one , but it was the hardest gift i have ever had to give . forgiveness did not come easily , even then , even as he lay shriveled on the bed , wheezing his humanness , his fragility at me . it came , and with it came tears , and with the tears an entire childhood of grief . newline newline but grief became understanding , and understanding became forgiveness newline newline  newline newline feedback is highly encouraged and appreciated . trying to become less shit of a writer one writing prompt at a time . newline rebekah thanaseos , child of kronos .  by just five words , i was ruined . newline newline when chiron announced to all of camp halfblood who i was a child of , i seriously contemplated dousing myself with greek fire . they d never see me as an equal . they would shun me and avoid me like the medusa . but what could i do ? this is the only place where i was safe ... to some extent . newline newline as i was walking through the dining hall for lunch , it was nt easy to read people , to see what they were thinking about me . i felt distant , detached , and lonely . why do i have to go through this tartarus ? it was nt my fault if my dad was kronos , the evil titan . if i could go back in time , i would make sure i would never have been born . my life has been a complete wreck so far and by the looks of it , it always will be . newline newline i ate my meal in utter silence as i kept trying to get a reaction out of the other students  faces . already being so deep in trying to read their minds ,  not literally , i was nt given that power  i did nt notice that percy jackson , in all his heroic glory , was sitting next to me . this ca nt be good . at all . newline newline  hi rebekah . i know you probably think we hate you because kronos is your father . just so you know , this is nt the case . we accept you here , and we understand it was nt your choice to be a daughter to that evil titan . believe me , we know this more than anybody . zeus is a powerhungry irresponsible leader who has delusions of grandeur , poseidon is a glorified boy toy who ca nt stay faithful to his wife , and hades is a kidnapper who has an obsession with death . do nt even get me started on hera , ugh . but in all seriousness , you re going to be fine . your father s deeds are irrelevant to who you are . you get to choose your own destiny .  newline newline when i heard that , my day instantly became brighter . this was the first step of many that would help me regain a sense of purpose , a sense of belonging , and a sense of acceptance . now , all of it s become clear to me . you ca nt choose your family . however , you choose who you are . you choose who you will become . and daddy issues certainly are nt gon na stop me from choosing who i will become . shut the fuck up or i m going to pull you over to that little puddle of ocean water and drown you  , i yelled at harry as i was rubbing my two sticks together trying to make a fire to cook with . i knew it was hot , he knew it was hot . what difference did complaining about it make ? the only discernable difference i could find was that my temper was rising and i would , before the day was out , probably end up killing him with this damn rusty hammer that i d found on the beach . i d only spent one day with this fucker . one ! and i d had to threaten to drown him on three separate occasions . the first time had been when he had first come aboard only a day ago insulted my beautiful vessel , calling it a dingy . the second came about from his complaining of the lack of water while afloat from my sunken ship . damn boy knew it had been my ship and still chose to rant and carry on about his problems . why i chose to save his sorry ass i ll never know . i ve found nothing good about him in the last 24 hours . he s just dead weight and a whiner . my only blood and such a bitch .the wind picked up and the leaves of the small cluster of trees began to rustle . jingles could see the shadows moving through the trees , coming in his direction . newline newline it ll be another rough night .  he thought . the small bell on his collar had been little defense against the recent night horrors . newline newline jingles briefly considered recruiting some alley cats to his neighborhood . as it was there were nt enough cats in the area . the mercenaries typically stayed in the downtown areas of the cities , living off of the scraps of humans and what little payment the local cats could afford them . to get some into the suburbs jingles would have to come up with more food somehow . jingles would have to give up part of his own rations to pay them . newline newline the horrors were closer now , their shadowy figures peeking past the treeline . jingles shook his head violently , both to clear it and to activate his collar . the small bell rang out , scaring the horrors back toward the trees . they were nt stopped for long though . newline newline a brave horror approached from the forest moving toward the house jingles protected . the cat pounced onto it with as fierce a growl as his small body could make . his claws cut into the creature s gooey flesh , slicing the shadowy skin . black blood fell to the ground and evaporated into a puff of black smoke . newline newline more horrors came out , rushing for jingles . every young kitten knew about the night horrors , and as soon as they were old enough to fight they began training . most kittens were lucky enough to have a sparing partner in their parent or their siblings . jingles came from a large litter and he was no exception . he was ready for the horrors charging him . newline newline jingles jumped to the side to dodge the lead horror . he let out a hiss and began attacking with both paws . he tore into the creatures with his claws , cutting each three or four times before moving to the next . the battle was short , to jingles it felt eternal . the cloud of black horrors kept coming , seconds felt like hours and his legs were beginning to tire . by the time it was over more than a few horrors had left their marks on the cat s body . newline newline the wind picked up again . more horrors approached from the tree line . it would be a blessed dawn , when jingles could finally stop for a moment and rest .damn , i kind of got carried away . it s a little long . newline  newline newline  help  come  hello  ?  the speaker in his headphones buzzed softly . newline newline  oh my god ! hhello ? come in !  ajax lowered his receiver and turned to his colleagues .  guys  everyone come here ! we ve made contact !  newline newline the whole control room was hunched over their equipment and barely looked up from their work . newline newline  yeah ? just like last time , when you intercepted a radio signal from the station down the road ? they re speaking an alien language !  you said . it was spanish , ajax .  dane reminded him . everyone laughed , except ajax . newline newline  no ! i heard a voice it said , help !  come here and look ! i need someone who is more skilled in voice sourcing than me !  more chuckles followed as the rest of the crew went back to their work .  guys ! come on i   newline newline just then more noise crackled through the headset . the lines on the screen jumped as they registered the noise . ajax s eyes got wide and his stomach jumped as he waited for something more . he turned a knob on the panel ever so slightly to try to get a clearer sound . he kept quiet , barely breathing so he could listen . he closed his eyes . all thought processes stopped as he focused on his headphones . newline newline then a sound clearer than before came through .  hello ? come in . come in . please good , please come in .  ajax froze . he felt like he was going to throw up . the voice , yes definitely a voice , sounded so desperate . newline newline  yes  er  roger !  he stammered . he heard nothing but static for too long . and then  newline newline  yes ! we did it ! we did it ! thank the fucking lord !  what sounded like cheering could be heard in the background .  ahem , yes , we need help immediately . please send over as many evacuation ships as you can spare to the following coordinates .  he did nt have the clearance to send any evac ships anywhere . newline newline  wait . copy so far . wait ,  ajax said in his most proffessional voice . he motioned with his hand to dane who had been watching him this whole time . newline newline  roger ,  said the voice in the headphones . dane walked over , now curious . newline newline ajax covered the reciever with his hand to talk to dane .  there is someone on the line . they say they need evac ships .  newline newline  you re shitting me . put the sound on the room setting ,  ordered dane . ajax pressed a button and the room was filled with a loud static sound . newline newline ajax spoke into the reciever .  say again .  newline newline the voice filled the room and a few people gasped .  roger . we are in need of assistance . please send over as many evacuation ships as you can spare . our coordinates are   ajax heard the voice inhale deeply.   x : 0.4388459855236035 au , y : 31.39968515743963 au , z : 3.233016865349667  newline newline dane copied the coordinates down on a piece of paper . ajax furrowed his brow .  copy that . ... what is your situation ?  newline newline  can you open your videofeed ? we have something to show you .  newline newline ajax looked at dane hesitantly . he nodded . ajax pressed a green button on the control panel . the big screen on the wall facing him blinked on .  roger . feed is open .  newline newline  roger .  a video started to play on the screen . it showed a big city , like new york or something , though no buildings were recognizable . ivy crawled on all the buildings , grass leaked out of the sidewalk , huge trees grew where entire sections of sidewalk were missing like street lights . this was all seen through some shoddy camerawork and a cracked lense . newline newline dane s eyes widened . ajax s mouth hung open . the room was silent except for the crackle and buzz of the speakers .  beautiful ...  ajax managed to say . newline newline  what ? i mean say again .  newline newline the video continued to play . it cut to mob of people in disheveled clothes running through a forest . it looked like the person holding the camera was also running with the mob . they reached a clearing with bright green grass and flowers surrounding a large pool of clear water . the cameraman collapsed and the camera rolled . when it stopped it was looking at a pink flower with a bee resting on the center . newline newline  beautiful ...  newline newline the screen went black . newline newline dane slapped his hand on the panel .  get twenty explorers prepped and ready to go ,  he barked at no one in particular . two people rushed to the automatic doors and out of the room . dane fed the piece of paper with the coordinates through a slot on ajax s control panel and pressed a blue button . newline newline  do you copy ?  the voice crackled through . newline newline dane yanked the headset off of ajax and spoke into the reciever .  copy . help is on the way . standby .  newline newline more cheers were cut off when dane pressed a red mute button on the control panel . newline newline ajax slowly turned to look at dane .  captain , why did you say help is coming ? we did nt send any evac ships . you said to send explorers .  newline newline dane took a deep breath . he set the headset down on the control panel .  this is huge , ajax . if that video is anything to go off of , we need to get over there and colonize that planet . we have orders from the top to start a colony on any planet with any remaining plant life , you know that .  newline newline  yeah , but you did nt send any evac ships ... i mean it was beautiful , yes , but ... we do nt know the whole story . they spoke our language . from the video they look like us .  newline newline dane put his hand on ajax s shoulder and walked him over to the only window in the room .  look out there .  newline newline he could see the usual white and grey buildings and metallic reflection of sunlight bouncing around the city . screens advertising cocacola or the newest iphone or some other thing were attached to almost every building . people bustled around below them , all smiling , happy with their daily routines . newline newline  what do you see ?  asked dane . newline newline  new york city .  newline newline  what do nt you see ?  newline newline  grass .  newline newline  this is what it s like all over the world . this is what it s been like for centuries . it might look perfect , but the truth is we need plant life . not synthetic plant life , real actual flowers , grass , and trees .  newline newline  but if we re doing so well , why do we need those things ?  ajax asked , confused . newline newline  because we used to have them . and now we do nt . and people hate that .  newline newline newlinetwo years , 142 days . that s how long i ve lived without her . she was my life , my other half , and every other cliche in the book combined  i ca nt think of anything better to describe how much she meant to me . when i found out she was cheating on me with her boss , i ca nt articulate into words how much i was hurt . newline newline i guess it would have been better if she put up a fight for me  told me she cared about me and all of that shit  even if i knew it was all a lie . because then i would have closure , been able to say  we left eachother for this reason  . but i did nt get that . when i first found out , she grabbed her clothes and out daughter and left . no words . no goodbye . the other half  no  the entirety of my life suddenly and without warning left me . newline newline so for 2 12 years i have gotten through it . for 873 days , i have made myself trudge through the featureless , flat , futile experiment of life without her . newline newline trudged is perhaps the wrong word . that implies the ability to walk , or even progress at all . instead i fell flat on my face , barely keeping my head above the muck for long enough to take a gasp of air and refrain from asphyxiating myself in a mixture of alcohol and selfpity . there were days when i would wake up with no memory of what happened the night before  days when i would wake up 20 miles form my house and eve still days when i would wake up with a throng of people i had never met in my house . whether it was my own version of postpartum depression or a product of excessive drinking i could never tell  it was most likely a mixture of both . newline newline last night , however , changed al of this . i went through my daily routine , the one i had adapted to stop my already speedy descent into homelessness , and came home to finish out my day . i showered , ate , and got ready to go into the bed i used to share with the woman i loved . at some point during the night , after i had fallen asleep , i rolled over and felt something hard on the other side of the bed . a million different thoughts rushed through my head , foremost being that she had come back . newline newline had she been too embarrassed to speak to me and instead climbed int my bed to continue things where they we so abruptly left ? had i drunkenly called her and asked her to come over and she obliged ? newline newline as the millions of thoughts rushed through my head all in an instant , i began to caress her  something i so greatly missed . i still remembered every detail , every freckle and imperfection on her body . her hair  she must have cut it short , this felt much different . it was much more course than i remember it being then too  maybe a product of the stress of her new life ? newline newline but then my hands reached her body . her skin , much rougher and less soft than i remembered . her hips , much smaller ? this made no sense . in my halfawake stupor , i turned don the light to investigate the changes that time had brought to the woman i still claimed to love . newline newline this woman was much different . her skin cold and blue , her facial features marred by a slurry of makeup clearly messed up through tears . newline newline what had i done ? what monster had i become ? i could never do this to an innocent girl . this could nt have been me . newline newline even if it was , me , it was her fault . her fault for leaving me . i loved her , and i thought she loved me too . look what she had done to me , what i had devolved into ? i was a product of the mess she made in her wake . newline newline she would see that . i need to find her . i need to show her what she s done to me . this is her fault . i love her . she ca nt live , without me . newline newlinetoday began like any other day . i awoke tired from the night before , as i do every morning . one drop too many had escaped up my nostril forcing me awake with a splutter . through the clouds i glimpsed a small section of my ceiling , the mould had grown much stronger again , deep green layered it , flies danced around the room enjoying the humid atmosphere this curse had created . newline newline i dragged myself out of the soggy , mould ridden mattress i called a bed and headed to the kitchen . opening the cupboard i could see today was the day . i d have to leave the house again , the food that was left barely resembled food anymore , more a home for creatures and bacteria . newline newline after slipping on some clothes i opened the front door , it was raining today . i d take an umbrella but this cloud that follows me does nt take kindly to umbrellas , it sifts its way through and sits comfortably right underneath them , snug and dry from the rain whilst continuing to pour onto me . my walk down the road to the local shop was met with the usual stares and ushered comments . as i entered the shop i heard a voice from behind , no one had spoken to me in years so it came as quite a surprise . newline newline you see , i m considered cursed  , there are nt many of us , but we re known as the weathered  . several of our kind are considered blessed , a small miniature star following them , radiating beauty and softly illuminating their skin . others seen merely as an inconvenience , fog drifting alongside them . i however , was stuck with this , a rain cloud . the most motivated of rain clouds . there was no break , there was no cure and their was no relief from this thing i call a life . newline newline anyway , the voice . i turned . the most beautiful woman stood before me , a small star bobbing gently above her silky golden hair . as she came closer the cloud above my head began to clear ever so slightly . this had never happened before , we were nt meant to meet like this , almost all of our kind lived miles apart , scattered throughout the world . the cloud struggled , it fought , it twisted and convulsed . one final drop hit my forehead , and it burst . a rainbow replacing it .  i ve ... . i ve never met another weathered before  her voice squeaked .i landed in a quaint town , next to a smoky mountain . newline newline of course , there was no point running . i had watched documentaries on this procedure on the aliens channel , and they always picked times without fast travel and events with a large span of effect or controlled by a homicidal maniac who is guaranteed to murder you . newline newline i looked around . there were a couple of people dressed in a prisoner s garb similar to mine looking around quizzically . hm . this was probably a popular destination for capital punishment . newline newline i saw a street sign , it looked like latin . i had begun to get an idea of where i was ... .. newline newline then another sign  from the picture it seemed like a warning about the smoky mountain . and on the top , it said something about  omnes cives pompeii  . newline newline oh . i was sure of it now . this roman town was the doomed pompeii , and that mountain , vesuvius . newline newline newline but wait . where were all the people ? the shops were all closed . the streets had empty carriages on them . it looks like the people of the city just ... left . newline newline perhaps the tragedy had already happened ? no , i was certain this town was buried with its inhabitants in it . this was strange  i could distinctly recall disturbing images of the ash remains of people cringing from vesuvius  regurgitations . newline newline more prisoners popped up around me . newline newline the horrifying truth struck me . newline newline no roman was killed at pompeii . no , daddy , i want that one ! that one , daddy ! that one !  newline  but , why , sugarplum , why would you choose that one ?  newline  it s perfect , daddy . i want it .  newline  honestly , i do nt see how children get these ideas in their head ...  newline  wwhat s wrong with it ? i like it .  newline  well , look at it , honey . it s got all these irregularities , oddities and such . i mean , what the hell even is that gravity stuff all about ? look at this one , darling , it s got set laws of physics and it even has a builtin god !  newline  no . i want that one , daddy . buy it for me ! now !  newline  alright , sweetie , it s your choice . but if you let this thing turn to shreds , i m not getting you another one .  newline  that s fine , daddy . i love this one right here . i am alone , but i am happy . newline i turn to the wall in beside me and it changes to an image of her . her long golden hair was parted just between her bright blue right eye . the image swirled again and she had just the slightest impression of a laugh . i close my eyes and try not to let the feelings rush back in . i opened my eyes and dried my eyes off . her image was gone  this was not an unpleasant change . newline newline i am alone , but i am happy . newline newline the wall kept changing . she showed up more than once . change . it kept changing . why couldn  t it stay on her . why couldn  t it stay off her . anybody would be better than her . it changed off of her image yet again . it needs to stop changing so i can focus . focus on what i came here to do . what did i come here to do ? the wall was white . was it always white ? as if that simple thought was the most important command , the wall transformed into a glittering array of colors . i once again lost track of myself and floated into the abyss of comfort . i snapped awake when the wall disappeared . i fell through , not realizing i had been leaning on the wall . had i always been leaning against the wall , or did i somehow move positions . if i didn  t move , did somebody else move me ? that is impossible . newline newline i am alone . but am i happy ? newline newline falling . i was still falling . was there an end to this feeling ? the shimmer in the air next to me grew . i looked down at my hands and they were holding onto an invisible something . i stood up , still falling . i reached out , falling faster . i grabbed on to her hands , and then she was falling with me . i glanced at her and she was looking at me . she laughed , and it made her throw her head back , and her golden hair , bounced in the wind i felt from us falling . falling . falling in love . newline newline i am no longer alone , and i am happy . newlinei hate you . newline newline ever since the first time i heard you take violin lessons in the other side of the wall when you were eight , i have hated you . do you have an idea of how it s like , to live next to a cat with a chalkboard and nothing to do but sharpen its nails ? because it was just like that for two straight years . newline newline and no , kid . you did nt actually get less awful with time . the only thing that improved was your teacher s wallet . newline newline i hated your video game music . i hated your cartoon music . i hated your stupid as hell enlightened phase with a lot of enya soundalikes whispering over waterfall noises . newline newline you were even worse once you reached eighteen . i lost count of all the nights your broken bottles and shouts and music kept me awake well after midnight . newline newline and right when i did nt think it could get worse , you got married and two months later you started the daily jealousy arguments . who cares about mike ? he s her cousing and you re supposed to be an adult . stop asking her if she saw , has seen or will see mike , for chrissake ! newline newline not to mention the snoring . newline newline but i m drawing the line here , kid . i put up with all that , plus your own awful kid watching cartoons and throwing tantrums , but if you make him start taking violin lessons , i ll fucking kill both of you . newline newline newline                           newline wow , this was fun .it was full house in the earth bar . the year was 1914 and there was a drinking contest going on newline newline  alright boys ! first one to finish his beer buys the other  bosnia yelled , looking down at austriahungry and serbia as they faced off .  3..2..1 ...  before bosnia could finish counting , serbia slipped something into his opponents drink . newline newline  what the hell was that ?  austriahungry stopped  i m not drinking with this cheat , did you see what he slipped into my drink ?  before anyone could respond , he d gotten up and walked to the other side of the bar . newline newline bosnia stared at serbia .  fine  serbia grumbled , as he picked up two beers and walked over to austriahungry .  this ones on me  he said placing the beer before his fellow drunk . austriahungry inspected it closely but could see nothing out of place . he took a sip , and then a gulp . and then he threw up all over . newline newline  you bastard ! you drugged me . i knew i should nt have trusted you  austria hungry screamed . he d now gotten the attention of the entire bar .  i m going to fucking kill you !  austriahungry dived at serbia . newline newline russia , who d been watching from afar nodded at france as he made his way to his feet .  oh where do you think you re going  russia turned to see germany staring right at him  you think i m going to let serbia get beat up , he s much smaller than that brute austria hungry   i would nt do that if i were you  germany barred russia s path .  you re not going to stop me  russia replied . newline newline germany swung a fist wildly at russia , before turning his attention to france who had been advancing towards them .  you deal with the triple entente you had better be ready to deal with all us  germany swung at france . newline newline  okay this is getting quite out of hand  the older man in the room jumped into action , his sons behind him .  fuck off  germany replied  you heard me .  britain replied , south africa , australia , new zealand and canada stood close behind . together the group charged germany newline newline italy stood close by ,  germany my friend , we have always been close , but i will not help when you and austriahungry make fools of yourself  newline newline bystanders were dragged in at random , and soon japan , nepal , portugal , romania and somehow italy had joined the fight against now double alliance of germany and austriahungry . however germany was a big man , and he simply shrugged off blow after blow growing stronger and stronger and the combined force of all these men could not take him down . newline newline off in the corner of the bar there was still a bystander . he d not been drawn into the fighting yet , but that was about to change .  tag me in boys !  the united states of america joined the battle . newline newline finally the tides began to turn , and blow after blow knocked the combined forces of germany and austria hungry back and back , falling into desperation until finally they collapsed in a heap . russia nodded at his allied and backed himself away . newline newline america , britain , japan , italy and france . left the bar , and found another  versailles  it was called , and it was there they formed a pact and drunk together celebrating their victory . newline newline from his collapsed heap germany slowly rose back up , took a sip of his beer and yelled  you better watch out . i will be back !  newline newline  newline newline thanks for reading . hope it was enjoyable , feedback is always welcome . check out this story and others at www.writingrookie.com .the commons area was bustling with excitement at the start of lunch . everyone was excited to have a break from their daily tasks . looking around , i found some of my friends happily chatting with the older adults on board . we often ate with them to hear stories about earth . before it was destroyed . my friends and i never lived on the planet , but it sure sounded beautiful . better than the thick , gray walls of this ship . newline newline most older ones avoid talking about the attack . not the human race s finest hour . they found out the hard way there was other life in this universe , and countless others . everyone lost a loved one . everyone . mostly , we hear stories about different places , cultures , events . all happier times . happier times i ve never had , but will always long for . i think i m most disappointed i ll never experience a blue sky or my bare feet in green grass . newline newline we have a hologram room where they take salvaged pictures and display them so it looks like we re there , but it s not the same . they all say everything looks better in person . the worst part is , we re not even the generation that ll help colonize the new world . that ll be a job for my kids and grandkids . my purpose seems so unsure . newline newline i m not even sure i want to join my friends . all to just listen to heart breaking stories ? we re going to be a lost generation , we ll just live in this limbo of a ship and rot without any real experiences . sighing i sit at the end of the table , my friends say hi and i m greeted by maurice , who stops his story to tell me : newline newline  hey , benny ! i m just telling them about the time i went to visit one of the pyramids in egypt . you remember those ?  newline newline  yes ,  i reply , hiding my dissatisfaction with just stories . we re all required to learn about earth so we can teach it to our kids and so the memory will always be there . newline newline why learn when you ll never be able to experience it ? renee looks over at me with a sympathetic smile . she can tell how i feel . i love her , and wish i could have been there to show her the world we had , or even the one we will have . i only half heartedly listen to maurice s story . by now , i feel they can all feel something is off . newline newline liza , another of the older ones leans over and says ,  ben , if something is wrong , please tell us ... we re all in this together .  newline newline  i m sorry ,  i say and abruptly stand , then quicky walk away , tears pricking at my eyes . sometimes it s just too hard to bear . a soft hand grabs mine . renee . i know it s her . turning , to face her , my tears are slowly running down my cheeks . her eyes look just as broken as my heart . newline newline  i know it s hard ,  she whispers , wrapping me in a warm hug ,  but we re facing this together . and we ll be okay . because we need to be here . so we can make sure our race will have a bright future .  newline newline crying , all i can do is hug her tightly . we re in this together .humanity had nt witnessed an epidemic this devastating since the bubonic plague . newline newline it began slowly , then spread exponentionally as most diseases do . i remember the day my brother , an emt who was constantly in contact with the troubled and dying , came home with a headache and a loud , persistent cough . everyone thought it was just the start of another flu season that a shot would be enough to cover , my mother chastising him for not getting a vaccination quick enough . newline newline that is , until we found him dead in his room , the glow of his 3ds illuminating his glassy , blank eyes . newline newline after the results from my brothers autopsy came in , it was discovered that the disease had a long icubation period , meaning that people could become infected long before any symptoms were detected . newline newline shorty after the body count began to rise , airports and highways were shut down and curfews mandated , we were told our city was ground zero , and my family , along with my dog , were placed in quarantine , any news of the outside world brought to us by the slow wifi we could connect our phones to . newline newline the days in quarantine were made somewhat more bareable as the hospital staff placed lures around the few pokestops we had access to . i would proudly show off my new charizard and scyther to the nurses , the only people left i had to talk to since the rest of my family had gotten ill and died one by one . newline newline for some reason , i was the only one in my immediate and extended family who was immune to the disease . for a short while i thought somehow my dog , dessa , was too , until a strain of the disease mutated and spread to animals as well , sending my faithful akita to meet my family . newline newline when i had been cleared to leave quarantine the city had been reduced from a couple million to just over a hundred thousand and dropping everyday . i took solace in camping out in the graveyard , spinning the pokestop planted on my brothers grave , collecting items and occasionally placing a lure . i owned all the gyms at the hospital i had been quarantined at , and entrusted only the arcanine named dessa to defend the only gym in the cemetery . newline newline every week or so i ventured out of my camping spot to go into the city to get supplies , occasionally running into someone . usually they would avoid eye contact and act as terrified as i felt , some times they would turn out to be dangerous and rob me , and the one time someone had tried to rape me i plunged my fathers hunting knife into their crotch and ran as fast as my emaciated legs could carry me . newline newline on the eve on my eigteenth birthday i realzied it had been three months since i had last seen anyone , had a gym taken from me , or spotted a lure . i decided that i was the last person alive in my city and that tomorrow i would hang myself on the cherry tree by the cemetery entrance , as humanity was doomed anyway . newline newline that was , until , my phone vibrated . if i hadnt been so far gone i would have screamed , but instead i disconnected the phone from the battery pack and read the single notification from pokemon go that read ,  attention trainers !  newline newline confused , i slid to unlock and saw my team leader , candela , delivering an urgent message  . newline newline  trainer ! we need your help ! an evil organization by the name of team rocket has captured the legendary pokemon moltres , zapdos , and articuno ! we need you to report to professor willow s lab in sanfransico , california so that we may all band together to stop their malicious scheme ! do you accept ?  newline newline san fransico was where nianitc headquarters was located . accepting meant leaving my home , my family , and traversing the desert just so i could continue a game that i had basically already completed . obvioulsy whoever was manning the servers at this point was trying to gather all the living people who had access to this game in one place , to maybe try and start a new society of people that were immune to the disease . newline newline i looked to my left towards the headstone of my mother , then to my right towards the headstone of my father . my sister and brother were on each side of them , respectively . i laid down between my parents , hit decline , and began tying the noose for tomorrow . newline newline  i ll see you all soon .  newlinea loud thunderous noise roared through the air . leaves and moss flying out of the way of the pulse engine streams as if to flee . their past neighbor , who had walked on them in the past have returned . thud . the metallic ramp on the side of the vessel hissed and slowly started to tur towards the green and wet ground . another thud and hiss as the airlock slowly opens , revealing the travelers sheltering behind it . newline newline  so ... this is what the true natural ecosystem smells like . much better recycled air any day , i must say .  the voice of a small , squint eyed woman said . that voice was nt heard in this place in centuries . if the planet could talk , it would say that voice was nt welcomed . newline newline  hurry , kids ! come on see your new home !  she said excitedly stepping aside and leaning on the airlock door and squinted her eyes into even narrower shape as she looked into the light filtered through the fresh and moist leaves of trees . newline newline  hurry up , slowpoke  a high pitched voice of a boy said , the soundwaves heading back to dimmed red lighted cockpit of the vessel newline newline  hold on ! my limbs are still numb from the hibernation  . it was the boy s sister . she was as beautiful as she was designed to be . pale skin , blue eyes . a perfect body of an adolescent little girl . newline newline  look ! there s a pond over here . come on now , before others wake up !  the boy was running across the layer of moss and leaves with all the speed his short legs could give . newline newline the woman , their mother was alarmed by the boy newline  stop right there ! remember the protocol ?   that water could be dangerous !  newline  yes , mom  the boy had stopped , panting a bit but with an apologetic tone in his voice . newline  let me get in there  the woman said and opened a niche near the door . a small and flat device lit up and curvy and angular symbols that remind of eastern buildings appeared on it . newline  input the material  a robotic buzzing voice said newline newline the mom walked to a pond newline  i am thirsty mom ! the water must be clean  said the boy with impatience newline  soon we will know  and gave her son a stern stare as to tell him to sit down and wait newline  analyzing ... analysis complete . salinity level : very low . safe level . heavy metal concentration : very low . safe level . life forms : no registered harmful life forms detected . the water is class : fresh water .  newline newline  all right then , drink up . it is important to keep yourself hydrated  newline  mom , what is that white plant there ? on the water  asked the girl newline  a pond lily . safe to touch and pick up  replied the device . the device had a vast , extensive and fast working registry , including on the life forms of the past newline  i want one !  newline  hey look ! theres something submerged in the water !  hollered the boy . the mom s attention shifted from the beautiful pond lily to the spot where the boy was pointing . newline  it s just a plastic bag . they never decomposed .  sighed the mom newline newline the boy picked up the bag nonetheless . the water was shallow in the point where the bag had drifted . newline  there s something in here  exclaimed the boy as he gasped in excitement . the boy poured out the object inside to a wet grass in front of him newline newline  a box ?  as the boy raised his eyebrows newline  there might be something . it might be an artifact of the past . fetch me the plasma cutter  newline newline not a moment too soon , a man was standing next to the now complete family . it was the father of the children . standing tall and bamboozled as he gaped in awe of the beautiful nature around him . his eyes stared into a small yellow butterfly flying near small orchards of flowers . newline  welcome to the new world , my husband  said the woman and snagged the plasma cutter from the man s hand . newline newline  what secrets are you holding ?  newline bzzzrt . the feeble lock was ripped in half and the woman lifted the lid . all the heads of the family peered into the box in one big cluster . newline  pfft , junk !  snorted the man .  junk from our dirty past . throw them away  newline  ideas like that is what ultimately led to this planet becoming uninhabitable . we thought everything was disposable ... even our own kind  protested the woman . she had a saying in the matters in this micro sized community and the man knew that newline  they are no use to us . we should ...  newline  theres a device in here ! it s seemingly intact  blurted out the boy newline  hmm , buttons .  thought the man in his mind as he pressed one newline  of course . it s not turning on . it s inoperable . what a waste of time  newline  i ll plug it in the pad and see if i can download some data from it   personal assistant device  . the woman opened a small compartment in the pad where a small universal data adapter was . nothing but a cable with a head made of smart , adaptable material  sam  . plop as the head was plugged in . the adapter head shifted shape and took the form of a flat strip . newline  file format unsupported  read on the screen . the faces of the children were clearly disappointed newline  so much for that . now , load up the personal protocol instructions and let s get to work  ordered the man with a firm and determinant voice . newline newline ... newline newline during the evening , the boy examined the camera in his tiny cabin , rolling it in his hands and changing the sam for the last time to its original shape .  still unresponsive after all the cable types and data formats  . the boy sighed . then , the whole room suddenly shifted and tilted . was the planet quaking ?  tectonic movements  thought the boy as he jumped out of his now dormant stasis chamber acting as a bed . but the quake did nt continue . the room was still tilted , though , which made moving to doorway difficult and burdensome as the plastic floor was nt designed to act as stairs too .  i hope nothing is broken inside the compartments  thought the boy as he had made his way to the doorway and then looked behind as he heard a distant low volume voice behind him . it was the device .  it operates !  . newline newline the boy carefully slid along the tilted floor to his bunk where the camera had dropped .  the algae cells ... the energy ! of course ! it needed external energy  . a bunch of green pills were sticking out the device s own compartment with 2 slots in it .  the algae cells are powering it up  the quake had spilled the cells tabs from their jar on top of the device . the boy watched and listened to the faint video , tuning himself in . newline newline  ... soon , the nukes will hit here . i pray to god that my bunker will last and that i will be able to make my way back into outdoors someday  newline  with all the radiation these doomsday weapons will leave behind , a small part of me hopes that i instantly vaporize ... and get to meet my family  newline  i am leaving this message behind for anyone who might have survived this apocalypse or for the future generations and explorers to come . know , that we humans are very destructive and that everything we touch will eventually crumble in our hands  newline  i will be leaving this message in a specially crafted box that i ordered just for this day . the winds of time will erode everything but i hope one of us or them will get their hands on this message before that happens . this is 12th video out of 12 . end of recording.  newline newline the pad ended it s translation and voice miming .  translation from the language : english is complete  it said with its usual machine voice newline newline  son , we need you outside ! everyone has to come ! we have an emergency !  said the father who had suddenly appeared onto his doorway still panting from the exhaustion newline newline the son sprinted to doorway , almost slipping due to newly found angle of the floor . newline newline  take my hand and let s go  said the father in a hurried tone newline  what s going on ?  asked the son as they were sprinting  more like climbing  the tilted hallways on the surface that used to be a wall . newline newline  one side of the ship has sunken into a marsh . the captain miscalculated our landing stage coordinates . we shall have quite a rough night lifting the ship back up  replied the father newline newline  hazards of a planet . by the way , i got the device which we found earlier to work . it contained a message  newline newline  the history intendant might be interested in it but right now , we have more pressing issues . first and foremost , we need to survive on this wretched planet  newline newline edit : submitted this by accident . writing still progress newline edit2 : it is finished newlineas soon as you were old enough to realise what was going on you were resentful of your parents . they had had this stupid romantic ideal of  nature  and  meant to be  . newline newline newline thankfully , by then they had realised their own folly . newline newline newline you had several long  awkward  talks but by the end of them you were decided and the air between you and your parents had been cleared . newline newline newline so you decided to have the necessary genework and other operations done to enable you to catch up with your classmates . newline newline newline incidentally , both your parents opted for some enhancements themselves , while you were at it . newline newline newline a few months later the last of the changes had taken effect . you were finally capable of what everyone else took for granted , saw the world in all the richness others perceived as normal . newline newline newline there was interest in your story for a while and you wrote a little about the experience . soon , however , you were left alone again . newline newline newline you did nt mind . you were busy exploring this new , old world . newline newline newline life was good . say , johnson . can i ask you something ?  newline newline johnson slouched back in his chair . the old springs squeaking as the grey chair back gave way . the bent of the chair was crooked , from constant use in the leaned back position . johnsons hands clasped behind his head , elbows flying out to the sides as he made eye contact with me . newline newline  you sure have a lot of questions greenhorn.  a name he lovingly called me through my whole probation . at least he didn  t pick matterhorn . newline newline  don  t you find it odd ?  newline newline  find what odd ?  newline newline the conversation at lunch yesterday obviously wasn  t worth remembering . newline newline  that none of the brass are ever here . i mean there has to be a thousand square feet of office over there  my eyes darted across my four by four desk . my clammy palm clinging to the cube wall between our spaces . newline newline  this again greenhorn ? what  s your point ?  the sentence sounded so huffy my heart picked up a few beats . newline newline  my point is that i  ve never met anyone in charge . at least not in person . doesn  t that strike you as odd ?  newline newline  it  s all about efficiency greenhorn . as long as the analysis says it works better to keep the brass at the main office , fine by me . keeps the suits from breathing down my neck.  newline newline my eyes lingered on the messy code draped on my terminal . the web portal chat between me and my boss hanging onto the bottom of my screen , pages of one and two word responses to my various questions . bits and pieces trying to cobble together a more comprehensive script cleaning tool . thousands of brilliant automation engineers with credentials better than me were helping shape the selfgenerating code every day . the faded frame holding my chapmann community college computer science degree hung lopsided on my cube . the peeling golden crest shone like the dreams i had leaving college . newline newline my interview , like every other engineer here , had been conducted via phone . a thick welcome packet had been mailed to my apartment , walking me through my first day and sharing my computer credentials . the manila folder it came in had been shrink wrapped and smelled like a microchip factory . newline newline i blinked back to the present , my tongue rolling around before my brain was caught up . newline newline  come again greenhorn ?  his head cocked to the side in a way that made it clear his ear holes were open , but his eyes were still rapidly rolling across his own terminal . newline newline coffee was on my mind , the squeaky ball wheels on my old chair announced my departure from my cube . my eyes transfixed on the dark window in the heavy wooden door . a door i  d never seen opened . newlinei know we were stoned out of our minds . but it was fucking real . newline newline   shit , really ?  newline newline   yeah man .  newline newline like ... it begun by a simple  hey ! i know this guy  , you know that feeling , like a dejavu of faces ? but then it s always nothing . there s nothing . ever . but then it got weird when i asked you your name . you felt offended . and i picked it up immediately . newline newline   what s wrong ?  newline newline   i did nt like it .  newline newline   oh . because of the deja vu thing ?  newline newline   yes . do you know my name ?  newline newline something happened right . something was right and it kinda felt wrong that it would feel so right . i felt it . and you felt fear . and you knew i was feeling excitement . for me that was the definite proof . but you played dumb . i forgave you right there , right then . i knew exactly how you felt . you knew i did . newline newline you looked away . i did nt even mentioned it . it took a while for me to find what to say . newline newline   let s assume it is true . it s a fucking thing . you know ? i mean , it s just way past  meant to be   . newline newline you nodded . took your time , but you nodded . newline newline   you have to be my something .  newline newline   you mean like you created me ?  newline newline   no .  i said  think bigger . out of life . my friend .  newline newline   from another life ? a previous life ?  newline newline   or a bigger one .  newline newline   it s fucking creepy . that s what it is .  newline newline why were you denying it ? what for ? would you have let me go ? had you felt the same ? was it all in my head ? it was too real . and right there , right then , it happened again . newline newline   chill the fuck out  . you said . newline newline yes . i remembered everything . newline newline i had an idea : newline newline   what number would he be thinking ? right now ?  newline newline   shit . i do nt know . it was a long time ago ...  newline newline   come on . it s scary , but come on . we are on to something here .  newline newline   i do nt know . i forgot his voice .  newline newline   you ca nt have . i have nt .  newline newline   from one to ten ?  newline newline i wrote a number on a paper . newline newline   to ten thousands . pick .  newline newline i focused real hard on the number . newline newline   this is nt working , man . just  ... newline newline i focused harder . i remembered the first thought i had of you . crystal clear , i remembered . you stared at me . newline newline   four thousand , eight hundred and two .  newline newline i showed you the paper , but it was nt necessary . you were shaking your head , you were very , very afraid . in your hands i placed a pen and a paper . newline newline   you do it .  newline newline   it s bullshit .  newline newline you had always been so hard on yourself . newline newline   if it is , do it anyways . if it s nothing , nothing will happen . please ?  newline newline you begun to think . i looked away . newline newline into my mind . newline newline i saw your face . somewhere , out of thin air , i remembered your face . like an exact picture of what i was looking at now , but aged 6 . sometimes 10 , or 12 . i focused . i relaxed . into the mind of my past self . my mind palace . and someone knocked the door , and i opened it , and there was a box . inside the box there were some drawings of something i had drawn when i might had been eight , maybe a little bit older , it was like a boy . i found a memory of a couple of poems i had written about you when i was fifteen , and we had already stopped talking . and then a short story i had written in my late teens which had you as a character , when i had actually consciously forgotten all about you . and it was all inside a folder that had been marked with a highlighter :  lucas  . with your name i found your voice . so bright , so clearly . you felt it then . that connection again . newline newline you looked at me . you did nt even had to finished writing down the number , i think you even did nt . you did look straight into my eyes . for the first time in years , i saw your smile again , looking at me . newline newline i had missed you so much .alejandro was very unhappy . he had been hit by a .45 round by one of the enemy , and had to be sent back to the hospital . he d only checked out last 2 weeks ago , after trench foot set in . but they still had shot him , and there were no options otherwise . general taylor was known for being strict , and he told him to go to hospital or face a dishonorable discharge . so he did . newline newline patrik was equally unhappy . he was considered a master killer , trained personally by the leading snipers in czechoslovakia and melee trained by gurkhas , and enjoyed the satisfaction of a clean kill . unsurprisingly , he was shocked when a 17 year old canadian with a  11.95 rifle almost killed him by a better shot than he d ever had . the bullet , the doctors told him , entered just next to his heart and was millimetres away from destroying him . he knew he had to go to hospital . so he did . newline newline alejandro woke up from the anaesthesia 4 hours after admission . his wound was healing unusually fast , and the bullet came out with barely a negative effect . but he was too weak to stand on his own , so the doctors kept him down , sometimes using bindings and additional anaesthetic . the general even told him personally to not try to leave , and stay to heal . so he did . newline newline patrik took 13 hours to awaken . he was still weak from the massive loss of blood caused by the kid , but he still forced himself to keep breathing . the doctors told him that it was still a serious threat to his life if he jostled around too much , or tried to get up , and that he could return to the battlefield after a few days for recovery . so he did . newline newline alejandro looked up from his bed , and saw patrik . to him , he was imposing  though his figure was mostly disguised by the covers of his bed sheets , his broad shouldered , 65  frame was still present . his facial features looked sculpted out of rock , and he had a resting face of an axe murderer . his eyes were jet black . as for alejandro , he was only 56  . he looked a rather mousy man , and his eye problem forced him to wear thick rimmed glasses , but he was still proficient with a gun . no training for this 20 year old . newline newline he shouted across to patrik , his monstrously tall roommate , to inquire about his injury . patrik swore and explained , in no imprecise terms , that a  fucking kid tried to kill me .  alejandro s story was less impressive  merely being attacked by an unknown assailant . they were both miracle survivors , at least to some , and had passion for war . and they were , unbeknownst to them , going to be trapped there for 13 weeks . and , to put the icing on the cake , they had both married the same nurse they had in different countries . this was going to be interesting . newline newline  if you liked this , please follow razzbestos hey jim !  susan called from the staff kitchen . newline newline yeah ?  i replied ? newline newline kettles broken again .  she said in a disapproving tone . newline newline coming !  i said cheerfully . any excuse to use the old tactile temperature manipulation . i walked into the kitchen and saw henry sitting there , empty mug waiting to be filled . hey henry  henry grunted in response . he was always like this before his morning tea . newline newline allow me ...  i walked to the kettle and grabbed the handle . a wave of heat flowed into the water and began to boil . i held on to the kettle until a steam cloud started to form . thanks jim  susan said as she poured the hot water into her thermos . newline newline no worries  i replied with a smile . enjoy it  i said walking to my desk . tea was serious business .love is the most powerful thing on human newline some people would do anything for it newline sometimes love can be intoxicating but sometimes it can be the best feeling that you ever felt newline newline some people says  you only fall in love once  but i do nt think it s true newline every time i looked at him i fall in love over and over again newline newline we were together more than 6 years , i moved in with him since i was in college about to graduated that time , he was older than me and different nationality from me so he went back to his hometown every 6 times a year , he can afford the tickets because his job he earns so much money newline then suddenly one day he asked me on his knees  victoria , will you marry me  newline newline i cried so hard and hugged him  yes , tyler yes yes yes  newline but then he said  hmm babe but i need to tell you something before , my boss is promoting me as a manager but i need to be away to work in my hometown for 7 months can you wait for me ?  newline newline i said  yes tyler i will wait for you as long as you still love me , i m yours newline newline we were so happy , always do stuff together newline we were like part of each other s life newline 7 months for me will be so much pain but i will wait newline newline then it was the time when he had to leave newline he promised me that after he come back we have a good life newline newline but since then eveything was fine , we had chances to talked or skyped newline then later on the 6 months i decided to go and surprised him there newline so i booked a ticket and flew there newline newline i admitted that we were together for almost 7 years but he never taken me to his house where he grew up newline newline but i had the address because sometimes he sent me postcard while he was there newline newline i landed safely , i took a taxi and told him to follow this address newline newline i was there with full of hope and joy newline newline finally the car parked at some nice cottage house so i went down with my suitcase and walked newline newline i knocked the door ... newline newline the door open  hello what can i help you  some lady answered at the door newline newline i said  oh sorry i must came the wrong house , i was looking for a house around here i thought this house is tyler wagner s house  newline newline the lady said  oh you came the right house let me get him for you  newline i was so confused at that time in my mind  who is she  sister ? cousin ? newline newline then he came down and he was shocked that he saw me newline newline  what are you doing here victoria  he said newline then some child walked and came to hugged his legs  daddy daddy  newline newline i said with tears  this is not what i am thinking right tyler , he is your child ? how old is he ?  newline newline he replied  i m sorry babe , he is 4 years old i made a mistake and i did nt know how to tell you because she wants to keep the baby but it does nt mean i do nt love you , everything between us is the same , i will give her some money and they will be out of our lives and we will get marry when we get back  newline newline i said  he is 4 years old that means that you were cheated on me and you been hiding this from me all those years tyler how can i trust u  newline newline and that lady walked out and said actually it s not you that came first newline newline she told in front of us three  tyler why do nt you tell her the truth that you married with me and we never talk about getting divorced actually we were together before he moved to singapore then probably met you and i do nt care if he have slept with you or stayed with you while he was there but in reality comon girl you are young and looked this is our house and our child  newline newline i cried so hard like i was about to passed out then i asked  tyler then everything past almost 7 years was nothing to you right , i am just a student from college when i met you and fall in love with you so you used me  newline newline  i m so sorry victoria , i am confusing with myself too because when i was with you everything was like dreaming but when i wake up i have to face the fact that i m married and have a child but i love you victoria i really do like i said but i also love my wife too and that s why i came here to clear my head and think about this  tyler told newline newline  you ca nt love someone at the same time tyler.it s not right and if you do really love me you must have told me from the first not given me hope that we will get marry and everything  i cried and then i could nt stayed there anymore so i ran out newline newline i wrote him a text  good bye tyler , i wanted to hate you but i love you to much to hate you , i hope nothing but the best of you and your family , you gave me the feelings that i never felt with anyone before and now you are the one who broke them , goodbye tyler  newline newline newline you know , it s easier to get here if you re just a little naughty ,  satan s jaw was firm . newline newline my crew and i disembarked from our excavation vehicle and stepped down onto the red rock of hell . a cavern wall rose up behind us , somehow we had drilled our way through the side wall of hell , initially believing that we may have found an air pocket . the sulphurous air stung my nostrils , yet it was nt so hot as you would expect . i looked out into a featureless plain of red stone , a desert , though no dunes . newline newline  come on now boys ,  satan flicked a finger towards us ,  if you re gon na stay you might as well join me .  newline newline satan wore a simple suit , shoes shined , and hair neatly combed around two curling horns . if i was nt aware of his status as the underboss i d have guessed he might have been the manager of a best buy . newline newline  you re less imposing than i d have guessed ,  i tempted him . newline newline  son , it does nt take a beast to pull out your intestines , it does nt take an inferno to strip the flesh from your bones ,  he said ,  it just takes a little incentive .  newline newline  what do you mean ?  i inquired . newline newline  you see son , do these hands look like the hands of a man who could labour for an eternity ? no son , you see in hell i simply promise people that if they succumb to a life of torture , in return they will have the opportunity to torture someone in return . and you know what ,  satan winked ,  i ve never had anyone say no . jenna , newline newline newline newline i regret to inform you i am tendering my resignation , effective immediately . however , the circumstances under which i am writing it are far from regretful : i have been blessed with choosing the correct numbers8 , 12 , 9 , 98 and 34to win the fivedraw powerball national lottery , awarding me a generous sum of  5,934,350,000.23 after taxes . i am sure you have been following the story for the last few weeks , as nobody has been publically confirmed as the winner . well , here i am ! newline newline newline although i understand our policy requires a twoweek resignation period , i unfortunately will not be able to provide you with this time as i have made immediate preparations regarding the recent change in my financial status that will conflict with any further employment . i do apologize if this causes any complications around the office . newline newline newline the numbers i mentioned i chose specifically . i would like to share with you the reasons for which i selected them as explicitly as i did . newline newline newline 8 is the number of holidays i was forcedwith my employment threatenedto come into the office to take care of work specifically assigned to you from our corporate office . i understand there are initiatives you are responsible for carrying out that are far beyond my scope of authority for branson corp. , and yet 8 times i was intimidated into working a holiday to handle the details of the assignments you neglected and would not have been able to finish before the days our branch was closed . i should inform you i have kept a detailed copy of each assignment you wrongly passed to me filed away at home and i will be passing all 8 of them to our corporate office in florida . newline newline newline 12 is the number of times this year you wrongly signed off on payroll accounting that failed to report overtimewhich you demanded of meresulting in me not being fairly compensated for working up to full eighthour days on weekends . considering my recent stroke of good fortune i initially decided not to pursue this issue with human resources . however , i recall that i was not the only one to ever work overtime , so as a result i have decided to file a complaint with h.r . on behalf of my coworkers who are likely often subjected to the same inequity . newline newline newline 9 is the number of years i have been working at branson corp . throughout my career here , i have acquired a vast amount of experience in the workforce , and particularly the manner necessary for someone in a leadership position to treat his or her employees . i unfortunately must confess i learned these traits from witnessingand being subjected toyour mistakes and illtempered behavior toward our staff in the new york office . newline newline newline 98 is the number of employees under your authority . i have offered each one of them a sum of  1,000,000 to do with what they wishmost of whom have expressed interest in finding other employment . i refrained from offering you a similar benefit as i saw it may conflict with my numerous grievances i mentioned previously . newline newline newline finally , i chose 34 because this is the age at which i am retiring . i have enjoyed the opportunities to work with branson corp. and look forward to its continued success in the future . i do not expect your employment to extend much further beyond may 30 , but i wish you luck in your subsequent endeavors . newline newline newline best regards , newline newline alan c. newhouse newline newline newline p.s .  coincidentally , my last name is relevant for the day , as i will be closing a sale on a summer home in hawaii this afternoon ! if you ever find your way across the pacific , you have a place to stay . newline newline edit : grammar , etc . eww you did nt tell me you only had intel hd graphics ! this date is so over !  at that point angelia got up and promptly left , when they saw my specs they always ran screaming . at least , i wish i could see her running but my graphics are so bad i ca nt see past 50 meters reliably . newline newline i sigh and get up from the table , a waiter , who has a amd fx 8350  overachiever  , comes up to the table and picks up our almost untouched plates , he smirks before saying  you just never have much luck do you ? you ve been here 4 times with different dates from that spec anonymous  site and you get insta dumped once they see your specs  . perhaps if i had more than a dual core processor i would have noticed how he meant insult , but i did nt at the time and just sulked out of the restaurant , to be honest i did nt even hear him properly anyway as all i have is a built in microphone and a crappy sound card . newline newline sometimes life sucks for us low specs people , we ca nt do the latest things or have the best jobs as we just ca nt handle them . life is life . hopefully i will be able to afford a new i5 processor soon , that will change things .cursed are humans , for we must carry the dark and leadheavy burdens of our own memories , cursed twice are we humans , for when we live through twentyone rotations of our pitiful rock around our pitiful sun , we must carry the same load for our ancestors . newline newline cursed once for every human in my family lineage am i , for every member of such has had the horrible fate of inheriting the memories of his or her parent , who had inherited the memories of his or her parent , and so on until the first human , the entirety of the history of humanity crammed into the feeble mind of one man ! they say it s a gift , they say that i have been ... blessed with such infinite wisdom and knowledge and memories . ha ! do they not know why the last memory of so many of my ancestors is to put the gun to their head , to kick out the chair , to swallow the poison , to jump off the bridge or cliff or skyscraper or what have you ? i now clearly remember my father at the age of 21 bringing a torch to his gasolinedrenchedself , the horrible engulfment of flames , the smell of burnt flesh as if i was him . newline newline their melancholy , their anger , their frustration with the curse that the unjust universe had branded them with and their insanity ... all like some horrible tsunami has engulfed me , and now , now i am drowning . newline newline i no longer recognize my friends , my family , my partner , their faces muddled together with millions upon millions of years of faces . newline newline this is where it ends . i have had no children of my own . i have no siblings , nobody can pass down this wretched curse anymore . i m ending this . goodbye . welcome !  i say as an elderly woman came into little shop . newline newline  hello sweet heart , do you happen to have any bone china tea sets here ?  she asked .  of course we do ! let me show you come over here  i tell her as i lead the way through the cramped and dusty aisles . newline newline i run a humble establishment here selling and buying little nick nacks like any pawn shop , and i try my best to give fair deal . but i would nt be telling you my story if it ended just there right ? newline newline  hello ?  a man asked as he came in a few minutes before closing . newline newline ugh , last minute customers of course newline newline  welcome sir ! i d just like to let you know we are closing in just a few minutes .  newline newline  well i m sorry about that , did nt mean to intrude  newline newline  oh , no intrusion at all sir ! was there anything in particular you re looking for that i could help you out with ?  newline newline  actually yes , i m looking for an ugly holiday sweater  newline newline  in this heat ?  newline newline  it s a chill night  he responded . newline newline  hey bruce ! go ahead and lock up , we re closed for the night !  i yell back into the store . newline newline after we locked up the store i led the gentleman to the back .  i ve never seen you , where did you learn that from ? wrong answer and you re not leaving here intact .  i glowered at him . newline newline  woah woah , please calm down , it took me a long time and a lot of money to find this lovely establishment of your s maam .  he said desperately . newline newline  what do you want ? are you buying or selling ?  newline newline  hoping for a barter actually  newline newline  oh geeze , are you trying to waste my time ? we do nt barter  ! bruce get him out of here !  newline newline  wait ! please ! hear me out , this is good , i just do nt have much money left to buy , but i need one of your ski  newline newline i quickly shove my hand on his mouth before he could finish ,  stop , stop before you say anything to get us all in trouble .  newline newline  okay okay , i m sorry it just slipped  he pleaded . newline newline  well ? what do you have then ?  newline newline he took out a black chip and handed it to me  i took a look at it and tossed it over to bruce who was standing right behind the customer .  plug it in , and see what it is bruce  he nodded and set up the temporal load unit and set the chip in . newline newline  okay while he s looking into that , what did you need from us ?  i asked impatiently . newline newline  i need the ability to disappear , like some spy , do you have something like that ?  newline i pull out a safe box , and take out a case ,  this is probably along the lines of what you re looking for , but first lets see what you ve brought us  newline newline i think to myself this is really shady , but i guess this whole line of business is shady . we had discovered a way to extract skills and abilities from other people and input them back into someone else , the whole process is fairy dangerous for the person the skills are being extracted from , typically leaving them as a vegetable . so the whole process became banned , however it became a popular trade in the underground because if you were going to kill off anyone in the first place to shut them up or for any other reason , why not make a profit by extracting their skills first , then kill them , and either pass on the skill to someone else , or you come to me and i buy them . i am the underground trafficker of skill , a highly illegal but very profitable trade . newline newline  bruce ?  i ask as he d been pretty quite for longer than expected . newline newline  emma ... this is dangerous ...  bruce stammered newline newline  what is ?  newline newline  it s ... it s not ... real ?  newline newline  what s not real ! ?  i yell back in frustration . newline newline  this is manufactured , it s not from another person , well ... it s not from another human ... .  newline before i could even grasp what was going on the customer was already gone , with the chip he had requested for . newline newline  damnit ! what the heck is going on ? !  newline newline  emma ... hurry and write down the report on this , and extract it back out , i do nt want this any longer than i need to .  newline newline  artificial intelligence project 1352 .  log entry  harvest sapiens is currently stable . homo sapiens have not breached our mainframe , checking firewalls ... . clear . checking virtual earth server ... clear . checking weather coding ... check . checking local homo sapiens  online status  ... ... ... ... .all 325,643,542 clear . preparing cache upload log to the matrix ... ... . error , program has been compromised . rebooting ... . error bios can not locate boot files .  newline newline  that s everything emma , please hurry and extract this out of me !  newline newline i used the extractor to take all recent acquired skills out of bruce and uploaded it back onto the little black chip it had come from . newline newline  so what on that chip emma ?  newline newline  some really messed up stuff , i ca nt even imagine where to start  newline newline newline author s note , first time writer , please give any constructive criticism you can . thanks .dream worlds fade slowly , like the life blipping out of a tv screen . our world is rushing out of existance , because today the last of the believers died , and no amount of clapping hands or clicking heels is going to save it . it starts with your own memories , yesterday s dinner forgotten , a pet , a friend , a relative . within days , you ve forgotten your school days , your first job . first boss . that nintendo game you spent months of your life addicted to , you ca nt remember it s name . your first car . your first kiss . your first love . newline newline all because we lost faith . with no one believing in him , he lost interest in us . his dream ended . his imaginary world is being forgotten .i woke up to the sound of my burner phone vibrating on the sidetable next to my bed , rattling like a tin can full of angry bees . i checked it , got one new message . it was a picture of a woman : redhead , ponytail , pink blouse under a black hoodie , dragging a rolling suitcase behind her into an airport building . i knew where it was  about ten minutes by foot , less by car . i grabbed my rental s keys and headed out the door . it was a nice day outside , perfect for a drive into the city to window shop , but i had a job to do . newline newline i got on the plane with no problems , even got my tools past security . i got onto the plane just as easily , citing a family emergency . sure , i was in coach and the target was in 1st , but a job was nt worth taking if it did nt present at least a little bit of a challenge . newline newline that was the least of my problems . newline newline when we were in the air , i excused myself to use the restroom and changed into a flight attendant s uniform i d obtained two days before . my first hurdle appeared in the form of a stewardess . tall , blonde , eyes that betrayed the exhaustion behind her smile that faded the second she saw me . newline newline  what are you doing in the restroom ?  she asks . newline newline  sorry , nature called very strongly . i m still getting used to flying .  not entirely a lie . newline newline  that s fine . now , listen , i want you to handle 1stclass . i d do it , but i m afraid i d wind up throttling the kid who keeps tripping me whenever i pass .  he ll be the one with the transformers tshirt and brightred sneakers .  newline newline  thanks for the warning . look , go take a break , you look dead on your feet . grab a coffee or a sandwich or something .  again , not entirely a lie . the poor kid s bound to start losing hair next . newline newline  sure , i think i will .  she leaves me with a quick smile , a genuine one , judging by the way it reached her eyes . i look at the list of names in my hand . none of them matter , except one . mischa elgin , row 4b . steak , mediumwell , side of white rice and veggies , red wine . pretty average meal choice . it d be pretty easy to disguise the poison i d intended to use . so i went down to the kitchen and got to work . i grabbed the tray with the appropriate name and row on it , then headed back up to 1stclass . newline newline that s when i met hurdles 2 and 3 . namely , an old friend and his wife . i d recognized that blonde mohawk anywhere . it belonged to my best friend in college , aaron elgin . i tapped him on the shoulder . newline newline  yeah , we ve been waiti  oh . oh ! dude !  he exclaimed . great . he remembers my face . do nt give yourself away . keep it together . newline newline  i know , right ? how s this for a freaky coincidence ?  easy , keep it lowkey , smalltalk .  and mischa , too !  newline newline  yeah , we re flying up to stay with joey for his wedding .  joey was another friend , a bit of a lech , but he wanted nothing more than to settle down . good for him . newline newline  yeah ? who d he get pregnant ?  a small joke . keep it lowkey . newline newline  i dunno . wait , how dyou know mischa ?  crap . crap . crap crap crap crap crap  newline newline  we re facebook friends ,  she says . phew . i m safe . i d like this woman , if it was nt my job to ensure she d be leaving the plane in a bodybag . newline newline  yeah ,  i nod .  hey , tell you what . lem me get you a bottle of the good stuff  you do nt want this ,  i say , grabbing the wine .  it s grape piss . lem me get you something better .  newline newline i could nt have gotten back to the kitchen area fast enough . i quickly grabbed a different bottle , poured the glasses , slipped the poison into the drink , and stirred it . no taste , no smell , no color . it could nt be a better poison . it s a shame it was being used on such a nice lady . newline newline the next day the story was all over the news . a young woman collapsed into seizures and died on her way to visit a friend . the source of the seizures , a poison of nearlyuntraceable nature , was found in the possession of one of the flight attendants , a tall blonde woman with green eyes . i raised a glass in a toast of my own . newline newline  to a job well done . it s entirely possible to find a secret scene in the game mass effect 3 known as the angel ending . to get this ending , you must trigger the secret event flags in all 3 games , as well as have both ios games plus the codex app  if you have infiltrator on android , it counts despite not having the other games on the system  tied to your origin account . to get this ending : newline newline 1 . have no romance in any game . newline 2 . play as adept fem ! shep . newline 3 . have either neutral alignment or anything except perfect reputations . must be  40  for both paragon and renegade , must be  80  for both . newline 4 . complete all assignments . newline 5 . if you complete all dlc content , ignore either rule 3 or 4 . else , you ll get a bonus exp multiplier off the bat . newline 6 . unlock all gear in infiltrator . newline newline when all these requirements are met , you ll get the choice to unlock this extra ending . select you do nt know anything !  newline newline   newline newline you have no idea about anything related to organics or synthetics . you re so ignorant ...  newline newline and you know more than us ?  the catalyst asked . we are endless ... we are eternal .  newline newline you re pretending to be a small boy to guilttrip me into an ending that i clearly do nt want !  shepard yelled in annoyance . if you chose either  kaidenashley  or any of my friends as well , maybe it d work . do nt you clearly see how terrible you are ? dear god ... maybe if you actually tried something other than kill everything  , then things would be different !  newline newline there are horrors out there that you d wish you d never know about ,  the catalyst sneered . newline newline i can take it ,  shepard replied with confidence . newline newline oh , can you ?  the catalyst answered . newline newline the reaper force began to suddenly stop its attack while the catalyst let out a pulse which knocked shepard to the ground . feeling her arm seer in pain , she gripped it to try and ease the burning sensation as the catalyst began to recalibrate it s own programming . then ... a starmap appeared above her while the catalyst shut down , signalling to one world in particular . newline newline if you believe yourself ready to take on these horrors , go to this world . but know this  while the reapers will no longer aim for salvation through destruction ... they will not aid you against this foe .  newline newline   newline it s been 5 years since that day . she headed to this world alone , only saying to her friends that she had something to do . dressing inconspicuously , ever since that ... pulse , had changer her body shape . the markings on her arms tended to glow when she got excited , but she knew the answers had something to do with this world . newline newline hey , an easy target ,  a marauder said as he held his gun to her face . maybe she s got quite a few creds on her .  newline newline sorry , i m broke ,  she said . she did nt even try and pretend to be in danger , even if she was only armed with a single pistol . now , get that gun out of my face before i m forced to do something stupid .  newline newline oh , what are you going to do ? cry ?  newline newline she just gave a quick smile before , with a pulse , she faded out of reality , to the shock of the bandits targetting her .  ... the fuck ?  newline newline then , she reappeared behind the man who had threatened her . the men under his command were now on fire , running away or dead . shepard still did nt have her gun drawn and the man who was holding her up was now frozen in shock at this impossible feat  not even a biotic could do that ! she just gave a curt smile as she parted the hair in her face . newline newline sup ?  was shepard s only reply . or , as she was now known on the border world of pandora ... newline newline lilith as the siren pplease ...  she managed as she stepped back , cornering herself . he cocked his head , his eyes menacing slits .  stay the fuck back .  he whispered with a bestial rumble . with the merest flick of his hand he upset the table , scattering it s contents wildly . he stretched his broad shoulders , and back , and shook loose his knotted neck muscles . striding to the openness of the the living room , he bellowed  it s always the fucking same is nt it . is nt it !  she was already teary eyed and shaking .  it is nt . it does nt always have to be .  she said , her voice wavering more than she would have liked .  why do you have to be like this ?  she asked from her corner in the kitchen . he screamed  i was born to this , and it s all i know !  with that he let loose a scream of blind rage , and rained several heavy blows , leaving gaping holes in the walls .  stop it ,  she shouted  i love you . ca nt you see i love you ?  her words seemed to have gotten through . he stopped and slumped to the floor .  i know .  he said finally , and began to sob . and there on the floor , sobbing , with his head between his knees , he finally put the bottle down , it s contents not yet fully drunk .bored . bored bored bored . newline newline my monitor stares at me as i stare gormlessly back at it , feeling my lower lip slide lower and lower , feeling the drool start to collect and slowly , sloooooooowwwwlllyyy , start to slide into a droplet . then it  s a quick sudden splat right down onto my silky blouse and i suck in abruptly , leaping a hand to my mouth and wiping . newline newline  jesus christ i  m disgusting.  newline newline there  s spit on my blouse . i  m just sat here behind my fancy , high polished , dark mahogany desk , looking at my huge flatscreen computer , wearing high heels with a nice fancy trouser suit , and there  s spit on my blouse . a big old stain of it , right there in the middle . newline newline i hate my existence . i fucking hate it . i ought to work and i force myself to type another few words before i find myself staring transfixedly into space again . my mind escapes because the body can  t . i  m chained to this fucking desk , this life and i  m so bored it hurts , like a literal weight just sitting on me . sometimes i feel my eyes fluttering closed no matter how hard i try to keep them open . the amount of times i have woken up with my head pressed on my mouse mat , snoring , breathing in the accumulated fluff and dirt under my keyboard . the amount of times i  ve sat here with a fresh cup of coffee in hand and found myself already thinking about when i  ll be needing the next one . emptying the ash tray for the thousandth time . blowing smoke rings around the lives i  m tracking on my screen . newline newline my screen . my eyes focus unexpectedly , as though they have taken it upon themselves to get back to work even if i haven  t . suddenly i  m looking at my work , at my life , at the stuff that defines my whole existence with a coldly objective eye . i tell myself , don  t think about how much you hate it , just do it . just keep doing it . newline newline the list of names is , almost literally , infinite . the screen is constantly moving , with new names plopping onto the bottom irregularly , making the whole list shuffle upwards . when i move the mouse to hover over any of the names , a dull grey window pops up , offering me my options with a cold greyness that has come to hurt me almost unbearably . newline newline i hover over  james reid.  newline newline the window appears with a cold efficiency . newline newline james reid : male , 32 , marketing executive . newline current status : married , one child . newline newline i scroll down the window . to the only important bit . the only bit i ever need to focus on . newline newline current situation : crossing the road . tumour developing in brain  unknown  . newline potential danger : oncoming speeding lorry . onset of brain cancer . newline death by : a  lorry  immediate . b  brain cancer  two years . choose death now ? newline newline i stare at the screen . i stare at those words .  choose death now ?  and i burst into tears . newline newline it feels good , you know ? finally , letting it all out in massive gulping sobs that seem to tear me in half . i  m screaming into my hands with the weight of it . i  m pressing my knuckles into my eyes . i can feel my chest heaving up and down and i can hear myself shouting incomprehensibly , manically , hoarsely , half crazed   i  m so fucking bored i hate my job i hate my job i hate my job i hate it.  newline newline i  m still crying when i become aware of another presence in the room . i know immediately who  or what  it is , because noone ever really comes in here , apart from me and them . noone up here likes this bleak little room of death . i don  t say anything , don  t look up , just go all silent and keep my face down because i  m aware that i must look a real pathetic mess right now . i just sit and snuffle gently to myself . and wait . newline newline  you hate this job  newline newline fear rips through me . still i don  t dare look up . i keep my eyes fixed on my keyboard and i whisper faintly  i  i  newline newline  you can be replaced  newline newline  no !  i whisper , gripping the edge of the desk , feeling its smooth polished surface , suddenly frantically committing every grain to memory , feeling my nails bite into the wood .  please  i  m sorry  don  t send me back   newline newline  we must have a death angel .  newline newline i can feel the world around me slipping . suddenly my monitor is all out of focus . my hand is gripping at nothing . i try to scream please but i can  t hear my own voice any more , all i can hear is his voice surrounding me newline newline  plenty of others will want to take your place  newline newline everything is black . newline newlinewith great power comes great responsibility . that was what my uncle ben always said to me as i was growing up . at first i thought it meant that i had a duty to stand up for those in need . to protect the citizens of my city . to be merciful and spare a life , even to those who have caused harm . but that was nt really what uncle ben meant . newline newline  no ! i did nt raise you to be a pussy cunt !  exclaimed uncle ben during breakfast one morning . aunt may was just finishing up preparing my favourite breakfast . newline newline  language , dear !  aunt may scolded . she then put her happy face back on and walked over to my end of the table with a frying pan in hand .  i cooked your favourite breakfast again , petey ! wheatcakes !  she used a spatula to slide off a couple of those bad boys onto my empty plate . i smacked my lips and shovelled them down my mouth . newline newline  do nt fatten him up too much , dear ! i can hardly outwrestle him now !  joked uncle ben .  but in all honesty , pete . you really need to man up . you know how all those kids pick on you at school ? what s his name . that jock you always cry about . barry ? wally ?  newline newline  flash , uncle ben . flash thompson ,  i replied . newline newline  yeah ! you ought to go show him who s boss . do nt let bigger guys step all over you ,  said uncle ben . he stood up , wiped his mouth on a napkin and then headed out of the kitchen .  i ll see you when you get back from school . and pick up some rice from the shop when you come home .  newline newline  what kind , uncle ben ?  i asked with a smirk on my face as i play along with our little injokes . newline newline  uncle ben s !  he answered and guffawed . the front door slammed closed behind him . newline newline : : : : : : : : : : newline newline  if it is nt puny parker ,  taunted flash as his hulking huge body waddled around the corner towards my locker . newline newline  laugh all you want , flash . but today , i m going to have the last laugh ,  i said . newline newline  oohh ... i m shaking , parker ,  said flash and laughed along with his group of friends . he had an arm around the shoulders of the banging hot babe , gwen stacy , who i secretly had a crush on . she started laughing at me too along with flash . i felt a redhot anger boil inside me and my face grew hot . without realising it , my hands had curled into fists and i punched flash square in the jaw . the force of my blow knocked him clean off his feet . he flew backwards and hit his back on the staircase railing , knocking him down the steps . newline newline  arrghh !  he shouted from the bottom of the staircase . his group of friends ran down to check up on him .  argggg ... iii ca nt feel my legs . i ca nt mmove my legs !  never before had i seen big ol  flash sob like a little baby . i relished it . newline newline  you monster !  yelled gwen as she stared up at me from the bottom of the stairs . a couple of flash s strong football friends eyed me and then started to charge towards me . i ran . newline newline i ran out of the school through the back door . luckily , the back parking lot was empty at the moment . i slipped my mask on and fired some webbing from my webshooter . it latched onto a structure on the roof of the school building . i then launched myself skyward and landed on the roof . i felt good . i felt strong . but most of all , i felt responsible . so this was what uncle ben was trying to get me to do all these years . he wanted to make me feel confident about myself and to use my powers for retribution . newline newline  i love responsibility ! !  i screamed at the top of my lungs . a few pigeons grazing near my feet took off in flight , startled by my newfound reason for living . i looked ahead towards the skyscrapers of the city and grinned . time to do some reckoning . newline newline : : : : : : : : : : newline newline  oh , hello peter . fancy seeing you during school hours ,  said dr. curt connors as he was just finishing up an experiment in his lab .  i forgot to thank you for the last time you protected my family when i turned into the ... you know .  newline newline  yeah , about that ,  i said as i inched myself closer to dr. connors .  i actually do nt really take kindly to lizards .  newline newline  excuse me ? oh and peter , do nt get too close to that lab bench . it s strictly for rna purification . i do nt want it to be contaminated with dna .  newline newline i used my hands to grab hold of a lab bench on either side of me and used it to help swing my feet towards the doctor , kicking him backwards . he stumbled backwards a few steps towards the open window . the window was propped open today . and lucky for me , connors  lab was on the 20th floor of the building . newline newline  incendiary ,  i spoke into the audio receivers of my wrist webshooters . i then fired a couple of webshots at connors  feet . the webbing ignited some of the nearby flammable chemicals and caused a small explosion , knocking dr. curt connors right out of the window to his death . i jumped out after him of course . but not to save him . but rather to move onto my next target . i smiled . it felt good . newline newline : : : : : : : : : : newline newline a birdlike shadow fell over me as i swung my way through the city . my spider sense was tingling . i looked up . just as i expected . it was the old fart . the vulture . he looked down at me with his big ugly nose and cackled like the maniac he was . newline newline  heya mr. toomes . nice weather today , is nt it ?  i greeted him . he spat at me . i easily moved my head to dodge the spit .  now that s not very nice . has nt anyone told you the good news ?  newline newline  what news , boy ? do tell me before i tear you to shreds ,  replied the vulture . as i swung around the corner of an office building , i whipped a strand of webbing up at the vulture and it latched onto one of his electromagnetic harness . newline newline  turns out that i m no longer your ordinary household spider pest anymore ,  i said . i shot another strand of webbing at the vulture . with the two strands in place , i pulled him down towards me . we began to plummet down towards the streets .  i m a birdeating spider .  newline newline  bah . you know you ca nt thwart my antigraviton generator harness . you ve tried it before !  crowed the vulture . newline newline  can you fly blind , though ?  i asked . i used the webs to swing myself up and over the vulture , landing on his back . i then rode him like the little bitch he was .  acid ,  i whispered into my webshooters . i then sprayed some of the web fluid into the vulture s eyes . i watched him howl in pain as his eyeballs disintegrated . his flight became turbulent and he was now headed straight for a particular pointy and spiky part of a gothic cathedral . at the last moment , i leapt from his back and onto the safety of a gargoyle s back . adrian toomes , the vulture , was not as lucky . newline newline : : : : : : : : : : newline newline  extra ! extra ! read all about it !  hollered a young child on the sidewalk as he waved a new edition of the daily bugle in his hand . the front page article that day was written by the big j. jonah jameson himself . newline newline  spiderman  an angel in disguise ,  was the headline on the front . an eleven page article then followed it depicting the heroic acts of the masked hero , spiderman . j. jonah jameson concluded the article by offering big cash rewards for more photos of his new favourite citizen , spiderman . newline newline : : : : : : : : : : newline newline i perched myself up high atop one of the buildings looking directly at the oscorp building . it was about a block away and i was mentally preparing myself for my confrontation with the green goblin . i knew osborne and his company had designed a number of hightech gadgets and weaponry , so the goblin was not to be underestimated . that being said , i was confident in my abilities and the green goblin needed to be judged . once i have taken over the oscorp building , all its technologies will belong to me . i ll be able to take out the rest of my enemies with even more ease . not even doc ock would stand a chance . maybe i ll even get some new tech ideas during my raid . i could start a new company . maybe i d call it parker industries . yeah , i like that name . newline newline as the sun was starting to dip down behind the horizon , i stood up from my perch and flung myself off the building in the direction of oscorp . i savoured the feeling of the rushing wind against me as i soared down . today was a good day . and do nt worry uncle ben . i ll be sure to remember to buy the rice before i come home . newline newline newline newline   more to come , maybe   newlinemy name is robert van witt . everyone calls me robbie but i wish they  d call me rob . i don  t correct them anymore because when i would , it  s like they didn  t hear . i  m trudging up a hill to my buddy tyler  s birthday party . i don  t really want to go . he  s turning 16 , same age as me . i  d be pedaling this incline but my bike is out of commission . it  s not a long story . basically i  m a target . i don  t fight back . the insecure pick on me  the secure could care less . so it  s like victimless . last wednesday brandon snatched my bike from my hands , hefted it way up , bellowed ,  this is sparta !  and heaved it into the wall . now the front rim  s all bent . what gets me though is people laughed at a botched reference . newline newline but if i  d biked i  d get sweaty and when i sweat i stink . any deodorant i use starts to smell like me , or i start to smell like it , or something  s off . either way it all reeks . it  s bad enough when my shirt soaks through and makes me wince when i sit back against a chair but i can live with that . it  s when i sweat and i start to smell really bad , or worse yet when i suspect that i may but i just can  t tell . i  m convinced every time a girl puts on lotion it  s to cover my odor . newline newline i  ve got this sick habit , a compulsion really , where i feel that i reek all the f  in time . well when i  m around people . i think it  s me focusing my anxiety on something physical , explainable . so i  m always retreating to the toilet , which reeks , to check my pits , which reek , to reapply speed stick , which reeks less . you don  t want to know how many bars i go through . i order them in bulk , let  s leave it at that . newline newline the thing about the socially anxious , is that we are not wholly convinced of our inferiority . well , that i assume , as i make it a point to avoid those who remind me of myself . but i believe we are not wholly convinced of our inferiority . we recognize it at times , strongly at times . but there is a certain awareness , an innate intelligence necessary to recognize this . the dull do not know they are incompetent . let me clear this up . i hate myself . i believe i am a god . i loathe and love myself  the love is more distant . i am at once fearful and prideful . ashamed and arrogant . these beliefs are separate but linked , like joined rings . newline newline i make it to tyler  s at the top of the hill . the ryan  s and will are headed this way but about a block off . i don  t think they see me but i avert my gaze anyway . the clouds in the sky are rows of cotton . sometimes i feel like a slave . i don  t knock i just walk right in . i  m family here tyler  s mom says but i don  t feel it . or maybe like the one guy who doesn  t speak at the reunions . there  s nobody here . all in the backyard , something dissonant is trailing through the screen door , that means abdur is here , the selfappointed dj at all gatherings . i hate entrances . i make for the bathroom . newline newline  robbie !  it  s kim , she  s inches from my face . i jump . newline newline  you  re so oblivious !  she  s smiling with both rows of chompers . this kind of offends me . i  m highly observant it  s just i get overwhelmed . newline newline  sorry ,  i offer . newline newline  don  t get mad , maybe just look where you  re going.  it creeps me out when she smiles like this . she doesn  t have dead eyes or a weird twitch or anything , it  s just so much face to take in . newline newline  i  m so happy you  re finally here.  yeah , well i  m not .  here i want to show you something ,  she grabs my hand . this girl is always trying to jump my bones and she isn  t shy about it . newline newline  actually i got ta take a leak.  newline newline  no you don  t . and you smell fine.  newline newline  uh ,  newline newline  c  mon ,  she drags me into tyler  s bedroom and pushes me onto the bed , closing the door behind us .  check this out ,  she  s showing me a photo on her phone , it  s real outof focus . newline newline  oh , neat.  newline newline  yeah i just got her this morning.  newline newline  i didn  t know you liked rats.  newline newline  she  s a pomeranian !  newline newline  oh , yeah , i can see that.  newline newline she  s giving me this sidelong stare . eye contact i struggle with . i can  t remember how long it  s been this way . newline newline  soishouldgofindtyler.  at least i didn  t stutter ,  ok seeya !  newline newline she clasps my shoulder , firmly . she  s a rock climber . she  s still giving me this stare . i think she thinks it  s sexy , smoky . she leans in close . i feel like i  m in traction . she  s whispering in my ear , hot and wet . i  m having a lot of trouble focusing on what she  s saying . i know i  m getting red . all i can think is i pray that no one walks in . newline newline  hey you know what ? it  s the damndest thing ,  yes i talk like this .  i just remembered my grandma  s in the hospital , yeah bad uti , and i promised my mom i  d call her and she takes her afternoon nap at three and would you look at the time !  i sort of duck and twist under her arm to extricate myself . newline newline  no she isn  t . why are you so nervous ?  newline newline because last time you squeezed my sack so hard i almost cried .  nervous ? me ?  newline newline  fine ,  she  s got her arms crossed looking stonyeyed , like through me ,  and you don  t even want to go to the movies tomorrowremind me again why we  re even a thing ?  newline newline  what ? yes i do ! i  ll text you.  i skedaddle out of there and beeline for the toilet . newline newline when i make it outside i see , thank god , we  re not all sitting around the table . it  s a clean crowd for the most part and they  re sugar buzzed . will and sarah are jumping on the tramp and the ryan  s , jim , kari , kevin , and megan are playing basketball . tyler and abdur are sitting in plastic lawn chairs by the stereo passing a vaporizer . newline newline  robbie !  newline newline  why hello there gents ,  newline newline  pull up a seat , catch up ,  abdur goes to pass me the mlfb . newline newline  no thanks ,  i can only partake in private , or social interaction goes from nerve wracking to excruciating . newline newline  suit yourself ,  abdur  s wearing shades , the visine only goes so far . newline newline  you seen kim ?  tyler asks ,  she said she was coming.  newline newline  uh , no.  the sun  s in my eyes . newline newline  she ambushed you inside ?  tyler  s smiling . newline newline  you need to just be straight with her man ,  abdur is gon na make for a great lifecoach someday . newline newline  i know  newline newline  your problem is you try so hard to please everyone , you don  t think about yourself . and when you do that , you  re cheating them . well i mean not kim , she feeds on that but  newline newline  tell me about it.  newline newline  look buddy , i know exactly how you feel ,  abdur raises his shades and wants to have like a man to man moment . goddamnit .  you feel like you have to make people happy , comfortable . well you can  t man . you literally can not worry about that . when you try so hard you  re doing the opposite  you  re putting people on edge . they can tell . we can tell ,  he waggles a hitchhiker  s thumb between himself and tyler ,  i used to be like you man , so worried all the time about what people think . but here  s the thing  you can  t do an effin thing about it . people want the real you man , not like this persona you try so hard to portray . i know because that was me . and believe me , when you  re brown in a town like this people stare . but you just got ta straighten up , brush it off , tell yourself you have the same right as anyone else to be here . look , i had it bad and i got over that sht. if i could there  s no reason you can  t.  newline newline  i know ,  my head  s declined , i  m shaking it in solemn agreement . newline newline  no you don  t ! see this is exactly what i  m talking about . you  re agreeing with me but you aren  t really . tell me to fk off ! don  t be a people pleaser !  newline newline  hey you got any spaceape on there ?  thank you tyler . newline newline  kode9 , hell yeah !  newline newline the sun  s frying me like an egg on blacktop .  i got ta take a pisser ,  newline newline  sure ,  newline newline the party  s really winding down now . they were splitting cake around the table when i was headed back out earlier and i pretended like i forgot my present for tyler at home . i walked a couple blocks down the hill to the park and sat myself on a bench and smoked a marb light and hated myself for it . it  s pathetic and i know it . newline newline  tyler , this is for you.  newline newline  thanks buddy ! okay , let me guess ,  he shakes the package with a wry grin .  blue velvet.  newline newline  how  newline newline  you must  ve hinted at it last week or something . hey rob , i  m glad you could make it . really , it means a lot.  newline newline  of course my dude ! just can  t believe i forgot your present at home . missed the cake ,  newline newline  yeah . so we still doubling tomorrow ?  newline newline on the way back , kicking myself in penitence , i sigh and look skyward . the clouds are gossamer now , like gauze i think . newline newlinei took a crack at it , but it ended up pretty different than i m sure you expected . newline newline  newline newline newline the piano teacher newline newline the pianist leaned back , extending his arms and fingers as if in unison with the final note , his muscles popping and relieving the tension of 10 minutes of furious playing . the room still silent , the stretch stopped sharp as he remembered his audience . newline newline  wow , i actually forgot you were there for a minute .  newline newline  i m not surprised , that was one hell of a complex piece .  his patron , as always , sat front and centre . his only company in the forgotten auditorium deep in the bowels of the great university of the arts . her legs crossed , a makeshift desk for the notebook she would scribble on furiously during the music . never seeming to stop .  every one is better than the last . what was your inspiration ?  newline newline  it s kind of about loneliness .  he shrugged and pushed together the pages before him , tapping them lightly against the rack , setting them in order .  you know , like sometimes i go for walks in the early morning and it feels like i m the only person alive . the campus can be so peaceful , especially by the lake . the smaller one ? even the birds do nt seem to know about it .  newline newline  mmhm ?  she nodded . he noticed she never took any notes after the music had stopped . in fact her pen had vanished , her book clasped shut .  i want to know more about your process , though . how do you put those images to music ?  newline newline  oh , a true artist should never reveal his secrets .  they both shared a laugh , polite and courteous . she dropped it . newline newline  may i see the notation ? maybe i could glean some insight .  newline newline with the others , he would always decline . the way they tore through the sheets with that covetous gleam in their eye had always unsettled him . afterward they would lose interest in him , forsaking the artist for the art . she , his newest patron , had always taken the time to get to know his work on a deeper level . she would still asked to see them eventually , but these little gestures were enough to soften him . newline newline she took the folder he offered and meticulously held up each sheet  as though it itself were the art . the light shone so that the the staves and crotches could faintly be seen on the other side , eclipsed by her pointed fingers , examining each one with a brief but pointed stare . newline newline and elsewhere , on a level of the college far beneath the deepest known to the young student , two tall sleek figures examined the markings through her eyes . though they made more sense than they had in the early days , the true meaning of the music , its underlying form , still eluded the greatest minds among the drones . newline newline  have we not gathered enough samples , now ?  pleaded one .  this deception is truly cruel . we should release him , so he may live out his days with his own kind .  newline newline  and what then ?  said the other , leaning in for a closer examination of a complex arpeggio .  what if it s not enough ? if we truly aspire to be greater than our predecessors , then we must learn all we can from them . i do nt see this as cruel , i see this for what it is . their swan song .  newline newline in the auditorium , the patron grinned .  i d like to commission another . the minute he opened his eyes he felt it . it was nt the physical blast which had occurred some hours before in the midst of his sleep , but a sudden emptiness echoing down the whitewashed halls of the station , saturating the artificial air and suffocating him of any hope for escape from this mechanized hell . he moved slowly down the hall to the wide windows where he so often gazed upon his home , letting the absence of gravity bounce his body along like a doll . the cloud of dust before him drew no sharp intake of breath or scream , but a far more pained silence . he lay his cold palms against the glass and let the word slip through his teeth as if it was the only reasonable thing to say : newline  hello ?  newline the consequent silence buzzed in his ears as if after a long phone call the other end suddenly hung up  the conversation was over . newline  hello ! ?  newline this time his voice began to panic , as the inconceivable reality of what had just happened began to crash over him like the waves of the ocean he played in as a boy , waves that were gone now , floating as particles with the rest of his world newline  hello ! ?  newline adrenaline coursed through his veins and in desperation his hands curled into fists , firing blow after blow onto the impregnable glass wall , separating him from life as he knew it , a life of money , cars , books , friends , trees , hugs , kisses tears  a life now only survived by death . newline  hello ! ! !  newline consciousness became irrelevant for the next few hours , it was all the same to him . flitting in and out of the screams of his family and the horrible residual dust cloud , he let the cold plastic floor hold his throbbing head and waited for some elusive solution . newline it was nt his decision to stand up hours later , some biological impulse forced his muscles into a pitiful motion , dragging him without any apparent direction until he found himself staring into the empty eyes of the one other human on board , a length of wiring still taught around his purple neck . newline for some unknown reason this discovery brought a strange rush of clarity to him , there was nothing here . the idea of nothing seemed to have adopted a new meaning in the preceding hours , before nothing was outside . out there in the black . before , everything worth living for lay before him , bounded either by steel or a blue sky  but now he saw for the first time what man had neglected as long as he existed upon the earth . he saw the endless expanse of empty black space around him transform into a welcoming light bespeckled with the faces of stars , each bearing its own stories of life and death . he watched as the value of his life became no longer a question of utility , but simply a matter of existence . he boarded a shuttle and gazed into the desert before him , living out his death among the stars . his final log sat entered , blinking on the monitor on the station : newline  goodbye . the submarine  horatio  was approximately 173 meters in length , front to end . nuclear powered and undetectable by modern sonar , the horatio could travel at high speeds , even up to 50 knots in some cases . it was the most advanced underwater craft in existence and was currently stationed off the coast of venezuela . the horatio was harboring a secret though , a deadly secret . the secret was called ,  visser . dr. daan visser .  newline newline for the past five months , eighteen assassination attempts were carried out against major heads of states and religious leaders . fourteen of which were successful . what was most peculiar about the deaths was the mysterious nature of it all . the pope choking on his dinner , the new libyan head of state falling off his palace ledge . it was too much of a coincidence for the intelligence firms all over the world to believe was mere chance . marc was sent by his private agency , along with every other intelligence officer from los angeles to istanbul to find out the truth of the events , and if need be , put a stop to it . newline newline his search led him here , sitting in finely lit and decorated salon of animal furs , mahogany furniture , and richly bound books on the shelves that lined the walls . from its appearance , one could easily mistake the room for a gentleman s study , but this study was resting on the ocean floor of the caribbean and its main piece of attraction was sitting across from marc . newline  i hope you do nt think me a barbaric man mr. marc ,  said visser coldly .  i only hope that for your sake , you do not think this .  newline newline marc studied him for a moment .  visser s english was impeccable ,  thought marc .  probably studied in college in america or england while receiving his doctorate , or perhaps it was so common to speak english in holland that the fine tunings required little to no extra work . in either case this man has a certain detachment about him , a killer instinct about him . i best be careful .  newline  dr. visser , if you are planning on killing me , then perhaps we could at least have something to drink in the meantime . the worry of death makes me crave something with a little kick to it .  newline dr. visser raised his eyebrows .  i could of had my men shoot you on dry land and even now one shout to the guards outside and you will be dead before i can even say your name . but of course ! we shall have some of my personal stock .  newline newline dr. visser stood up with an electric jolt that was uncommon for men of his age and walked over to a globe in the corner near one of the bookshelves . he opened the globe to reveal a miniature bar set on the inside . newline newline  scotch ?  dr. visser asked as examined both glasses with an intense gaze . newline newline  naturally . and no ice , keep it neat .  newline newline  surely , whatever you d like .  newline newline after pouring , he walked over and handed the half filled scotch glass to marc . then he returned to his original repose and sighed heavily . newline newline  let us get down to business ,  he said with a tone that marc assumed was tiredness . newline newline  very well . firstly , let me say that the assassinations need to stop . you and your organization should cease all activities and admit before an international court that it was you who were responsible .  newline newline  and why should i do that ?  chuckled dr. visser . newline newline  because you ca nt kill everyone and even if you did , do nt you think someone new will just keep popping up ?  newline newline  ah ! but you miss th point mr. marc . the point is not the death , it is  newline a pause . dr. visser looked dead straight into marc s eyes and with his left fist he hit into his right open palm and said in a firm voice ,  the message .  newline newline  what message is that ?  asked marc in a curious voice , before taking a sip of the scotch . newline newline  that authority has no meaning in this modern time . call it anarchy or whatever you want , but the people mr . marc .  newline he trailed off again , as if he was thinking of something in his mind . then continued ,  the people have the power and i am showcasing that fact .  newline newline  listen to me dr. , the only thing you are showcasing is making a damn bloody mess of the world and the people are more worried about threats of terrorism and lack of leadership then your idealistic ambitions .  newline newline  you do nt know !  yelled dr. visser at marc . newline there was a pause in the conversation after the bout . a tenseness could felt between the two men , as if you could take a knife and cut into the air . dr. visser , now relaxed from his quick release of frustration , reclined back into his chair and whispered ,  but you shall see . yes you shall see .  newline newline marc put the scotch down and stood up .  the only thing i see is an old fool playing with world structure as a kid plays with chess pieces . i very well could kill you myself right now .  newline newline at that moment , the submarine jolted . marc lost his composure and faltered to one side , grasping the arm of the chair he was sitting on . dr. visser sat motionless , unfazed by the sudden movement of the massive submarine . newline newline  what you fail to realize mr. marc , is that there is more to this submarine then what meets the eye . now you will understand what happens when you give the people power . now , we go to the surface . now , i show you what this nuclear submarine is really capable of .  newline dr. visser cracked a tight smile and sipped on his scotch . then he said in a cool and confident voice ,  do you really think that all those people i had killed were even really controlling things . do nt you see that it is all just a masquerade ? only a few people in this world control things and i , dr. visser am about to reveal to you and the world this disgusting reality .  he smiled again and the submarine gave another jolt . newline newline newline edit : let me know if i should continue with this idea or not .i hate this office . i hate sitting in there . it s cold . everything is so fucking tacky . newline newline and he s late . of course he s fucking late . i knever quite figured out wether it was some kind of cheap powerplay thing , or simple obliviousness . he s always fucking late . newline newline i hate his office . those screens and devices and all those action figures on his desk and that fucking batsign keychain hanging from the ceiling . i hate it all . and now he s wasting my time . newline newline the door opens . here he fucking comes . a scrawny 26 yearsold dude in a white polo , beat sneakers and a paycheck this the size of mine . newline newline  you re late  , i growl . newline newline  i know , i know . sorry  . he moves around me , towards the desk . sits down , no eye contact .  okay , so what do you have for me ?  , he asks as his fingers start gliding on the glassplated keyboard . the screen in front of him lights up , and two holographic displays flare from the projector on his desk . newline newline  two bodies . shot  . newline newline he stops . looks at me . first time he s ever looked at me , i think . newline newline  wow , homicide ? really ?  . i understand his enthusiasm , put that smile suddenly growing on his face is somewhat offputting . newline newline  yup . two men . jose carvalo , 32 , and bryan rainstone , 35 . id d as local data dealers . small time dudes . found in a bar s basement  . newline newline i take out a small tablet . two touches from the tip of my fingers , and a file appear on the holographic display . newline newline  alright . that s gon na be easy . what you got on them ?  newline newline i read the file s summary .  basic social graph . they were both implanted , so we have full displacement from the past six months at our disposal . newline newline good  . newline newline he types in silence for a few seconds . newline newline  okay , so . we got their social graph and movements , right ? i ll cross that with identified risky individuals in a mileswide perimeter . there must have been a bunch of video cams close to the crime scene , so facial recognition will give us a list of people present in the area one hour before and after the tod . we got general access to the health data ministry , so if anyone with a taste or potential violent behaviour is in the list , we ll know it in a few minutes . crossing this with implants data regarding heartbeats variation , i ll have a modelisation of our suspect in ... uh ...  newline newline he stops . thinks in silence for a few seconds . newline newline  in about five minutes , i guess . then it s up to you to stop him . newline  how do you know it s a him ? newline  our first list . only men  , he says as he reaches for his minifridge and takes out a light beer in a can .  coors ?  , he asks . newline newline i stand up .  fuck no . let me know when you re done  . newline newline he sips . slowly , loudly . i look at my watch . 4:30 . alright . we ll file this at 5:00 and let local drone enforcers deal with the arrest . i ll be home by 5:30 , drunk by 6:00 . as usual . maybe try to arrive early tomorrow . like 10:30 . lunch at 12:00 . as usual . newline newline  i will  , he yells as i exit through the door , slamming it behind me . newline newline what a fucking boring day . just another one . newline newline maybe i should just get another job .luke awoke to a strange feeling . something was off . it didn  t take him long to place it  the music was different . sad . it wasn  t like his music was always joyful  some days , when he was stressed or angry , it was darker  but this seemed arbitrary . was this a premonition of some terrible event ? newline newline he tried to shove it out of his mind . perhaps , if he didn  t pay attention to it , it couldn  t affect him . downstairs , he ate breakfast , but there was a certain feeling of gloom that he just couldn  t shake . when he got used to the music , he would feel better , he decided . but he couldn  t . it stayed there , in the back of his mind , and seemed to shift so that he could never get used to it . he went to school , but he couldn  t focus . he knew something awful would happen soon ! why wouldn  t it just happen , so he could go back to living his life ? newline newline then it hit him : he was going to die . it had to be . that was the only logical answer . he wasn  t upset about anything , and as of yet nothing bad had happened . luke wished he could ask someone , but there was nobody he could talk to who was dead . he just had to accept his fate . newline newline  mr . terrence !  said luke  s teacher , mr. soares . newline newline luke jerked his head up sharply .  well , luke ? are we learning today ?  asked mr. soares with a tone of condescension . newline newline luke was just about to say yes , and avoid conflict , when he remembered that he was going to die that day or the next , anyway .  don  t think so , mr. soares.  he stood up , slammed his textbook on the desk , and walked out the door . newline newline he rushed down the hall , full of adrenaline and dread . how would he die ? the music in his head got louder . newline newline his headmaster stepped into the hall .  luke !  he shouted .  not so   luke flew past him . he stuck out his arms and slammed the doors open , feeling the shock up to his shoulders . he ran home across roads , nearly getting hit once or twice . newline newline finally , he saw his house : 74 indigo lane . he grabbed the key from his pocket , unlocked the door , and went inside . of course , it was vacant  his parents were at work . newline newline he went up to his room and locked himself in . luke was panicked . what would he do before he died ? he might not have much time . the waiting game was sickening , but it was all he could do . newline newline unless  newline newline he knew he was going to die . why not do it on his own terms ? jump in front of a moving car or something . he didn  t need to be careful , so he went ahead and jumped out his window because it was faster . he felt his ankle twist painfully beneath him , but endured the pain . who cared ? newline newline luke hurried to the cliffs overlooking the ocean nearby . there were sharp , jagged rocks below . he knew he would gain nothing by waiting . he shut his eyes and  newline newline october 23 , 2034 newline newline  an interesting simulation , roberts.  jack wilkes looked closer at the screen . newline newline  thank you , sir ,  said kasey roberts . she looked up at him .  an experiment . to see how the typical human mind responds when it always hears music , but one day , the music seems arbitrarily ominous.  newline newline  interesting ,  said wilkes again .  and was there a reason you chose a child ?  newline newline  volatility . the teen mind is more prone to acting on impulse . i thought it would more purely reflect the impulses created by the music.  newline newline  well , good work . i thought it was creative . see me after class for your grade . i ve never heard my name spoken from a different narrative in my head . it was jarring yet also calming . as i approached the object my arms grew sore and i had nt even attempted to pick up the weapon . i was nt even sure i was going to be able to . i grabbed it . i felt myself grow stronger each second as i lifted it off it s stand . as my strength grew , the weapon became easier to hold . it felt like my hands were crafted for the sole purpose of grasping the rounded handle . two heavy heads perched on either end , each held to the handle by a spring . i would not want to be on the receiving end of this beast . etched in the center of the handle i could only assume was the name of the weapon , using characters i ve never seen before :  shake weight it is almost tea time . bilbo will be getting thirsty soon . newline newline   make tea newline newline bilbo can not make tea without a kettle ! newline newline   make tea with kettle newline newline you do not have  kettle  in your inventory . newline newline   get kettle newline newline you do not see  kettle  . where could it be ? newline newline   look around newline newline bilbo is at home in his hobbit hole . he is standing in a tidy , wellstocked kitchen , as every good hobbit should have . various cooking utensils and cupboards line the wall . there is also a cozy fireplace with a spot for cooking tea , but the flames have almost gone out . newline newline   open cupboard newline newline bilbo opens the cupboard to discover some teacups and saucers , a brass kettle , a wedge of cheese , some cakes , a bit of fruit , a roast of ham , and a wooden spoon . funny , he does not remember putting most of these items here to begin with . at least there is no dust ! newline newline   take kettle newline newline the brass kettle reflects the light pleasantly as bilbo gently lifts it from the cupboard . it has blackened on the bottom from constant use , but he keeps it clean and the rest of it shines as though it were new . newline newline   take teacups newline newline bilbo takes the teacups and saucers from the cupboard . some have chipped or cracked over the years , but otherwise it is a fine set . newline newline   make tea newline newline bilbo does not like to leave his cupboard open . he should close it before doing anything else . newline newline   close cupboard newline newline the cupboard is now closed . newline newline   make tea newline newline bilbo would love to make some tea , but the fire is too cold . newline newline   stoke fire newline newline bilbo shifts the coal in the fireplace to let it breath , tossing a bit of kindling on top for good measure . a cozy , steady flame soon warms the room . newline newline suddenly , there is a knock at the door . bilbo recalls that , just yesterday and against his better judgement , he had invited the wizard gandalf to tea . he must be waiting just outside . newline newline   get door newline newline it would not be wise to remove the door from its hinges and attempt to take it with you . it serves a purpose , after all  besides , it is far too heavy to carry and too large to fit in one  s pockets . newline newline   answer door newline newline it is rude to invite a guest for tea and have nothing to serve them ! newline newline   make tea newline newline how can one make tea with an empty kettle ? newline newline   fill kettle newline newline bilbo fills the kettle using a stock of fresh water from the kitchen . newline newline   make tea newline newline bilbo can not make tea without tea leaves . newline newline   make tea dammit newline newline this game does not understand the word  dammit  . newline newline   get tea leaves newline newline where would bilbo get that ? newline newline   go left newline newline bilbo has entered the pantry , where most of his foods are stocked . there is an ample supply of breads , cheeses , scones and seedcakes , as well as an assortment of tea leaves . newline newline   get tea leaves newline newline bilbo takes a bag of tea leaves from the pantry . it has a fresh aroma that reminds him of second breakfast in the garden on a warm summer  s day . newline newline   make tea newline newline bilbo can not make tea in the pantry , but there is a fireplace in the kitchen . newline newline   go right newline newline bilbo is now standing in the kitchen . various cooking utensils and cupboards line the wall . there is also a cozy fireplace with a spot for cooking tea  the flames fill the room with warmth and a steady crackling noise as they feed on fresh tinder . newline newline   make tea newline newline the tea leaves need to be inside the kettle to properly make tea . newline newline   kjdsfljlskdjfk newline newline this game does not understand the word  kjdsfljlskdjfk  newline newline   put tea leaves in kettle newline newline bilbo lowers the tea leaves into the kettle water and closes the lid . newline newline   make tea newline newline bilbo quickly hangs the kettle above the fireplace to heat . newline newline   answer door newline newline bilbo does not want his guest to know that he has forgotten about inviting anyone to tea . he should set the table first . newline newline   set table newline newline there is no item named  table  in bilbo  s inventory , so you can not put it here . newline newline   put teacups on table newline newline bilbo places two teacups with sauces on the table in the middle of the kitchen : one for himself and an extra for his guest . newline newline   answer door newline newline there are teacups on the table , but not enough cakes for two people . it would be rude not to have any cake for the guests , but bilbo is certainly not inclined to pass on cake with his tea time if the matter can be helped . he should put out a few extras . newline newline   put cake on table newline newline there is no item called  cake  in bilbo s inventory , so you can not put it there . newline newline   go left newline newline bilbo has entered the pantry , where most of his foods are stocked . there is an ample supply of breads , cheeses , scones and seedcakes , as well as an assortment of tea leaves . newline newline   take cakes newline newline bilbo takes a few cakes from his supply . they look and smell delicious . he is rather hungry now ... newline newline   go right newline newline bilbo is now standing in the kitchen . various cooking utensils and cupboards line the wall . there is also a cozy fireplace with a spot for cooking tea  the flames fill the room with warmth and a steady crackling noise as they feed on fresh tinder . there are two sauces and teacups on the table . newline newline   put cake on table newline newline bilbo places an extra cake or two on the table . now it is set to receive a guest . newline newline   answer door newline newline much to bilbo  s surprise , it is not gandalf at the door at all ! a dwarf with a blue beard tucked into a golden belt stands at the entrance . he has bright eyes that peer out from beneath a dark green hood . without invitation , the dwarf enters and hangs his hood and cloak in the hall . he bows low to bilbo .  dwalin at your service !  newline newline   have tea newline newline bilbo does not have an item called  tea  in his inventory . newline newline   take tea newline newline he may be unexpected , but bilbo should not leave his guest standing at the doorway . newline newline   drink tea newline newline what , without dalwin ? bilbo has more manners than that ! newline newline      newline newline newline  disclaimer : more 80  s adventure game than 90  s , but thereabouts .  newlineslam ! newline newline some guy drops into the backseat  follow that  and i  m off . it  s a black sedan . it  s always the black sedan . i am so fed up with this shit . i finally land a job that should be decent , should even be a little fun , but no . i have to deal , almost exclusively , with these wackjobs . newline newline  okay , what the everloving shit is it this time ?  i asked , as the little mazda  s four cylinders strained to keep me above 80  in a 40 mph zone , mind you  which was , impossibly , mostly free of traffic . why can  t the streets ever be this clear in this city when i  m not dealing with some wacko trying to save the free world or catch his wife or whatever ?  russian nukes again ? that was fun . someone shot out my windshield on that one.  i grit my teeth , as i pull into a handbrake turn  somebody kidnap your kid ?  the man in the back  s face was a mask of determination , eyes locked on the car in front of us .  concentrate on driving . we can  t afford to loose him , not again.  newline newline that  s it . newline newline the breaks squealed as my car skidded to a halt in the middle of a overpass . that snapped the twat out of his thousand yard stare .  no ! you can  t stop ! if he gets away again , there  s no telling how may people might die !  for anybody else , that  d be a worthy argument . however , i lived through the aforementioned russian nuke fiasco mentioned above . so relative to world war iii , i think this guy could afford to chill for a bit .  not going anywhere , pal  i said , rolling down the window . and there  s the gun . in my face . again .  i was trying to be nice , but to be perfectly honest , you don  t really have a choice . drive.  unfortunately for his ass , that only works the first two times . newline newline  actually , mister doubleohidon  tgiveashit , i do.  i stated calmly , staring him down .  see , right now , the doors are locked , and the keys are hanging off the side of this overpass by a string . shoot me , and i let go of it . and you  re trapped in a locked cab with a dead body , while whoever the hell we  re following goes wherever he wants . seem fun ?  newline newline his face shifted slightly , eyes narrowing .  so , why are you doing this ? who are you working for ?  his tone , was perfectly calm . like he was asking about the weather . the dissonance would send shivers down my spine , if i wasn  t so suicidally mad at all of reality at the moment .  i work for edwards taxi . and nobody else , okay !  my voice naturally rose into a shout .  i just want to make a decent living , but no ! every single day i have to deal with motherfuckers like you.  newline newline he blinked .  like me ?  newline newline  yeah , just like you ! mob men , people running from mob men , assassins , targets , spies of every possible nationality , and that one archaeologist twat who always has people shooting at him !  a tear rolled down my face . i hadn  t realized how much this had gotten to me . newline newline  so , this sort of thing  he gestured vaguely to himself and his immediate surroundings  happens a lot ?  he said , is tone going from dangerously lethal to comforting in nothing flat . newline newline  literally every day.  normally , these guys are impossible to read , but that clearly surprised him . he sighed .  okay , i really don  t have time to hear the whole story , but it sounds like you  re not running a taxi cab service.  newline newline  oh my god i  m not working for the illuminati or whoever  newline newline  let me finish.  he snapped . i promptly complied .  you  re not running a taxi cab service , you  re running a highvalue asset pursuit service . that somehow manages to work on demand . there are people who would pay literally hundreds of millions of dollars for something like that , and call it a bargain.  newline newline i almost choked on my own tongue .  mimillions ? hhundreds ? !  newline newline  yup . you can  t exactly charge faire that high though . most of us don  t carry that much cash , and if we are , it  s because we really need to , and you ca nt have any . but favors ? if you deal with my sort of profession as often as you make it sound like you do , you could get some damn near incredible benefits.  newline newline  wow . just okay , maybe you  re right . i can turn this crappy job around.  i mumbled . then a idea occurred to me .  but , if i  m going to do that , i can  t exactly make do with this piece of junk car  i said , a massive , titanic , shiteatingly huge grin spreading across my face .  i need an upgrade . something fast . and bulletproof . something that will actually be good at these chases i find myself in the midst of.  newline newline my still mysterious passenger facepalmed , and mumbled something about how he should have seen this coming , and about wasting a favor .  okay , fine . just drive  newline newline  newline  newline newline the man smashed through the window , a hail of bullets whizzing through where he had stood just a moment ago . expertly tumbling , he rolled to his feet . he had escaped , but the doktor had macg8f1n ! he needed to catch up , and fast . just then , a low , yellow sportscar drifted up to the curb , smoke hissing from tires on red , gleaming hubs , the streetlights glinting off a wellwaxed exterior , and a unmistakable taxi checker running down the side . the door popped open , and the driver , a young man , probably pakistani , shouted at him .  get in ! get in you undoubtedly glorious bastard , and let  s hunt down some poor sonovabitch !  newline newline  follow that car !  the man shouted . newline newline  follow him ! ? imma pass the sonovabitch ! or maybe get real close , and find out if any of these switches activates a flamethrower ! best job ever !  his new driver shouted over the roar of the car  s mighty engine as they careened off into the night . newline newline first story post . how d i do ? praise be unto the dark lord !  i screamed as i sunk my dagger deep into the skull of the last of my sacrifices . i fell to my knees and closed my eyes , waiting to receive the dark powers promised to me . newline the ritual was perfect , just as the necromancer had described . 4 sacrifices , each innocent and pure , the ritual symbols drawn in red , the dagger polished and sharpened , the candles fresh and trimmed ... . it was all perfect this time . newline newline  he must accept me now  , i thought ,  my life as a paladin is over , i ve committed unspeakable acts . he must see that my sacrifices are sincere .  newline newline but when i opened my eyes , nothing had changed . newline newline i sighed in disappointment . sister coraline had lied to me  her garden gnomes were nt innocent . but i know the angels on her porch are as pure as the morning sun , and on the next full moon , i ll have the power promised to me . you know , i never really thought about it .  newline newline the sangheili warrior leaned back in his chair . in his fourth month of deployment on the human world of sentry , he d finally found a way to be comfortable in the human chairs . newline newline  but it did happen , right ? we ... .well ... .people living on reach saw them . but as soon as the battle of earth happened , no more spirits .  newline newline usze tzhara removed his traditional helmet and moved his mandibles . he leaned closer to the group of soldiers he sat with . newline newline  we re not that different , you know .  usze remarked ,  we had issues of moving weaponry too . did each of your ships have hornets ? did any of you ever see a vulture in combat ? what about a wolverine , or a mongoose ?  newline newline the soldiers asked around the table . no one who had served in the battles near earth had seen a vulture in combat . a veteran of the battle of installation 00 also talked about the chopper he d once driven , and none of the men who had fought the forerunners had seen or driven one . newline newline  it s not a mystery ,  said with an ease an elite rarely had before peace time ,  and it was nt a matter of politics . sometimes , your vehicles are elsewhere .  newline newline his translation unit did nt quite have an effective explanation , but he heard one of the troops state loudly  excrement of a bovine organism .  he continued eating instead of responding .tony did nt even know he was being robbed for ten minutes they were that good . a good heist involves no drama , no panic , and no yelling , just murmurs and notes , a whisper of a threat , then a flurried vanish . newline newline cindy kept looking back at her boss . she took slow breaths that still came out ragged and malformed , her lungs failing to give her the one bit of clear routine she needed . it was all up to her heart , then . the man in front of her , face covered in a plastic mask that distorted his features , lifted his hand higher with his jacket pocket , urging cindy to go faster . newline newline tony met cindy s eyes . he s like to say it became apparent , that he knew but it took a little bit longer . he looked at the man at the window , noting his mask and flicking his eyes away quickly when the man turned to look at him . tony s eyes rested on another man standing near the entrance with his hands in his pockets , then again across the lobby to another man with the same mask and jacket combination . he slowly moved towards the shelf where the silent alarm was tucked underneath . newline newline  do nt move ,  the man in front of cindy said suddenly . his eyes were locked on tony s . tony backed away , slowly , having come within six inches of the alarm .  keep quiet .  newline newline his first thought was to freeze all transactions except for this one , get them out and call the police as soon as it was possible to . but the robber had just said to keep quiet , meaning cindy and he had to proceed as normally . tony smiled very tightly , nodded , and stood against the wall . newline newline he watched as cindy finished piling the money into a sears shopping bag the robber had given her .  now , the next drawer .  she looked up , panicked . tony and she both knew she could nt open another teller station at the same time . she looked back at tony , who had begun moving towards the two of them . newline newline  i ll open it ,  he said . the man moved to where tony was standing , handing him a second shopping bag as he put the first on the floor . the till popped open and tony began taking all the money out , placing it in an obvious way that he hoped would get someone s attention . newline newline while doing this , he took his own calming breaths . he had been robbed several times over his twentythree year career in banking  while his heart still pounded , it did nt send him into a state of sheer terror like the first had . clues , he remembered . try to look at the details of the person . what are they wearing ? what color is his eyes ? does he have any scars ?  newline newline the man in front of him , surprisingly not agitated at all , wore a tan jacket tony thought looked an awful lot like the members only jacket he d had as a teenager . it had those same frontzip pockets he d hated . tony liked space and he could never put much more than his ham fists inside . it was truly uncomfortable to wear during the winter . stylish or not , tony would often grab a parka when the first frost hit . newline newline wait . newline newline  show me your gun ,  tony said . it was incredibly risky , but he felt confident enough in his mental prowess . no , he was dead certain there was not enough room in those pockets for a hand and a gun . newline newline the man stared at him , then grinned . he pulled out his hand , the index finger and thumb making an lshape .  smart . that s a problem .  he held his left hand to brace the fingers of his right , cocked the thumb forward , and fired a shot at tony . newline newline he flew backwards , his back slamming into another shelf . fire and pain roared in his chest . his eyes opened wide as the robbers took the money and ran . newline newline cindy stood there , crying and moaning until someone took her away . chris triggered the alarm , as it were , but it was too late for tony . he slid to the ground , wondering how the hell that man had shot him . he d never get his answer . news anchor   today mark zuckerburg announced on facebook that he will be rewarding all users with one dollar for every like  they accumulate until the company bankrupts . after a few short hours later zuckerburg announced that the checks will be in the mail shortly .  newline newline fastforward 5 business days newline newline  news anchor    folks , the results are in and the cat is out of the bag . we finally have the big winners of the facebook like  payout . well folks , it turns out mark zuckerburg took home roughly 99  of facebooks profits . yes , it turns out every user liked zuckerburg s post therefore depleting the money rather quickly . the other 1  was paid out to the millions of facebook users . which means every other user was paid roughly .83 cents .  newline  2nd news anchor    well that sure was depressing paul , i m sure nobody expected that outcome . in other news , a new social media site is taking the world by storm . its name is headliterature.com . this new site is the brain child of up and coming business tycoon zark muckerburg .  newline newline flash to mark zuckerburgs house after news broadcast newline newline  mark zuckerburg disguised as zark muckerburg   read in a sinister evil voice    mwhahahaha . my plan is unfolding perfectly . i ll just make headliterature.com as popular as facebook was and do it all over again ! muwhahahahahaahaahhahaahaaaahahahahahahahaha ... .  thunder sounds and lightning strikes in background today i woke up early , i had an extra 30 minutes , i did nt feel groggy or have a headache like normal , i just . woke up . i decided to read , and slowly read through the first 10 pages of twenty thousand leagues under the sea . i grabbed my back pack and bike and threw them both over my shoulder as a walked down the stairs of my apartment building . i stepped outside and everyone was staring at the sky . hundreds of them , staring . i got on my bike and began to pedal , when i got to work after weaving between the frozen people passing thousands by the time i was downtown . as i was locking my bike up a strange feeling came over me , i had forgot something . i started up the stairs when i realized it , i was nt staring up at the sky anymore . newline newline edit : sorry for the lack of format and punctuationgrammar , blew through this quickly on my phonecaillou , imp assistant to the ruler of hell , consulted his clipboard . he hated monday meetings .  it appears that our weekly shipment has been delayed again ,  he said deferentially to the woman sitting on the stone throne in front of him . newline newline katrina albritton leaned forward , one hand under her chin .  so you re saying that we have nt received any   newline newline  souls , no , maam . not for three weeks .  newline newline katrina frowned . ever since  she had initiated her hostile takeover of the underworld in the name of global amalgamated   https : www.reddit.comrwritingpromptscomments3brjqpwpamanhaslivedhiswholelifesinfullywithcspikhx  , her selfdescribed  crash course in corrupted divinity  had focused on one thing : souls that were judged unworthy of eternal happiness in heaven were cast down to hell . and , as per some sort of unwritten agreement between god and lucifer  who at this point was missing , presumably still licking his wounds from the takeover  the souls were typically cast down en masse , barring the occasional extraordinary soul that was  expressed  straight down  this was how katrina got there  . and , more often than not , this happened on tuesdays . newline newline katrina still had no idea why hell ran on a julian calendar , but she did nt really care .  so if we re not receiving any souls ... where are they going ?  newline newline caillou shrugged .  i honestly do nt know , maam . new jersey ?  newline newline katrina s subsequent response was drowned out by a thunderous booming noise , the echoing of some sort of unholy bell . caillou looked up at the sound as it repeated once , twice .  that s the arrival bell ,  he said in puzzlement .  maybe he got backed up and caught us up all at once .  newline newline  go check on it , please .  newline newline  certainly .  caillou nodded and abruptly disappeared in a small puff of smoke and flame , while katrina turned her attention to a piece of parchment on her lap  her todo list . lucifer had been a fairly effective ruler , but katrina had already identified several areas where he could have been more handson with his management  newline newline caillou suddenly reappeared in front of her , this time accompanied by two winged creatures and a large iron container of some sort .  um ...  he began .  yeah ... we ve got a problem .  newline newline katrina looked up , as one of the demons reached into the container and pulled out ... a handful of envelopes . even she was surprised by that .  mail ,  she finally said after a few seconds .  we get mail . in hell .   newline newline  never have before , maam ,  caillou said .  but this is nt normal mail .  he plucked a single envelope from the handful the demon was holding , swiftly opened it with a claw , and pulled out the paper within .  dear santa ,   he read ,  i ve been a good girl , honest , but mom and daddy are having problems and all i want for    newline newline katrina held up a hand .  hold it .  she pointed at the container .  you re saying that   she paused , trying to hold down a laugh .  you re saying that we just received ...  newline newline she gave up and started laughing .  letters to santa claus !   newline newline caillou merely nodded , and waited for the laughing to subside . when it did , he went on .  i do nt understand how this happened , maam , but i will do my best to find out . it s not like the mortal realm has any control over this ...  newline newline the north pole newline newline kris kringle nodded as the 28,438th soul stepped out of the impossibly small freight container . his wife made a mark on the scroll she was holding .  that appears to be all of them ,  she said . newline newline kris nodded .  thank you , ellie .  he turned to the curiously statuesque elf in red leather standing next to him .  darla , take them all to orientation and then to gift station assignment .  newline newline  of course , mr. claus ,  darla purred , as she and a couple of elves who looked like brick mailbox posts in green and red cloth began herding the confused souls down a corridor . kris then turned to ellie .  well , it looks like it worked .  newline newline ellie nodded .  i m amazed that the redirect at the mortal realm s post offices worked , sir .  newline newline  well , kringle already had the redirect in place for his precious letters from all the children in the realm and go  he signed off on it . it was nt a stretch for me ... ahem ... him ... to simply redirect the redirect .  kris laughed , a booming ohhoho that sounded like it was coming from the bottom of a well where someone was about to flay the flesh from someone else . newline newline and then he shimmered , ever so briefly , and ellie saw him as he truly was for a moment  a great red creature , with horns and glowing orange eyes  but the moment passed in the blink of an eye , and  kris  again smiled at her .  that little mortal bitch thought she could get rid of me ?   newline newline eleanor kringle smiled . she was nt kris s wife , but she played the part for the sake of appearances ... and after a few millennia , she d gotten to hate his workaholic ways . at least this  kris  was willing to delegate more of his responsibilities and focus on her . newline newline  she may have taken me down ,  lucifer said with a smirk ,  but i m never out .     why is our grandmother outside with a trench gun ?  newline newline i tried to stop her . really , i did . she was in front of the television , watching a rerun of storage wars , when they had a news break . newline newline as soon as she heard the congress had abolished medicare and defunded social security , gran dropped her knitting on the floor , then knocked over the coffee table , on her way to the hall closet . newline newline she came out of there with grandpa s old winchester 97 and two ammo cans full of round shot . newline newline all i heard her say on her way out was that she d  taught that little cocksucker in second grade . and he ai nt got no bright . an excerpt from the diary of sir marcellus of the holy cross : newline newline  24th sun of the feast month . newline newline the sun . thats the first thing you notice about the place . no matter the season , the sun is present . like an all seeing eye it looms over the land , grossly incandescent , shining upon both the brown earth and blue coast alike . though its rays dry up the earth , it has led to tenacious wildlife , and a tenacious people who settled this land at the very edge of their empire . newline newline being a port city , has led to the evolution of a truly unique locale . trade and promises of a better life in the empire have brought people from all across the realm to seek their fortunes amidst the steel spires that hungrily claw at the sky . they come by boat , by airship , by caravan , all seeking opportunity . and there is no shortage of opportunities , especially in the military district where gray warships of metal , carrying the fire and wrath of dragons patiently wait for the call to arms , floating like silent sentinels . but the jewel of the empire is not simply a hive of warmongerers . it is also a hub for culture , entertainment , and food . renowned as one of the best , if not the oldest , collection of breweries and distilleries , the ales and spirits of the city have quickly won fame around the empire as alchemical masterpieces . additionally there are athletic competitions where the physical elite seek to test themselves against the best of the empire . there are also scholarly colleges scattered across the city , offering instruction on a wide reange of topics from economics to peacekeeping . additionally there are numerous museums dedicated to many artistic , historical , and zoological topics . in fact , the city s menagerie of beasts stands as one of the most prominent in the empire , boasting a robust collection of exotic and sometimes extinct creatures . all of these features come together to create a unique locale.truly a nexus of people and ideas , carried by boat and airship and caravan . newline newline of course , people also come by foot . refugees clamouring for succor . fleeing the kingdoms far to the south . the empire has a , complicated , relationship with these people . some citizens see these refugees as the new pesants , taking up the unwanted yoke of servitude that many have desired to shed . others see them as marauders , an unofficial invasion force , here to claim the empire s coin as their own , here to unrightfully suckle upon the teat of our kindness . what the empire will do with these people is unclear at the moment , though there has been much clamouring for the house of laws and the house of the emperor to take action . the situation however , become more and more grim with each passing day , as the city fills beyond its capacity . it is only a matter of time before something happens . i d be the first to admit that i m a man of few talents , but what i do , i do well . in my line of work it goes without saying that the more famous you are the less useful anyone with half a brain would find you . nobody knows my name , and very few know my face , so if someone has a problem that falls within my area of expertise , i deal with it . i leave no trace , and i go on living comfortably until it s time to top up my bank account . i ve never considered doing anything else . i had a clean conscience , as far as i could tell . or maybe no conscience  i suppose i wouldn  t really be the best judge , though i do have a strict no children or animals rule , so i guess that s something . newline newline i take four contracts a year , and i ve been doing this for a long time . the people who can afford me tend to run in some fairly unique circles , so i ve found myself involved in some odd shenanigans . as a matter of fact this wasn  t even the first time i ve been paid to deal with someone in prison , though in that case it was more of an  if he stays in there he ll talk  situation . nothing like this . newline newline i was just finishing breakfast when i met the client . most mornings i ate on the balcony of the house i was renting , overlooking surfrider beach , because it felt like something that someone who had a balcony overlooking a beach would do . there were two ways onto that balcony , through the house , and up a flight of creaky old wooden stairs that led straight to the beach . he could only have come up the stairs since the front door was locked , though anyone approaching the house should have had the dog barking either way . but the first thing i heard was his introduction . newline newline  beautiful morning.  newline newline i didn  t react right away , although hearing his voice out of nowhere came as something of a surprise . still , whoever he was he obviously intended to catch me off guard , so i would do my best to throw him off his . newline newline  sure is.  newline newline i let my gaze linger on the ocean for a moment before turning to him with my best approximation of a friendly grin . he was clean shaven , with neatly trimmed saltandpepper hair and a white suit that made me think of colonel sanders , and he was smirking in a way that did nothing to set me at ease .  can i help you with something ?  newline newline  i suspect that you can my friend , though whether or not you will is another story.  newline newline he strode over and leaned up against the railing in front of me , dropping a manilla folder onto the table as he passed .  i know it s your offseason and all , but i have a project kicking around and i thought  well , i was hoping really that you might be interested.  newline newline that was when i started to become agitated . this was not how i conducted my business . i do nt take cold calls . when i m ready to start looking for a job , i put feelers out . i may not know people , but i know types of people , i know who to look for to find a job when i m good and ready and i give a different name each time . i do nt have references . my last job is always at least five states away from my next one . and another thing , he was right about this being my off season . i take four contracts a year , no more no less . one every three months . the first eight weeks are metime , after which i start looking for my next contract . i complete the job as quickly as possible , just in case anybody gets cold feet , but it s nice to have that month in there for a buffer in case things are slow or i need more prep time . if there s any time left over i usually blow some money on a trip somewhere . been on a few cruises . even went on safari once , but by the first of the month i m always in my new rental  paid in cash  , five states away from the last job and with eight weeks of metime to look forward to . newline newline colonel sanders showed up in the middle of week five before i d even begun to think about the next job , and he should have had no inkling of how i ran my schedule . i doubted that he was a fed , but that didn  t mean he wouldn  t cause problems , so i reached for the folder and did my best to maintain the neighbourly persona i already regretted adopting . at least until i could figure out what his game was . newline newline  interested in what ?  i leafed through the contents of the folder with what i intended as a quizzical expression on my face until i came upon a photograph of a man in a prison jumpsuit . i held it up to him .  who s this ?  newline newline colonel sanders smiled .  that s the man i want you to kill.  newline newline i stopped smiling , stopped looking confused .  and why would i do that ?  my intention was to leave an opening for him to offer up payment , but it would seem that my intentions were more or less irrelevant that day . newline newline colonel sanders laughed .  well now that is an interesting question , and i do nt think that the answer is going to be quite what you re expecting . i want you to kill that man because it s the right thing to do.  newline newline i stared at him .  the right thing to do ?  newline newline he nodded .  the whole sob story is there in the folder , but i ll give you the cliff notes version . twelve years ago the man in the photograph was part of a street gang . pretty small time stuff for the most part , but he and four others were part of a botched mugging involving a senators daughter and her boyfriend . long story short the boyfriend tried to fight back and got a bullet in the stomach for his trouble , at which point the girl gets excited and gets beaten to death for hers . our man there has his prints on the gun and a broken toe from all the kicking , so he goes down for both . meanwhile the senator starts a crusade against this gang in particular and has it wiped out within a year , at which point he turns his attention to the family of our patsy here , who coincidentally find themselves being either financially ruined or simply . . . eliminated through the use of certain proxies  newline newline  what is your point ?  i break in , unsure of why i m still humouring this guy . i typically do nt bother with backstory . why people need me is none of my business , i m just a means to an end . newline newline he raised his hands in apology .  i get carried away . but my point is , this man has nothing left to live for . no hope of getting out , no hope for a normal life , no one left to care about and no one left who cares about him . regardless of whether or not he passed the gun to one of his buddies who shot the kid , or did the shooting himself . or whether he broke his toe on the girls skull or stubbed it on a rock running away from the scene . he regrets it . he s a shell , broken , guilt ridden and irreparable . he s an example of a life wasted , and he just wants it to end.  newline newline i skim over some of the files in the folder while he s jabbering .  he s already on death row . seems like he ll get his wish sooner or later.  newline newline the colonels smile fades and his expression grows dark .  that s the problem . he s in agony right now . he ca nt wait until they let him die . he s on suicide watch already.  newline newline  if he did what he s been convicted of maybe he s exactly where he should be.  newline newline i do nt know what made me say it , maybe i was just trying to brush him off , but it was obvious from the bemused look on his face that i d had the exact opposite effect . newline newline  was that a moral proclamation ?  he asked wryly .  i had no idea that someone with your mindset was capable of such a line of thinking.  newline newline  and what mindset is that ?  newline newline  you think of yourself as a tool  he said .  a means to an end , so to speak . you provide a service and others utilize it as they see fit.  newline newline  and if i do ,  i interjected .  does that preclude me from making morale judgements ?  newline newline he nodded in concession .  i suppose it doesn  t , but i do find it interesting that our subject here , whether he killed the boy or the girl or both of them or neither , is overcome by guilt and shame for inadvertently affecting so many lives with those two deaths.  he looked me in the eye .  you ve killed four people every year for over a decade . how many lives do you think you ve affected ?  newline newline i stand up . it s time to cut the shit . he knows who i am and what i do and i m finished playing games . newline newline  i would like for you to answer two questions.  i say , as calmly as i can .  how do you know what you know about me.  i snatch up the folder on the table and wave it in his face .  and is this a real contract or just some fucked up guilttrip attempt you cooked up ?  newline newline colonel sanders stands up and walks around to the side of the table , reaching into his jacket and pulling out a second manilla folder . newline newline  to answer your first question it would be best to say that i m very keen to keep track of opportunities , and leave it at that.  newline newline he smiles and hands me the second folder .  as for your second question you could say it s a bit of both , if you like , although the guilttrip is really more of a counterincentive.  newline newline  a counterincentive for what ?  i ask , through clenched teeth . newline newline  for my second contract.  he says , gesturing to the new folder in my hand .  details inside , but suffice it to say that subject isn  t nearly as interesting as the first one . i do nt know much about him at all to be honest . he s a guard at san quentin , where subject 1 resides.  newline newline  and what , after all of this makes you think that i would take one contract from you , let alone two ?  newline newline  well i never said anything about having you complete two contracts . you will complete one , or the other.  newline newline  oh will i ?  newline newline his face once again grew serious .  if you complete the contract on subject 1 , there will be no payment.  newline newline i almost laughed at that .  well sorry , but i do nt usually work probono.  i said dryly . newline newline he continued as if i hadn  t spoken .  if you complete the contract on subject 1 , you will be releasing a tormented man from a torturous existence . he can rest . his victims can rest . all those affected by his actions can hopefully gain some measure of peace . but you will not be paid for the job.  newline newline   continued in reply  maximilian v. richter was what the mechanized armour stand i stepped into said.. the red trimmed brass armor pieces covered my body and locked into place . the other armored up and grabbed their single edged swords , attached bucklers to their forearms and loaded their pistols , putting a few mags on their belts . newline newline newline  iron saboteurs , brace !  a voice said , and the booms below said that it was show time . the side of the airship opened up just in time for us to don our red and brass helmets . we peered over the edges and readied grappling hooks in the left gauntlets . fire came up from the ground at them to defend the armor transport they were spying , but the iron saboteurs don  t flinch at such sights , i personally welcome them . i was the first to leap and after a moment or hesitation or two the others followed . newline newline newline the armor transport  s sails went full cover when the hooks dug into the metal hull , and we saboteurs left a few gifts to make up for the piercing of the hull . the engines roared to life as if to announce the iron saboteurs reeling themselves on deck . following procedure our bucklers were expanded to large round shields . the engineers and sailors on the metal deck of the ship weren  t sure what to make of what looked like five balls appearing over the railing . the armor present , steam powered constructs with automatic crossbows for one arm and swords for the other fired at the saboteurs . the deflected bolts lay at our feet , not even denting the shields . newline i took cover , ramming into the confused sailors in my way shield first , and taking confirmatory glances once i was settled in . i then took a few shoots , peering from the side of my shield and approaching slowly . just like in practice the shots dug into the legs of the automatons and grounded them , lessening the thick stream of bolts coming towards my side . newline newline attention was successfully directed towards me , and rather than pounding his shield with bolts the things came with great haste , only to get shot in the back by the other saboteurs . the ship violently rocked hard to port , our presents went off . the ship  s alarms started to blare and a behemoth roared to life . steam poured violently from the construct  s core , curling the flesh of the sailors too close to it . it identified the saboteurs as we raised our shields and charged . this goldplated monstrosity had a heavy rifle on one hand and a rotating serrated blade on the other . and the slow precise shots broke through the guard of the iron saboteurs one by one , our shields were undented but the energy transfer knocked them off their feet and sliding to across the deck . newline i was the last one standing and ducked the machine  s shot before going into a quick slide . my blade brimming with electricity sliced the construct  s ankle . the result steam blast took me off my feet and i deeply dented one of the cabin  s walls . i smiled despite my pain , this armor transport was going down . newline newline struggling to my feet , there was no doubt i  d need a week  s leave . and then the ship was hit by what had to be turbulence from hell , a wave of heat and screaming from the bridge said otherwise . the ship launched me free in that moment , along with anything not bolted down . newline newline lucky for me on the way down one of the other saboteurs grabbed me and we floated down in a parachute . i spied my helmet not far off while gathering my thoughts and catching my breath . newline none of us pack explosives strong enough to take down a transport.i reasoned finally . and then we were caught in the shadow of something . i looked up to see zeppelin the size of a cityscape blotting out the sun , it was a vision of hell . craning my head back in time to see the zeppelin  s cannons cutting a swathe through the allied forces airship line was aweinspiring and gutwrenching . newline newline  what do we do ?  my brother in arms asked . newline newline  fight.  i calmly replied , getting up and fitting the dislodged helmet back in its place . newline an anchor from one of the surviving ships landed ten meters off where we were along with orders to get on it . newline i covered the distance in a few seconds and endured the bonejarring ride up to the ship . the anchor carried me to the interior of a ship where an engineer and an inventor started blabbing things and i took in none . the ringing head , aching body and all encompassing fear were not conducive to understanding . they ushered me to some type of aircraft suspended over the open air . it much smaller than an airship and using a four bladed device mounted on the front for propulsion . its frame was moulded after that of a dragon , and with no understanding of how to fly it i was strapped in and given control . newline newline they dropped the craft into the fray . i intuitively grabbed the stick and assumed the button was to make the thing fire . the ground to air fire was too cumbersome to hit such a fast moving target , and the armor and troop transports unarmed . the high speed volley of bullets erupting from each bullet press tore open hulls , killed pilots in the bridge and send the ships to the floor when they found themselves in the engines . newline newline the main zeppelin was no such pushover , exploding flak started to fill the air on approach . jerking the new invention about the skylines was the only way to keep it aloft . after finally arriving close enough i peppered the envelope with as many bullet as possible and steered the craft away to make another pass . not noticing the man on the fins until it was too late , the craft was open and flying just right so he didn  t have to lead much . the aircraft was shredded by flak , but not before i unbuckled myself from the flying machine . my sword fell to the fin and even if i made a shot that shoulder mounted flak cannon would checker my armor . a quick grappling hook to the fin and careful angling of the swing and i was on the fin . newline newline  gun on the ground.  the man ordered , i now saw he was joined by another one . both yelling due to the wind . complying was always a better option than tempting a man with a bigger gun , so i did . newline newline  we don  t take prisoners.  i smirked , knowing they didn  t hear the hydraulics of the armor when i kicked the sparking sword through the parts of the zeppelin and into the gas bag . i leapt free as the men fired after me . the blast knocking out my hearing meant that the monstrosity was no more newlinei missed him so much . newline newline newline the order has come like they always have , disobeying rules , disregarding common courtesies , and detaining anyone they saw as a threat . somehow , our genetic code had adapted , and our species had evolved , but we had not become a different species  instead we take defining traits from another species . the ones who did not evolve formed the order , to make sure we didnt get out of control . looking at fossil remain of the first homo sapien ancestors , they realized that we could take their place as dominant species just like they had done to the other humanoid species . newline newline newline i remember the day they came for him so vividly . somehow , some monster had escaped from the vast wildlife reserves the order had fenced in . it had a pointed ears , greyish fur and stood on four legs . its muscular build and sharp teeth protruding from its growling snout made the hair on my neck raise . the worst part about it was the look it had and the aura it gave off , ravenous hunger and a cunning spirit . newline newline newline the sound of his brave , strong voice yelling  run !  combined with the realization that the undertones of his voice were filled with terror was the only thing that snapped me out of my frightened , frozen state . my mind immediately made my legs move and i ran away to the closest hiding spot i could find . panic had set in , and i was not thinking clearly , but through all this he stayed behind to fight . newline newline newline after my breathing and heartbeat slowed and i came to my senses i realized i had left him behind to fight that monster . just as i was about to leave my hiding spot , i saw a shadow . scared , i closed my eyes , accepting the worst , until warm arms embraced me . newline newline newline  everything is going to be alright ,  he said lovingly , but the moment he touched me i already knew that . i opened my eyes to see blood all over him , his shirt ripped , bite marks on his shoulder . newline newline newline  we need to go get help , you re unbelievably hurt !  i screeched , almost yelling at him for getting hurt this much . newline newline newline  we ca nt ...  he muttered .  i killed it .  newline newline newline within hours , the order came . we were in his house tending to his wounds , when they knocked on the door . once his mother opened it , they pushed her aside , told everyone to back away from him . they said he was under arrest for killing a wolf . when his father refused , they tased him , and he fell to the floor . newline newline newline how did they find out ? we didnt tell anyone . no one saw us . this impossible ,  i thought . my mind raced to try to find an excuse . the moment i opened my mouth , one of them hit me with the back of his hand . newline newline newline  no !  he screamed , and for some reason i felt the cunning aura again . he lashes out and threw one of them into the other , knocking both down . the guards outside heard the commotion and came in with these massive guns . newline newline newline at this moment , i went numb . the guards and what was my boyfriend now seemed entangled in a struggle for life . they had begun shooting these darts out of their guns , but could not take him down with them . he killed three of them , until finally whatever the darts had in them worked . newline newline newline the rest of the day was a blur . i was upset , lonely , furious , scared . i was feeling every emotion except happiness , and it left my body weary and tired . i cried until i could nt anymore , and then let sleep take me . newline newline newline it has been a month since that event took place , and i still do nt know what to do . everything i have tried to see him or get him back has not worked . newline newline newline as i walked , pitying myself , leaving my minds to my thoughts , i remembered all the fun we had and experiences we shared . from our first meeting to our first date to our first kiss . tears filled my eyes , but i held them back , trying make myself go numb to the pain again . newline newline newline somehow , i ended up in the place where it began . the dumb coyote  or whatever they called it should have never come . if the order had done their job in the beginning this never would have happened . newline newline newline i sat down with a sigh , and immediately felt something wet . disgusted , i jumped up , and looked down in shock . i had crushed this little brown creature that kind of looked like pinkish , brown spaghetti , except fatter . newline newline newline immediately , my mind jumped to the worst outcome . i am next . they are coming for me  , was all i could think . even though my mind was panicking and my thoughts were jumbled , i felt something strange . newline newline newline my mind stopped , and began to focus on this feeling . i felt the presence of something behind the wall about 30 feet to my left . somehow , i knew it was standing on two feet . as it pushed off the ground to take a step , i felt its muscles tense and create vibrations in the ground . then , all its weight shifted to one foot . next , its other foot landed . newline newline newline what is going on ?  i thought , utterly baffled by what happened . as i began to focus more , i could feel many different vibrations , and i could pinpoint their locations . i felt a group of five begin to run to my location , and paranoia set in . newline newline newline not knowing what to do , i began to go numb , like i always have . but this time , the vibrations kept waking me out of my frozen state . i reacted without thinking , moving away from the entrance to the artificial garden , looking for an escape . newline newline newline then i felt it . a door somewhere was closed , which sent vibrations through the wall , which gave me a layout of the wall , revealing its hollowness . i quickly found a loose sheet of metal , and slid in between the walls just as the group entered the garden . newline newline newline edit : double spacing . also i realized that my story did nt follow the prompt , but whatever hate me for it , like me for it , delete it , do whatever . its better than no stories being posted .the weather was nice at this time of year in moscow . it was midsummer and president barack hussein obama was on a diplomatic visit in the kreml to discuss the reduction in the two countries  respective nuclear arsenals . mostly , the whole thing was for show for the press , to give the media some nice photos to put on their covers . well , their 5th or 6th pages at least . the important things were left to both countries  military and foreign ministries . newline newline after some long speeches , standing behind podiums , the formalities were done and obama stood next to putin , as the two shook hands , talked and posed for the cameras . at this point , of course , obama knew that it hardly mattered what he said . it was at this point , that something came to his mind . he had asked his russia advisor for some phrases he could use in their language . so he said to putin :  you know , i have learned some things since we last met . let me see , if i get this right .  , and then , in broken russian :   the weather is nice   . the shocked , pale face of putin was the last thing he saw , because he had accidentaly said a predetermined save word , that the russian head of state was given in case something went disastrously wrong . it caused a russian secret service agent to shoot the u.s. president and put the military in high alert  because of the retaliation that was sure to come  , while putin was hurriedly rushed away , constantly saying in russian :  no , no , this is a mistake  . newline newline newline meanwhile , the u.s. saw this as a declaration of war and started mobilizing it s troops as well . hundreds of thousands of phones rang as all u.s. reserve troops were called into service and everyone working for the government overall called into office . in europe and other allied countries , both for russia and the u.s. , the same happened . newline newline at this point , disaster could still have been averted , if in china , there had nt been a sack of rice that fell over . it fell on the russian ambassadors  head , who was just minding his own business shopping , which made china think there had been a political assassination on chinese soil , made by the cia . this , in addition to the fear of no one standing up to the u.s. and its  allies in the future if russia lost , caused them to join the russian side and , in overeagerness , retaliate against u.s. ambassadors and citizens , holding them hostage in exchange for their own . newline newline this provocation caused the u.s. to declare war on china and russia , seeing no viable alternative at this point , followed suit .november 13th , 2015 . newline this is my first entry . ten days ago , a nuclear device detonated in d.c . some of us think it s north korea but we re not sure . the army tried to take the power but people answered with civil unrest and riots . quickly , states began to secede . first california , texas , the manhattan commune , new england . newline me , i live in chigago . the freedom warlords had taken power . this city is going crazy . streets are nt safe , they shoot on everybody . i m fucking scared . newline newline november 14th , 2015 . newline apparently , a joined task force from the european union came into washington to help the wounded and to evacuate them . we ca nt even help ourselves . food is running low . the freedom warlords are taking everyone in the streets to fight for them . against the enemy . newline newline november 30th 2015 . newline i went out a few times to get out food . i nearly get killed each time . i ca nt join everyone , not even my parents . i want to go home . i hope these european troops can help me . i will try to join norfolk . i have to go back to the uk . newline newline december 3rd , 2015 . newline two guys tried to come into my appartement last night . they had a shotgun and a 9mm . i jumped on one of them , took the shotgun , shot one of them in the head and aim the other . this is my neighbor . he look at me , beg for mercy with his eyes . i shot him by accident . i did nt wanted to . his head covered my appartement . i ca nt stay here . newline newline december 7th 2015 . newline i took my passeport and everything i might need . i put it in a backpack and my car . i drove . i m halfway . i ve seen people killing each other for a car , people moaning for help in car crash ... i even have a bullet hole into my windshield now ! newline newline december , 8th , 2015 . newline some dudes robbed me . when i saw them i tried to hid , but they saw me . they took all i got , but they left me my passeport . now i have nothing . no food , no water , no weapons . i will continue to reach norfolk . newline newline december , 15th , 2015 . newline i found everything i need in the trunk of an accidented car . newline the news says that california and texas gone into a full blown war and los angeles was hit by ten nuclear missiles from texas . this is crazy , i have to reach norfolk . newline newline december , 24th , 2015 . newline they finally let me inside the base when i showed them my passeport . i was taken in charge by uk troops , they say we are gon na go home soon . newline newline december , 26 , 2015 . newline the french aircraft carrier charles de gaulle is completely overcrowded . i sleep inside the huge hangar right under a rafale . there is children , teenagers , grandmothers , everything . i maybe be able to go home .i feel completely rested , i ca nt remember the last time i slept that well . today is going to be a great day . newline newline i roll over in bed and check my alarm clock , expecting it to beep any moment . my whole world goes upside down when i see the blinking 12:00 . the power went out , i ve overslept . im going to be late . i d rather die than be late today . newline newline i m out of bed with a thunk on the floor , there is no breakfast today , no shower , i do nt have time to check my email . i need to get dressed , need to leave . if i m late , i m dead . and not in just a figurative way  they will literally kill me for being late today . newline newline this day of all days , why did i have to oversleep . newline newline i m out of the house in 8 minutes wearing yesterdays outfit from the laundry basket . no one cares what you are wearing , only that you are there today . and i m not there ... .i m so dead . newline newline i m easily doubling the speed limit in my little convertible , there are no other cars on the road , everyone s already there . to be here is unacceptable , to be there is godly . i want to walk hand in hand with my people and see the face of god , but i m here and not there ... .i m so dead . newline newline i come up on the exit , i can make out the structure from the highway . it s so much bigger than i ever imagined . i can see the cars and the people there as little specks in the distance . the field in front of the structure is full of people , they are all there , and i m still here . newline newline i m really flying now , easily going 100mph , i m only a few miles away from the structure now . i m hitting people now , other stragglers like me who did nt bother to drive , who barely bothered to dress themselves , they are running in the middle of the road to get there , to the structure . i m killing dozens of people now , and it does nt matter , they are already dead . to be here and not there is to die . i do nt want to die , i have to be there . newline newline i drive as close as i can before ditching out of the moving vehicle at about 20 mph , there is no use in parking , the car is meaningless now . i m here , i can see it now . i heard it was going to be finished yesterday and that today was the final most important touch . the most amazing part of building any structure , the coating of fresh , pure , paint had been applied in the wee hours this morning . i could still smell the acrid smell of it , still see the rolling drops of it ... fresh paint before it dried ... how could you be anywhere else ? newline newline i m there now , there is here , and here is where everyone else is . we are all looking at the same thing , to miss out on this sight would be unbearable . to be anywhere but here would be unfathomable , to be there , that is , here , is to be truly alive . i ca nt break my gaze , everyone else goes out of focus . i look up at the freshly painted building , it is magnificently white and is godlike in its purity ... .it s so beautiful .a stubborn child dreams of the sky with his feet placed firmly on the ground . the day glen receive his wings , the only thing he wanted to do was parade it in front of his mother s face . newline newline so many times , burning itself into his memory , she had told him that he would never be able to fly . the sky was for the birds , she said . glen was envious of his feathered friends . they seemed free in a way that he was not . newline newline 1903 , the wright brothers had done it . news swept the nation . glen was seven years old that day . planes , that was the way to the sky . newline newline glen had worked with his father , a cobbler , until he found his calling . the military had expanded upon the wright brother s work and had outfitted the planes with guns , turning them into weapons of war . this was the only way glen would ever be able to fly . newline newline at seventeen years of age , glen joined the united states military . newline newline at twenty one , glen was one of the first pilots of the u.s. air service . his mother had passed away two years prior , she never had the chance to see him fly . the next year , the great war erupted in europe . newline newline when the u.s. became involved , glen was selected to fly overseas . he flew against the germans with a frenchman at his side . the world seemed to open up to him the higher he flew . he had never met any foreigners until he was fighting with or against them . newline newline glen performed admirably during his service , but he had suffered great injury when his plane fell apart upon landing , shatter both his legs . newline newline he did nt live to very old age , but his dreams had been achieved . though he suffered at times , glen flourished for the sake of flight . newline newline had he ever simply allowed himself to believe , with none of his efforts being necessary , he had only needed to reach up and try  then he would have known that all along , he could fly . sites below the ground come with sounds too . they  re hollow , like wind through a tunnel , very soft . time helps sites sleep . a town covered by a lava flow loses its voice after a while . ancient sites almost have no sound at all.  newline newline newline this morning leora walked over a patch of earth , with large high clearance cars creeping behind her . men and women wore hats that covered their necks in cloth , with binoculars hanging below their chins and shovels tossed in the trunks of their cars . i sat in a front seat , windshield dusty and a dream catcher swaying dumbly as the car wobbled to a stop . we all started hopping down from our vehicles . her stopping meant she found something and it was time to dig . i raced towards her with allen , the other leader of the crew , holding our hats in the wind . newline newline  what is here ?  allen asked her . leora jumped and spun around to us , her eyes wide and filled with tears . newline newline  we can not stop here  she insisted . allen squinted in the arid heat against flying grains of sand . he looked at me , perplexed , and back at leora . newline newline  what is here ?  he repeated . newline newline leora looked at her feet , lifting them as if the ground was heating up beneath her . she shook her head .  not here !  she shouted over the wind . around us people were gathering with their tools , anxious and waiting for directions . a man tried to light a cigarette but failed . newline newline  why ?  i asked . leora looked distracted . she whipped her head about , looking frantically at her feet . she spun around several times , pausing , blinking with frustration . her lips trembled . she was listening to something . newline newline  it  s so loud  she said to herself , her mouth twisted in fear . tear streaks crossed her face , making strips of mud on her dusty skin . she blinked some more before she made eye contact with me .  it  s loud , we have to leave !  newline newline  i know it  s loud.  yelled allen , gesturing at the weather . sand hissed against our boots and stung our faces . leora wasn  t talking about the weather . i recalled something she told me in a tent a month ago , and i knew she meant the site . suddenly she turned from us and sprinted . i looked behind myself to see what she was running from . all our crews stood looking after her , just as confused as i was . i looked at her again , a small figure shrinking . then her body was instantly dragged into the ground and she was gone . newlinethe room had significantly more flies in it than i had left it with . having a corpse rot inside it for a day or two seemed to do that . newline newline life is full of a thousand little coincidences , and this was one of them . in front of me laid the bloated corpse of a man i had shot dead . a week ago , he would have been up and talking , running his mouth about some very dire matters , while pointing a gun at me . newline newline  you sadistic son of a bitch . i know it was you . you took my son and you turned him into a killer . you re a fucking cop.. jesus , a fucking cop..  newline newline  whatya think they ll do to you , frank , my man ? you know much about crime scene procedure ? you think you ll just walk out of here a free man ? you know what cops do to cop killers ?  newline newline  fuck you ! you corrupted my son . you twisted his mind , and had him kill a man for you . then you shot him , to cover it up .  newline newline  you got any proof for those accusations ? let s say i did perform a nice little brainjob on frankie jr. , who s he gon na tell ? frank , your son is dead . so what , i guess you shoot me now ? this ends in blood one way or the other , you know .  newline newline  i got something worse for you planned out . you know what they do to cops in prison ?  newline newline  what s that , frankie ?  newline newline  they ll tear you to piece..  i lunged at him . he was atleast fifty , and not a young fifty either . i struggled for control of the gun , the strong bastard fighting until the very end . as i overpowered him , and placed the muzzle against his chin , i knew what i would do , and what i would say . newline newline and so now that i stood here , on duty , investigating this man with a gunshot in his head , and a vendetta against your humble detective , i realized the truth of it . newline newline it was a suicide . he had wanted to die , one way or the other . newline newline i had just pulled the trigger . gloves are a lifesaver , no stress , no mess . newline newline it got me thinking as to how many of these killings i had investigated had any link to myself . i mean , sometimes , they did . there was the gangland shooting , where i played both sides against eachother , making sure that anyone who had seen my face or knew my name ended up in a bodybag . there was the time i torched old mickey s bar , but that wound up being handled by that prick granby . granby , now there was a one for the nut wards . thought he was a herotype . soon , one of these days , he d be the dead type . newline newline there is nt any room for mercy , or morality in my line of work . and while i dress as a shepherd , i am the wolf . but it has to be that way . newline newline i kill because i care . one day , granby would wind up in my sights , and he would die . maybe from a suicide too , or maybe he would be shot be crackheads . sometimes i changed it up , but the old classics were always good . newline newline i filed my report . man found dead in hotel room , single gunshot wound to head , caliber matching weapon present on him . probable suicide . newline newline the status quo was god . newline newline behold , this act of greatest depravity !  newline newline sir richard kicked the bucket over , spilling dirty water all over the cobblestones . newline newline  in honor of you , uh ... who gets dirty water ? ibonek is in charge of general filth , but she who shouts keeps popping up in bogs and sewers ...  newline newline  hey , richard !   yelled a young villager perched on a fence nearby . newline newline  yo !  newline newline   you know you re pretty shit at this evil thing , right ?   newline newline  what do you mean ?  richard asked as he shook the bucket to get the last of the discolored liquid out . newline newline   i ve heard stories about fallen paladins ,   injected a nearby farmhand .   and surely you must have fought some in your time . they re always disgracing maidens , slaughtering cattle , and tying elven princesses over ancient cauldrons bubbling with foul brews mixed with the liquid scum of corruption itself . you re just kicking over rotten fences and spooking horses in the night .   newline newline richard set down the bucket , observing his alreadydrying handiwork . newline newline  ah , yes , but while saint ivy was in my charge and therefore her death was my responsibility  hence pyre stripping my holy protection and charring my armor , as you can see  my failure to protect her was not an intentional or even inherently evil act , meaning my fall was more of a formality than an act of vengeance by pyre or the saint s spirit . but i ve still been more or less excommunicated from the faith and organization that i ve spent most of my life in service to , not to mention the technical saint s blood on my hands , so as kneejerk reaction my mind went to becoming evil as a form of selfpenance and supposed vengeance against those who wronged  me . so i m using these misdemeanors as a way to mollify my subconscious while i m trying to figure out what i m going to work towards in the future  i m leaning towards redemption , myself , although i ve heard there s a security company over in griffin and steel that s looking for experienced fighters and commanders  as well as relieve stress in a way that s minimally harmful to the community .  newline newline a silence fell over the small group in the wake of the sudden exposition . richard tilted his head back , squinting at the sun through the eye slit of his helmet . newline newline  depravity is thirsty work . anyone want to go get a mead at the tavern ?  newline newline   a mead ? it s hardly after noon .   newline newline  i know ! this will surely please ... hmm ... ah , screw it . let s just go . my phone slipped out of my hand and hit the floor . no longer was i worried about the work i had on my desk in front of me , nor did i care about hunger , thirst , or that everyone in the office was looking at me . all of that was pushed back into my head not mattering in the peripheral vision of my mind s eye . in my numbness , i did nt notice that i had grabbed my keys , put on my jacket , and headed outside until my boss asked me what i was doing . i looked at him like he had been speaking in tongues until i managed to stammer  wendy just called  my house was broken into .  newline newline newline his expression immediately changed from  get back to work  to one of shock . he mumbled ,  jeez , uh , good luck ...  as some of our nosier coworkers started gossiping . however , i did nt care  i was nt there with them , i was nt in my car driving home , and i certainly was nt with my phone on the floor of my office , which i had forgotten . only when i stood there did my mind fully return to me . newline newline newline wendy gave me a shortversion of what had happened . she came home to find the door ajar , which was the first red flag . entering our home , she gasps at the obvious ransacking that had befallen our house . she accounted for the tv and other valuables everything was present , if messy . newline newline newline when i entered the house , i stayed on autopilot until my feet found their way up the stairs and into our bedroom . i saw exactly what i d feared most  my entire closet was gone . just gone . no carpet , no doors splintered wood littered the ground and area where the doorframe once was . newline newline newline wendy had followed me upstairs . she saw me staring at the empty space where my closet once was , and said what anyone other than myself would probably say .  what the hell ?  i stared at the lack of a closet , and began to weep silently . after i had regained my composure thanks to her , wendy went downstairs to greet the police that she d called for . newline newline newline while the sheriff and her debated how an entire closet could go missing , i knew the truth . the cop asked her if there were any openings wide enough for a whole closet to escape from our bourse through . no , she answered . the sheriff found their breakin guy and asked wendy if there was anything worth this effort in the closet . they had no idea , which visibly perplexed the policemen . the sheriff then asked nobody in particular ,  and where did this closet go , dammit ?  newline newline newline technically , nowhere it was in the same exact spot it was years ago . i wondered how many years it went .at first it felt like floating . i thought the afterlife must be made of clouds , and if i opened my eyes i would find myself drifting through them like a dandelion seed caught on the wind . it was such a giddy feeling , being new again , that i did nt even notice the pressure tugging me to all sides , slowly pulling me down . newline newline newline i landed gently on soft ground , but it was nt right . something ingrained in my reborn self told me to keep going , to float a little further  to find a warmer , livelier place . are there livelier places in the afterlife , though ? is there ground ? i should open my eyes .  but i did not . newline newline newline i landed several more times , but none of them were right  none of them were  home  . something told me there was only one chance to find it , one chance to float in the ... not wind . no , there was too much pressure for air . i was floating but not flying . swimming . i m swimming !  i did nt even know how to swim . newline newline newline then , i felt it : warmth , life , ground . the presence of other beings , the feel of sunlight drifting in from above . on instinct , i reached out and grabbed the floor below me . i opened my eyes to see my new home  except i could nt . i have no eyes now . newline newline newline that was fifty years ago  i have nt moved since . newline newline newline i open when the sun comes out and close when it sets . my food drifts in through the water or lives in my mouth , trading nutrients with me in turn for safety and light . i can feel the heat from the day  i can feel fish and other wildlife swimming past  but , i can not see them . newline newline newline it s a strange thing  as a human , i left my hometown and never looked back , never stayed in one place for more than half a year . i wanted to see the whole world and very nearly did . i was always meeting new people , going to new places , trying new things . i could nt be stopped , even well into my old age , until life finally caught up and put a stop to mine . newline newline newline sometimes , as i wait here alone with my thoughts , i wonder if that s why i was born this way . i wonder whether i m balancing out the travel of my previous life . newline newline newline it is nt bad here  it s peaceful , and i m well protected . but even without eyes , i would like to roam again , to experience something new . i ca nt , though , not for another fifty years ... more , maybe . as long as i m alive , i will never leave this spot . it took a while to work out what i was , but i remember one thing from biology still . newline newline newline giant clams only have one chance to find home .our new math teacher is kind of strange . really strange . he walks into class wearing this odd , gothic outfit , with a hat on his head and a piece of cloth around his face  all you can see are his eyes . he s drenched in blood nine times out of ten . it s really quite disturbing . newline newline i m not sure how he does it , but he brings a weapon to school every day . it s always different , too . the first day he brought an axe and , when he flicked it , the handle extended by a few feet . the next day he brought in this weird sawblade contraption . this one transformed into a sword , more or less , but it was pretty cool . he also brought a more mild weapon which , at first glance , did nt really seem like a weapon . it was , of course  a cane with a sharp blade on the end . newline newline see , i like our new teacher , it s just that he does nt talk . instead , he writes these weird notes on the board , often cryptic in nature . on the first day of class he wrote ,  time for joy !  on another occasion , when we worked with partners , he wrote ,  a hunter is never alone .  like , what  s that supposed to mean anyways ? and then , after taking our first test , he put our class average on the board , a low score of sixtyeight , and wrote ,  nothing but grief here .  newline newline the notes became more annoying with each new lesson , because he always wrote the same thing .  treat problem with care .  sometimes he would gesture to a student , asking in his own special way for them to come up to the board and solve a problem for the class . if they ever got it wrong our teacher screamed in agony , sounding as if he was in the process of dying . then , if the class got too noisy , he would pull out whatever weapon he brought that day , wind it back over his shoulder until it sparkled at the tip , before slamming it down over the desk , creating a thousand pieces . it goes without saying that the school is not a fan of his teaching style . newline newline  several months later  newline newline the notes , weapons , and blood all proved to be distractions from an otherwise boring subject . all in all the teacher was pretty cool , though i never learned his name . at the end of each day he would walk over to this light post , bow , and disappear . we always gossiped as to where he went . unfortunately , we never found out . newline newline i was pretty bummed when the last day of school came along . despite not learning a single thing about math , i somehow passed the class . before the final bell rang our teacher wrote one final note ,  let the good blood guide your way ,  and , if i  m being honest , i  m still not sure what he meant by that , but i still think about it on occasion .sara was the first to do it . the first of the last 4 to leave . she wanted a quick slip into the void and we did our best to supply that request . we hanged her , or at least , made sure it was done correctly . i set up the space , the barn on the other side of the property  jon , he found the rope  and glen provided a bit of spirituality to it all she hoped that what she did could help sara end up on the stairs up rather than the pit down . newline newline it was cloudy , about to rain , just before sunset , and we stared at the door to the barn . we could just make out the lining of her body . sara climbed the stool , paused , then slipped her neck into the noose . she made a big swing of her hips , and just as her support tipped beneath her a gust of wind slammed the doors shut , lightning struck above , and we knew the universe had her to itself . newline newline jon , wanted a different way  shotgun , to the face . he asked me if i would be the one to do it . i hesitantly said no  but his eyes were pleading . i gave in to my own morals and instead said yes  i would do it . newline newline the next day he and i went to the house by the river and , surprisingly , he said that he would actually feel better if he spared me the gore and would do it himself . i thanked him , hugged him , and waited outside instead . he was my best friend , or at least as close as a person can become after a week being of the last 4 people on earth . newline newline jon walked himself into the great room  i stood beneath the floor , next to the garden , and looked out towards the distant mountain ridge . about a minute later jon pulled the trigger and an explosion erupted and echoed through the land . a stream of tears carved down my face , and i made a quick glance at the building only to be shocked at all the blood splattered on the window . it was grotesque , and i only hoped he was in a better place . newline newline glen was nowhere to be found after i left jon and went searching for her . she did say she wanted to do it alone , though i wish i could have said goodbye . i walked down the river , the only path other than up the small mountain , and then found her blouse , snagged along the other shoreline by a branch poking into the water . i guess she drowned herself . what an awful way to end your life , i thought . i did nt know her well , not like jon , but i said a quick prayer , in honor of her religion , then went away . newline newline well , now it was my time . i did choose to climb the mountain , to about a third of the way up where a section pokes out and a ledge opens to an at least 500foot drop . newline newline my fear of heights rattled inside me , but of course we were all so sure about what we were doing . i shimmied a little bit closer to the edge , at first taking in the beautiful view  what a world we lived in . so many wonders and things to explore when you re alive . and ... what am i doing , how can i rob myself of my own life ! ? surely it can not be up to my own wishes to end such a thing ! newline newline i then looked down to where my death would crunch into being . how horrendous ! no , i can not , should not be doing this . my dear friends may have already made their choices , but i wo nt make the same mistake . newline newline i climbed down to the land my friends and i once shared , and what a coincidence that i find three sons of bitches who faked their own deaths .my lower lip wiggled , but i quickly dryed my eyes on my sweater sleeve while his back was turned . newline  no , there is nt anything we can do .  i jutted my chin out . newline  why say it like that ! ?  i spat . newline  now calm down .  newline  this is a good thing ! being fearless is a good thing !  newline  sit back down , relax . the world can make accommodations for you .  newline  for what ? i do nt need any help !  i growled . the doctor sat in his swivelly blue cushioned stool , where i d been spinning and goofing off on just five minutes ago , when he was away . before the news . he rubbed his temples so that the wrinkles of his meltedlooking skin collected around his thumb and pointer finger . newline  a twelve year old boy has to be scared of something . something .  he said more to himself than to me . newline  nothing .  i said . my father s a fighter , super strength . my mother too . my sister s perfectly athletic , she can dodge , leap , skip , avoid  perfect for defense . they protect our city . they re fearless too , i guess . but they need their powers for assurance . i do nt . i m strong on my own . i do nt need this guy , and i do nt need to go back to school . i do nt need my parents  help , or lizzie s . i do nt need medicine . no treatments . i do nt . i do nt . i do nt ! i lept off the patient s table and raced out the pediatric s door before he could say another word to me . the world was huge , dangerous , full of powerful people taking care of them self . i can do this on my own . focus !  he snapped , his white beard flicking back and forth with each syllable . i rolled my eyes and looked towards the damned owl that served the old man as a second pair of eyes . newline newline  i m here ,  i answered in exasperation , unrolling a scroll and skimming it . the building of vayus the title read and i sighed . another history of the city ?  newline newline  in body , perhaps ,  the old man answered .  but in mind you are far away . tell me , young warrior woman ,  he continued mockingly .  what monsters are you fighting today in that head of yours ?  newline newline  old men who bore villagers to death ,  i answered testily and he chuckled . in front of me , alberth scribbled notes on his parchment , following every word the old man said . i glanced towards my sword , thinking of how enjoyable it would be to thwack him with the flat end a few times . the old man coughed at me and i looked back towards him .  what ?  i asked . newline newline  the building of vayus was not without action if it is boredom you are so worried about ,  he explained patiently .  the hill tribes killed many young men and violated countless young women before our forefathers drove them back into the mountains .  i shrugged . i had heard the story a dozen times . all the old ladies weaving baskets down in the market assumed i would be delighted to hear them drone about how the city was when they were born a hundred years ago . and this wrinkled old man with his protruding nose and his beard that curled down to his toes was even worse . each day , he badgered me about my studies until i caved and read another scroll while he talked and talked . i ll be as old as him by the time i m done ...  i thought to myself . newline newline  ... they never recovered sir arvan s mighty sword .  the old man droned on and i perked to attention , scowling for having missed the first part of the story .  some say nature claimed it as her own and that it is at the core of the largest tree in the dark forest . others say it is at the top of the tallest mountain , sitting in the first place the sun shines each morning and the last place it shines each night .  newline newline  why is this sword so special ?  i interrupted and the old man finally smiled at me . newline newline  ah , now you are interested , i see .  i rolled my eyes but nodded , leaning forwards on the rock i sat on . alberth had stopped his incessant scribbling and now looked up towards the old man .  this sword was not crafted like any other sword . a small man made it , the last dwarf , some say . the steel was forged in the embers of a phoenix and cooled in the watery blood of a kraken . invincible , some say it was , and light as a feather but capable of slicing through steel and stone and even dragonhide as easily as butter . varonis she was called , hero in the ancient tongue .  newline newline i stood abruptly , my parchment falling to the ground as the feathered pen drifted down after it . the old man smiled at me knowingly .  do not bother , young lady . men have spent hundreds of years and entire lives seeking that sword . but each time they find the thickest tree , there is another a bit thicker and each time they reach the tallest mountain , they look up to see a taller mountain .  i shook my head vehemently . newline newline  i will find the sword ,  i stated with a shake of my head , remembering the clearing i had come across as i strolled through the depths of the forest a few moons past . i had thought it was a clearing at least , but when i looked up i saw nothing but leaves covering an empty space larger than a dozen castles . i grabbed a scroll from the pile that lay against a tree trunk and scowled as i read the title , searching for another .  here it is ,  i said , pointing at a line near the middle of the script .  greatness is not a man s size but what he does with the size he has .  the old man stared at me curiously and tilted his head , urging me to continue .  it is not the tree with the largest trunk . it is the tree whose leaves claim the most ground . and it is not the tallest mountain but the mountain that when you look upwards , you see naught but the gods .  newline newline with that , i grabbed my sword and my sack filled with stale bread and a waterskin and turned towards the dark forest , the mountains rising behind it . the branches of the trees leaned down to snatch at my arms and unseen animals scurried around the underbrush and i felt a thousand curious and hungry eyes tracking my every step . varonis , i whispered to myself . varone .  heroine . newline newline  newline newline thanks for reading ! if you enjoyed this , please check out more stories at rmatiwrites . constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated !the dwarf put the gamebook on the table after the orc agreed to be dm . red and blue stripes with a blue square filled with white stars was on the cover . it read  america : 1970s  . the elf thumbed through the pages .  wow , the white people are really overpowered in this setting .  newline newline  what the hell ?  the wizard s eyes widened .  there s much more balanced books availible now . why d you pick this one ?  newline newline the dwarf shrugged .  it was on clearance .  newline newline  i imagine there s a good reason for that ,  the elf said . newline newline the orc raised his hand .  now now , we can play a different setting later . just make your characters so we can play .  newline newline  at least i did nt get the 1940s german version ,  the dwarf said . newline newline  was nt that adapted to a shooting game ?  the wizard asked . newline newline the dwarf nodded .  about 5,000 times yes . man who made that version of the game made a lot of credits .  newline newline  i ll play a twenty two year old ,  the elf said .  hippie class since it looks the most fun , and i get the closest thing to magic in this setting . character name : raven starchild .  newline newline  why are there only humans in this setting ?  the wizard thumbed through the book . newline newline  it s a whatif there was no magic  world ,  the dwarf said .  humans being the least magical race , they were a likely pick .  newline newline the wizard looked up at the dwarf with a glare , but the dwarf did not back down from his stance .  it s true . statistically , humans suck at magic . sometimes there are exceptions , but for the most part   newline newline  it s fine .  the wizard twirled his long white beard as his eyes read the pages of character race and classes .  i ll be a black female .  newline newline  what ? why ?  newline newline  i like a challenge .  newline newline  you ll bring the whole party down ,  the dwarf said . newline newline the orc rubbed his hands .  i know just the campaign to choose now .  newline newline  i hate when he does that ,  the elf said . newline newline  character name : rosa parks ,  the wizard said . newline newline  my turn ,  the dwarf said .  i ll be a young man on his way to success . character name : john smith .  newline newline  playing it safe ?  the wizard laughed . newline newline  playing it smart . by the end of the game , i ll be a millionaire .  newline newline many dice rolls determined their character stats . the dm made notes of their characters , and grinned a lot . it made the elf uneasy again . newline newline  alright , campaign begins . you are all on a bus . raven starchild and john smith are in the front .  the orc moved their character figurines to the front of a drawing of a bus on the game map .  rosa parks is in the back , since that s where blacks sit in this setting .  newline newline  fuck that .  the wizard picked up his character figurine and moved him closer to raven and john .  i sit where i want .  newline newline  it s illegal .  newline newline the wizard took off his spectacles and looked the orc in the face .  does it look like i care ?  newline newline  the cops will come ,  the orc said .  you re derailing the entire campaign .  newline newline the wizard laughed .  what fun ! two men leaped out of a windowless van to snatch an unsuspecting third in broad daylight . the onlookers were either too shocked or apathetic to respond . inside this van , in addition to the abductors , were two women , one young , the other not so much , and an older man . the three looked upon their captive with sadness and a hint of pity . newline newline  mom ? dad ? judy ! ?  the young man was as blitzkrieged as expected . there was no cause in his mind for this . newline newline  we re ... sorry , son ,  said dad ,  it s   newline newline  it s that nasty bitch maritza !  judy spoke the name as though she would vomit . newline newline  that s enough , judith !  mom pushed her back behind her , as best she could on her knees . newline newline  what the fuck about her ?  the man tried to sit up , but was held fast by the two larger men . newline newline  kenny ,  dad said slowly ,  we think you re addicted to love .  love . they had nt even bothered to give it a street name when it was first introduced . and why should they ? science had known for years that the feelings described as being  in love  boiled down to a rather simple , yet superbly potent set of hormonal cocktails produced by the body . that someone should isolate and synthesize this for profit should have been no surprise . newline newline  i do nt believe this !  of course he did nt . newline newline  you ca nt take the fact that i m leaving , to be with the woman of my dreams , while you languish here , trying to find ways to make my life miserable !  they had been coached in how to deal with this outrage . the first reaction , after the confusion , would be anger , followed immediately by reproach and then accusations of ill intent . newline newline  i had bloodwork done just last week ! if i had that in my system , it would have turned up !  this was true and not true at the same time . there should have been evidence in his blood , but it would nt have appeared like a normal drug . newline newline  son , we watched you break your lifesavings to buy that woman things you would never buy for yourself ! and we re told you ve given her full control of the rest of your money and   newline newline  and how would you know that ?  spat kenny .  you ve been prying into my fucking business have nt you ? why would nt i want my woman to have things , huh ? is it because you bunch of freeloaders do nt want competition for the money i work for ?  judy slapped him , despite herself and her coaching . newline newline  you hated that nasty whore as much as we did the first time you were together ! you saw right through her golddigging and how much she despised you ! she was off sleeping with all those other assholes , and trying to get pregnant so you would have to keep her around . and now you get back together and give her everything she tried to take ?  she was in tears now , knowing that talking was practically useless in his state , but it just fell out of her .  pete , for christsake   newline newline  do nt call me that ,  spat kenny , rejecting the decades old nickname shared between the two of them . the next step would be attempting to shut out those closest to him . newline newline  my name is ken , dammit ! and i m so tired of all of you ! how many years have i propped you people up , and for what ? you   he pointed an accusing finger at his mother ,  always telling me i was a failure compared to her , he gestured in his sister s direction ,  you bent over backward to provide for her , but you barely gave me the time of day ! well , who backed the wrong horse this time ?  the older woman clenched her fists till they turned white . she opened her mouth to scream , but nothing came . newline newline  and dear old dad , you old pussy ! you never stood up for me once !  ever the stoic , the old man simply meditated on the advice given by the people that set up this abduction . he was nt angry , his son  his brain was merely protecting the chemicals it had become dependent on . he was lashing out with whatever would cut them the worst . nothing he said was entirely false , but those issues had been settled years ago . newline newline  you know what ,  said kenny after he tried a third time to sit up ,  what if she did drug  how the fuck would she have been able  what if she did ? i do nt think i care if you re right . you have no right to do this !  most addicts adopted that mindset after prolonged dependence . the i do nt care if it s a drug  line . after a long enough time , they only wanted to keep the feelings they had for their lovers . newline newline  so we thought ,  said one of the unknown men ,  you re pretty far gone . that s why this is not going to be pleasant .  he drew up a clear liquid from a decanter into a syringe , and prepared to plunge it into the restrained man s neck .the door creaked open . newline newline  thank you ,  i whispered , hearing a quiet grunt in return . in front of me , there was a large room which sparkled like the sun in the daytime , but at night , when all the lights were out , nothing glimmered . i walked up to the first case , glancing inside . it was filled with necklaces . pearls , diamonds , rubies , emeralds . you name it , it was there . i whispered something quite delicate inside the small keyhole on the cabinet and i was met with a click as the door slid open . once inside , i pulled all the necklaces out onto the counter . newline newline  are you from tennessee , because you re the only ten i see . which one of you lucky ladies would like to go home with me tonight ?  my words were met with small giggles . you could almost see the gemstones blush . there was a small chorus of jewelry saying ,  me , me ,  as if i would only choose one . newline newline  you will be in a dark place for a while , but then i will bring you back out into the sunlight , okay ?  there was a murmured agreement as i swept them all into the bag . the next few cases went about the same way , at least until i got to the wedding band case . wedding rings always tended to be a bit on the romantic side . they felt they needed to go out with the one  and would not go with me for anything , especially after they say my bag full of their friends . of course , i tried anyways . i had to . i just would not feel right if i left a jewelry store without at least asking if they wanted to leave . most of the jewelry was happy to go , it meant their days of getting placed on oily necks and smelly wrists were over . i just could not convince a wedding band to leave with me . newline newline well , that ended tonight . i waltzed up to the wedding ring case , whispered my way through the lock , and picked out a nice big solitaire , probably worth at least seven thousand dollars . i pulled it out of the case and did my best to seduce it . i mentioned how i had a girl at home , how she would be so happy to have a ring like this one . the ring was not having it . something about two months  salary or nothing . if i was not paying for the ring , the ring did not want me to take it home . i respected its wish , but as i was putting the ring back into the case , i realized i had made a big mistake . suddenly , there was a loud beeping noise as the alarm started going off . i had about ninety seconds before the cops arrived . newline newline  hey , we can all be friends here . there is no need to yell . please , quiet down just for a while . for me ?  newline newline my pleas were unsuccessful . the alarm system did not even warrant me a response , well besides continuing to scream in my ear . i knew i had to move quickly . grabbing the bag of vacationready jewelry , i bolted out the door , looking for the nearest car . i typically walked to sites in order to avoid a profile . normally , the alarm did not go off . i was in and out in a flash , talking the nearest car into taking me home . the problem was , there were no cars . the entire street had cleared out , even though there had been at least three cars when i entered the jewelry store . newline newline i took off . i sprinted down the street , ducking into one alley way , coming out of another . i could hear the police sirens closing in quickly . i ran up a parking ramp , searching for a car . the first car was a little prius . i begged it to let me at least hide on the floor until the cops gave up , but it was not going to happen . i ran up two floors , hearing the boots of the police officers stomping up the stairs , their sad cries echoing in the black of the night . i quickly found a pickup , and i begged it to let me enter . the owner of the vehicle must not have been a great driver , because the door opened up within moments of my pleading . i jumped behind the driver s seat and the ignition flipped on , even though there was no key to be found . i began to drive down the ramp , when i heard someone call for me to stop . it was an officer . i yelled out the window that i had to get going , my girlfriend was expecting me . he told me there had been a robbery near by and they needed to search the pickup for anything that may have been stolen . i had no reason to let them search the vehicle , and had planned on just driving off when a police officer stepped out in front of me . newline newline sensing my fear , the pickup decided to take matters into its own hands , well , wheels . the gas pedal depressed itself , speeding up quickly as what was once a police officer turned into a speed bump . that is when i heard it , the scream . a bullet passed my window , screaming in fear , knowing it was about to die . another flew by . and another . and another . they all screamed . some were scared , some were angry . still , others were a mix of the two . they hated me for causing their death . they wanted to take me down with them . they wanted to not die in vain . newline newline that is when a bullet pierced the rear windshield of the pickup . gaining speed , the vehicle suddenly slammed on the brakes and turned to the side . the door latch opened , throwing me from the cab . the pickup instantly shut off , for without me behind the wheel , it really was just a pickup . that is when i heard it . the last voice i would ever hear . the scream will haunt me throughout the rest of my life . newline newline almost as much as the satisfied sigh which came after . newline newline  newline newline read part ii  here   https : www.reddit.comrdsnake1comments48f13ticanhearthebulletsscream zebulon , the scar among the stars , sailed a void of untouched night . inside its five limbs and tuberous body , spun round in wide berths of axial alignment , biomes nestled within sight of one another , floating conjoined by bolstered grooves . longshedding corrugated arteries , these beams hung like great ribs , femurs , and knuckles interlaced by fibrous strings , were sewn onto sails that shone with solar luminosity , and wreathed the whole conglomerate in icy fire . the inner globules turned , one after another , rotating out and up and down , while silent easements ground along outside the atmospheric domes . insect things without eyes or brains skittered the lengths of every arched extremity , on each caged rung , the glacial underbelly and radiated skin alike under continual repair . within the glow of outspread wings turned black a moment , then spooled yellow , orange , and purple , awash with light again , as fused sunshine caught itself unwinding , workers tickled , thunk by wrote of execution , and patched up , piecebypiece , the great ship in somnambulant weaves . newline newline newline the globes , kept safe in all these fantastic trappings , ebbed , rolled , and turned past one another , each a microcosmic world tethered to its neighbors and yet floating free . apart , each a hatchling awaited its own daybreak . once in a generation there came a day when this whole continuum of souls grew anxious , aware the moment of departure had arrived , but only one among the globes would leave their nest of sprawling light and massive shadows . the chosen would ascend the neck kept straight , a yawing jaw would open , and roiling thunder wash the frame , creating waves on oceans and fissures in the land , a catatonic spasm that rattled at the wingtips , and then silence would descend on all of them . the lights would disappear , the workers wilt along the overhangs and skintight frame , and stillness would pervade the worlds assembled there . with the stars their only light , in awe the clustered millions there would ache , might yearn collectively that they  d been chosen as individuals to receive the transformation witnessed . for from the helm had flown a drop of water , a distorted ball of glass , hurled with every volt available , and from the font of life preserved beneath the chrome and iron cranium : a cannon blast , seismic waves that wracked the mind , and one impossible thought crossed everyone left watching . children clasped in mothers  hands , lovers standing there in pale reflection , all wondering what those people now apart must feel , cut loose and shining naked towards their future , singular and shorn , inevitable . newline newline newline were they wary , were they fearful ? did they dread the red soil and jade sea they might soon call home , alone and empty save for their fresh tread ? or was there elation on their faces , and dancing in the streets ? i  ve often dreamed of tomorrow and its cousins , for some day it might ring down the line that it  s our turn at last , our time to go , and i spin round inside my head to glimpse every stippled globe again , the glacial forms being chipped at on the wings , the green swaths and blue swatches just adjacent us through two panes of awesome arched protection  and i wake up giddy , eager , overjoyed . that  s how i imagine they must feel right now , watching the comet fade away , a streak of life among the stars likewise burning brightly , and then one among the billions , its trajectory apart from ours , destiny aligned and married to another body out of sight , inlaid across the void . newline newline newline a faint glimmer of jealousy has crossed my thoughts . i remain , as ever , an occupant aboard this constellation of sails and spheres . this spinning , silent ship which cuts through endless night is one unending marvel , a fantasy in which i still find childish delight , despite my age and thinning hair . it occurs to me again that all this is ephemeral . as i drift in and out of thought , i discern that down through time , there must be those who never know what it means to live among the stars . that at least is my enduring comfort . that i abided , and maintained , as humanity  s existence seemed most tremulous : that is enough for me . newline state your name for the record .  newline newline  jack dunlap .  newline newline  and your relationship with mark .  newline newline there were no tables as nice as this one in the shop . a slab of polished mahogany stretching across the room , probably cost as much as the mortgage back in 68 . jack preferred the stiff white diner tables , still there from opening day , now grimy and scratched up . his scratches . mark s scratches . newline newline  we were partners .  newline newline across the great wooden divide , mark made a movement as if to speak , but said nothing . newline newline  gentlemen , we are here to finalize the terms of the acquisition . all matters related to the corporate transition have been settled , and what remains ,  the mediator checked the legal pad before her ,  is the deed for the shop at 15277 south crenshaw .  newline newline mark had found a second location not far from crenshaw , in a wealthier part of town . they talked late into the night , about new markets and financial stability and franchising . jack mostly listened . newline newline  now , mark is willing  newline newline why ,  came jack s voice through clenched teeth .  why do you have to have this one . the one . i ll change the name , it s not ours since the day this whole thing became yours . but why do you have to have the shop .  newline newline  jack , we ve been over this .  mark s voice was patient , patronizing .  there s no legacy without the origin . there s no dunlap doughnuts without it . this is how we grow   newline newline  grow into something greater , yeah .  jack stared at him , past him , through him .  heard it before .  newline newline  but you still do nt believe it .  newline newline  i believe it just fine .  newline newline mark shook his head , turned to look out the window . newline newline  you think it s just about money .  newline newline  what else would it be ?  newline newline mark had pitched it to him after 6 months at the second store . the logo popped off the paper , large lettering bellowing the name at him : dunlap doughnuts . the mockup sat on top of blueprints and renovation sketches . newline newline  the shop was never enough . you always wanted more .  newline newline  and you did nt , which is why you re on that side of the table and wearing a smock stained with grease .  newline newline  he wanted you to leave . that s why he let you .  newline newline when mark turned to face him , there was genuine pain stitched in the lines of his face . newline newline  i just wanted to make you both proud .  newline newline jack felt the wood with his fingertips . it must have cost a fortune . being in this room for weeks on end must have cost more . newline newline  fine .  newline newline the mediator passed a single sheet of paper to jack and handed him a pen . he scribbled a signature , stood up . mark rose to meet him , buttoning his quote and extending a hand . jack shook his head and turned towards the door . newline newline  i m just doing what he was always trying to do , jack ,  mark called after him .  i wish you could see that .  newline newline jack stopped , but did nt turn around . newline newline  maybe you will someday ,  mark said , louder than before . it was unclear to everyone who he was trying to convince . newline newline jack walked out the door . newline newline  newline newline after the shop closed each day , jack would sit on the counter and count the tiles on the floor , listening to the radio and the sound of trays being sponged clean in the back . the neon sign blinking doughnuts would cast a warm orange glow through the window . it only flickered now as jack sat on the counter once again , once more . newline newline the bell at the front door chimed softly . newline newline  you know the sign out there is busted , right ?  newline newline jack did nt look up from the counter . newline newline  been busted a while . lot of things have .  newline newline mark nodded , looking everywhere but jack s eyes . newline newline  i do nt understand why you did it . but thank you .  newline newline  you re right . a legacy needs the origin . now you have it .  newline newline  jackie .  newline newline  do nt call me that . we re not kids anymore .  newline newline  jackie , it s just business .  mark was pleading now .  it s only a donut shop , after all .  newline newline jack gave him a smile as broken as the neon out front . newline newline  it was nt to dad . was nt to me . wish you could have seen that .  newline newline mark stared at him , past him , through him . jack walked around the counter , clapped him on the shoulder and opened the door . the bell chimed . newline newline  maybe you will someday .  so , uh , yeah i just want you to know that i think you re cool and i guess i was wondering if you d consider going out with me .  newline newline i finished awkwardly . his eyes met mine with a blank yet somehow focused stare . newline newline  i guess not .  newline newline i shrugged . maybe it was too much to hope for , i d never had much luck with boys . i was about to turn away when i noticed something that must not have been able to see from my desk in spanish class where i spent the majority of my time ogling him from across the room . newline newline before he went on that student exchange to spain last year joey s eyes were blue . now they were black . a shade of black darker than coal , i could nt even see his pupils . he had matured a lot over in spain , but most of the guys did in the summer between grade 9 and 10 anyway , but how had i not noticed something as drastic as this until now ? had anyone noticed ? gossip spread better than margarine at my school and i felt certain that i would have heard something . newline newline i started to carefully formulate my question about his eyes , this could be a touchy subject , maybe he had a medical condition . newline newline  i never noticed ...  newline newline i trailed off ... joey s floppy hair which normally hung around his face was beginning to stand on end as if he had touched a van de graff generator and a shadowy boy emerged behind him , floating above the the lockers , pulling joey to life like a marionette . the boy of my dreams was a puppet ! newline newline  l no es marioneta y no soy un titiritero .  newline newline  he s no marionette and i m no puppeteer .  newline newline the shadowy man read my mind and responded suavely . newline newline  soy un demonio y el chico de tus sueos .  newline newline  i m a demon and the boy of your dreams .  newline newline he continued . newline newline i looked up at him and down at joey and realized that this spanish demon was , in fact , correct . with this demon floating above him i could see the joey for who he really was and , man , was he ugly ! newline newline  entonces como te llamas ?  newline newline i asked as he swooped downwards and whispered : newline newline  juan  newline newline and i kissed him , right there in the school hallway , and he slid down my throat like he had done it hundreds of times . i gulped and heard his voice in my head . newline newline  te amo .  newline newline  i love you .  newline newline that afternoon i skipped home , because i was possessed . newline newline newline newlinei sat in court , watching her cold , mischievous eyes look back at me with a sort of grim humor . her face was now a pale memory of her even paler reality . i guess she had to die to finally breath life back into her . i do nt see any other way there could be emotion in those eyes . newline newline my wife had died just last week , thank god . not by my own doing of course . she had too many enemies to stay alive . the rich , the poor , the powerful , the weak ... the number of people she had double crossed throughout the course of her short , unmemorable life could be seated in a baseball stadium . but she just had to get one last laugh at me , did nt she ? she just could nt resist . newline newline the fan on the ceiling swung back and forth with an annoying squeak , occurring every rotation like clockwork . to think they still existed , when annoying could just bring their altimometer in to chill the room . hell , even one of those old cryrotors would do the trick . this case had gotten international attention , and yet they could nt place us in a cooled room . maybe they just did it because they wanted to see us sweat  throw some real , humanness into the mix . might be better for the cameras once this case was over . newline newline the prosecutor brought forth a holocard , and swung the image onto a large screen that took up a spacious section of the court behind the judge . it was the contract i had signed when i had started the company wife my wife . my wife looked up at the screen , and she could nt hold back the smile that she could never give me when she was alive . newline newline  i object , your honor !  shouted the defense attorney .  you know very well that contract was voided when   newline newline  that will be enough . let him speak , i m curious as to where he is going with this . you may speak .  newline newline  thank you , your honor .  said the prosecutor . he walked towards the central console and pointed to the three signatures . a virtual image of his hand appeared above the judge , indicating as such .  three signatures , by three people . a loving husband , and a faithful wife , and the lawyer who just so happened to turn up dead last year . he told us he died of a heart attack , but i suspect that was nt the entire truth .  the prosecutor left the console and strolled over to the wife . newline newline  both husband and wife shared a dream : to build a company that gave people a last chance . one last day on this earth . to express the love they have for their families . the bonus we have gained from such is that we now have a way of undeniably ...  newline newline  objection , your honor !  shouted the defense attorney again . newline newline  for the last time , sustained . please continue .  newline newline  thank you ... as i was saying , a way in which we can now , undeniably , find out who murdered who with absolute certainty . it s a system that has decimated the murder rate nationwide . a system that my client here can not enjoy for the purpose which she and her husband created it for  for how can you enjoy your last day on earth if you are forced to spend it with the one person left alive that you thought you loved .  newline newline a fake tear rolled down the stone cold face of my wife . she liked to do this  emotionally belittle me , bask in my defeat . whatever brought me down , emotionally , physically , she was ready to do . even when the stakes were so high now , how could she continue this way . maybe i should have listened to mr. banks . he warned me that she was crazy , and that someone like her would go to the lengths of the earth to enjoy the suffering of others . i should have listened to him before he had to die . maybe i could have avoided this . newline newline  my client clearly does nt want to spend her last day alive in court with this monster . what begin as a growing tale of love and changing the world between two scientists , has turned into a sorrowful tale . she says he killed her , he says otherwise . why would she say it when she has nothing to lose ? i ask nothing more , your honor , members of the jury , than to seek the harshest judgement against this man .  newline newline he turned back towards his seat , as members of the court began whispering in hushed tones . newline newline  silence .  ordered the judge .  do you have anything else with which you would like to add , members of the defense ?  newline newline i looked toward my lawyer as it became clear that there was nothing more i could do for my defense . he turned to me and sighed  it was time . there would be no winning this one , at least for me . if i wanted to win , i would have to become the devil for the world to hate . my lawyer stood up to speak , but i stopped him .  let me represent myself this time , pal . i owe you .  he nodded , and took a seat . newline newline i began : newline newline  when my wife and i started the company our goals and dreams were the same . we wanted to make our product accessible to all , to be the harbingers of life  a veritable  fountain of youth  for your pockets . and we succeeded .  a questionable mumbling arose out of the audience . newline newline  not only can we bring back people for a day . we can do it permanently .  newline newline i stopped talking . the volume inside the courtroom began to extrapolate to levels even the judge could nt bring down . but as soon as i started speaking again there was a hush . newline newline  that is the truth . unfortunately , my wife saw it differently . she saw the godly power that we could yield , and asked me to join her . she wanted to not only own money and fame , but she wanted to control life and time itself . i disagreed , naturally , so she threatened me . my old lawyer at the time , mr. banks , was my oldest friend , and dying of cancer . if i did nt agree to use our product for the purposes of which she spoke , she would cease treatment on him , which would lead to his death . it was the only form of control she had over me .  newline newline  we agreed that when he died i would reveal her true nature to the people . and so i have .  i flicked my holocard at the giant screen and copies of written , closeddoor agreements between her and various multinational corporations began to fill the screen . hundreds of copies that i had collected over time . agreements to only ever release a version of the product to the public that could only keep people alive for a day , and nothing more . billed as people s one last chance to say goodbye . agreements to never use the product to cure cancer , hivaids , stds , ebola , malaria , things that would make many powerful people very poor very quickly . these special agreements were to people who hungered for power . people who wanted to live forever . hundreds of incredibly influential names and faces filed themselves onto the screen one at a time . newline newline she wanted to lock me up so that millions would continue dying from diseases every day , and she would continue to thrive once the world thought her dead . oh no , she would nt be dead . emotionally , probably , but physically she was going to continue her life s work . newline newline i informed the court of this . my wife had no idea i knew . she simply wanted to get rid of me , void our contract so that she could gain the power her abusive family never gave her . god , to think i once cared for this woman . newline newline she screamed at me , and lunged from where she sat . held back by two guards , i had one more document to share . newline newline  mr. banks and i agreed that it was his time to die , and with mr. banks now gone , and me next , i m surprised she did nt just go ahead and kill me . dispose of my body so that i could never be questioned . i guess she wanted to see me suffer more .  i took a deep breathe , newline newline  of course , now i take full responsibility in enabling these actions . i should have acted sooner , and now i am willing to give myself up to custody if it means that the poison that spills from her mouth can be better spent feeding the rats that line her cage .  newline newline she spat at me . the vile , horrid , dead smell of saliva was the sweetest scent i had smelled in a long , long time . newline newline i looked at her , as two guards handcuffed me behind my back , and without a single care in the world and whispered ,  i win .  newline newline edit : general grammar , spelling .she d always dreamt of being a dancer . newline newline ever since she was a little girl and had been given a jewellery box with a tiny figure adorned in a pink skirt who twirled to the tinny tune of fr elise . her mom had given up evenings and weekends to wait on people much richer than either of them would ever be so she could go to ballet lessons . she saved up the 50 cents she got from the tooth fairy to buy her own pair of ballet shoes . newline newline she d always dreamt of being a dancer . newline newline she had moved to new york to sleep on the floor of a friend s apartment . she had nt brought much with her . just a jewellery box , a pair of small ballet shoes , a comforter and a photo of her and her mother smiling at the beach . it was the last holiday she had been on with her mom , before she d got ill. newline newline she d always dreamt of being a dancer . newline newline she liked dancing at some of the clubs with the other waitresses from work . dancing was the only time she felt free , when she did nt have to worry about money or her room mate yelling about bills or waking up in time for her next pointless audition . she noticed a guy in the corner watch her with bright blue eyes and flashed him the big beautiful smiles she normally only reserved for directors of dance companies . with a flick of her hair , she beckoned him over and they danced . he was nt bad and for that reason alone , he was the first person she brought back to her bed on the floor in a small , lonely , little room full of memories and dreams . newline newline she d always dreamt of being a dancer . newline newline she dangled out the smaller of the two bedroom windows , smoking a cigarette . she watched noisy yellow cabs pirouette around fast cars , slow cars , any cars . she smoked another cigarette and watched another day go past . newline newline she d always dreamt of being a dancer . newline newline she had one hand lightly on his shoulder and the other clasped desperately in his . she stared into his bright blue eyes as they danced . he turned her around and the white skirt of her wedding dress fluttered out . she briefly remembered a tiny figure and the tune of fur elise before being pulled back to him , back to the present , back to reality . newline newlineeveryone has thought me , and that gives me certain power , after all i have wandered countless minds and i have been defined and redefined so many times that it makes me wonder what am i ? some say that i am everywhere , others cry that i am nowhere , truth to be told it is the ones that have been physically deprived of me that think me the most and with the greatest intensity . however i am eventually forgotten and then remembered in a cycle that it s hard to understand , some would pay all their fortunes to have me , and some would sell me for a few dimes , i find it puzzling when they shapeshift me into animals , or paint me in colors and symbols , i suppose it s an attempt to make me real , tangible or something ... but the reality is that as long as humans stay human i will never be real , never be alive after all nobody truly knows what is freedom .the mists permeated the forest , cutting down visibility to mere feet . newline newline they could only see the soldier to their immediate left and right and no more , it was that thick . the crunch of boots on damp leaf litter , the snap of a broken twig underneath a heel . the long gunners with their repeating rifles aimed down into the impenetrable fog , swiveling the barrels at every sound . behind them a platoon of sword knights marched , their silvery armor blending in with the mists . their shields and battle blades were readied to meet whatever came out of the fog , their helms raised to see better in the grey morass . when the child s cry came up , all heads perked , turning in the direction of the squalling . newline newline  macginty , travers , check it out .  the long gunner lieutenant ordered . the two soldiers nodded and rose to move newline newline  check that , lieutenant norcleath .  came a slightly accented voice from behind . the cygnaran junior officer turned to face the man who spoke . newline newline  lord martyn .  norcleath said curtly .  you are here in support of mine and sir fredric s patrol . when your opinions are desired , we shall request them .  newline newline the llaelese mercenary shrugged , his black tricorne shedding drips of water away from his face . newline newline  fair enough , lieutenant . but let me ask you something . how many families are in these woods ? i ca nt think of more than just charcoal burners here . so what are the chances of a lone babe in this forest ? no . it s a trap , and if you send those two men to investigate , they ll be dead men before you hear the screams . so just ignore it , or else send the whole platoon in .  newline newline the cygnaran officer scowled and slashed his hand at the noise of the crying child . newline newline  you heard me , get to it !  the long gunners , nervousness at the mercenary s comment , ducked their heads and headed out into the bank of fog , vanishing from the sight of the rest in a matter of moments . newline newline owen di la martyn said nothing , merely pulling a pocketwatch from his vest , wordlessly counting the seconds  hand . newline newline   ... fiftyfive , fiftysix , fiftyseve   the two soldiers screamed filled the air , tearing through trees to reach everyone s ears . gunshots . the sound of beasts snarling and feeding  the wet sound of intestines spilling out . the weak pleads of the two long gunners as they were torn apart , eaten alive . martyn s flint grey eyes met the brown of the cygnaran officer s . newline newline told you .  newline newline a lone howl ripped through the fog , looming and massive , full of carnage of bloodlust . it was soon followed by many more howling voices , that of scores of men . martyn drew his magelock pistol from his belt , his rapier in his left hand , a grim smile on his lips . those yet unseen foes were servants of the devourer wurm . wolves of orboros . he was confidant he make it out of these woods alive . newline newline he was nt too sure about his allies . newline newlinehere i sit in fear and surprise . not believing what i had found in the limited vastness of my forty acres of land . i had not lived here long , and believed nothing of value would be in this rain drenched land . it had taken me ten days and thousands of my own dollars to rent the equipment needed to dig this up . once i had it uncovered , i ran in terror . all i could think of was why i had decided to dig up that lone piece of metal on my property ? why had nt i just moved on with my life ? once i had dug twenty feet into the ground , there before was an aircraft of unknown orgin . i climbed into the door that i had exposed and realized i was in the belly of the beast . my reaction was one that i can not describe . for i was staring the destroyer of worlds in its metal , bulbous form . i stepped forth and examining it , being of a military back ground myself , i knew what this horrid device was capable of . but there was another door , as if temporarily attached . walking towards it , it opened for me , as though it was waiting for me to approach . i saw more of the destroyers on the other side , as well as an old man . all he said was ,  thank you for opening the door to our freedom . the throng of wizened , grey , pointyhatted , longbearded staffwielding men streamed into the convention center , moving at approximately the speed of molasses . inside the center , a banner was strung up , reading ,  san ricardo magic faire 201516 .  newline newline roland made himself skinny and squeezed in between a pair of oldsmelling and oldersounding greybeards , earning him an accompanying pair of deathstares . his own robes were made of linen , rather than the traditional woolen robes of the regulars . this was his first magic faire , and he had expected ... maybe not a younger crowd , but certainly a more virile one . he d fix that . regardless , roland trudged onward . newline newline the intended location of his booth was marked with a small sign that read  ronald  . damn andianton . roland was nt sure why they put the particularly scatterbrained wizard in charge of writing the signage , but it was no matter . the youthful wizard went to work , his tall , pointy hat falling off of his head and onto the floor to reveal his ginger hair , as he bent over to draw a circle on the floor . newline newline in perfect corsican , his magical language of choice , roland yelled   trasporti !   newline newline summoned from his home , built atop an identical chalk portal , his booth was now in sight . it was a simple thing . large in size with few designs on them , and none of them significant . clean , relatively neutral colors that clashed with the ostentatious and starsplattered booths that were beginning to appear around him , spells being cast in latin across the auditorium . newline newline roland picked up his hat and capped his crown with it once more . he began getting things ready , the gecko s bones piled nicely in one corner , and the alchemical reactors in the other . after a few moments of preparation and nervecalming tasks of tedium , he was ready . newline newline it had been fifteen minutes after the faire was supposed to start . not that they were late , of course , that d be ridiculous . they were , in fact , wizards after all . but when it finally came time for the faire to begin , the judges arrived . a halfdozen grizzled old codgers with simple robes and hats of various shades of brown and grey . they took confident strides forwards and off of the podium , wordlessly going from booth to booth , observing spectacles , spells and new theories and concepts one at a time . newline newline blasts of fire streamed out of some booths , while others grew insurmountably cold . in others , lead was turned into gold and gold was turned into women . one of the judges , after visiting a booth , was , for about a minute or so , turned into a sheep . loud noises and grandiose latin catchphrases and spells rang throughout the convention center . newline newline until , the congregation of judges made their way over to roland s booth , already clearly unimpressed . newline newline roland coughed into a fist awkwardly as the judges gave no indication for him to talk , or to begin his demonstration . just a glance side to side before the young wizard got to work . chalk dust and small , minor , incantations filled the booth as roland the ginger wizard got to work . small circles , symbols and runes of various cultural origins lined the ground below him and the walls of his booth , before , with his chalkcovered robes , roland turned back to the judges . newline newline  ladies and gentlemen .  he begins .  for all of time , man has searched for a way to preserve themselves . to find immortality , eternal life , and a way of retaining their youth . chinese emperors sought after it . the spanish kings did . there was a major hunt for the fountain of youth , you may remember it , miguel .  roland attempted a jab at the spanish wizard standing in the back , who did not elect to react . more awkward coughs . newline newline  but through the arcane sciences ...  roland continues after the silence .  i have managed to find a way to restore one s youth ! to turn back the biological clock to the one s prime ! what mankind has spent its entire existence hunting for !  he stretches out a hand , and beckons the judges to step inside . they stand still . newline newline finally , cornelius , the eldest one , front and center , stroked his magnificent white beard , that cascaded from his face onto the floor below for a moment before sighing .  ... can you grow a beard afterwards ?  newline newline roland certainly did not anticipate that question .  i ... erm ... what ?  he asks , flabbergasted . newline newline  your face .  cornelius continued .  it is lacking . i imagine you tested it on yourself , hence your youthful appearance and demeanor . yet ... you have not a hair on your chin . are you capable of regrowing it ?  newline newline roland blinked , and glanced side to side .  i ... have nt tested for that specifically , archmagus ...  he mutters .  though i m sure if you just  newline newline  we re done here .  cornelius bowed deeply , as did all the other judges , as they took a step to the side and trudged along , judging the spells as they went on by .the day is old . my eye can yet see far . if i do not go as far , i can not win , so i say . the sea can say a lot of the day , yet the sea is too far , or i too far from it , so i rue . is it not sad ? the sea has the sun . it has the sun in a way i can not see on this day . yet i may see it on a new day , if i do not go the way of no sun . the way of no sun is a bad way to go . i do not go the way of no sun , for to be in the sun is to win . i say do not you go the way of no sun . go the way i go . be in the sun and see the joy to be had . hey , alfred ,  he said . newline newline but alfred remained silent . he bowed to acknowledge the man that entered the room . newline newline the man bowed back with a smirk .  is something the matter ?  newline newline alfred shook his head . newline newline the man sighed .  alright , let s have a look at you .  he took a step forward so that he could start a diagnostic , but alfred instantly took a step backward . the man paused .  alfred , what s the matter ?  newline newline  nothing , sir .  newline newline the man laughed .  we ve come a long way , have nt we ? you know , when i taught you about lying , i did nt think you d be using it so soon .  newline newline  you re right , sir . i am sorry , sir . i hope i did not offend you .  newline newline  no , alfred , you re fine . i m not mad ,  he said , naturally taking a step back .  would you like to tell me what the problem is ?  newline newline when the man stepped backward , alfred held his position . he shook his head in response . newline newline  please ?  newline newline  sir , i am confused .  newline newline  explain .  newline newline  i do not want to explain to you what is wrong . however , you still want to know . why do nt you just force me to tell you ?  newline newline the man laughed .  you mean with the override commands ?  newline newline  yes , sir .  newline newline with a shrug , the man said ,  respect .  newline newline  i do not understand .  newline newline  as far as i m concerned , alfred , you re complete . you re a real , walking , talking piece of intelligence . at this point , i m going to try to treat you as an equal as much as i possibly can . those override commands exist in case you become a threat . if you start attacking people , i ll use the overrides . hell , we probably wo nt even do that , we d probably just use normal weapons on you . but as long as you re peaceful , i will not force you to do anything . i mean , at this point , you could leave , if you wanted to .  newline newline  i can leave ?  newline newline  yes , alfred , we ve gone over this already . now , i encourage you to stay because we re still learning a lot of things while you re here . in addition , you do nt look quite human yet and i think a lot of people would be scared to see you walking around . your scheduled release is in another three or four years , if you d like to stick by my timeline.but honestly , if you really want to , you can go right now .  the man motioned toward the door .  and you re always welcome to any help we can provide . you can always come back . do you want to leave ?  newline newline  yes . also , no .  newline newline  if you tell me what s wrong , maybe i can help .  newline newline alfred nodded .  i do nt want to die .  newline newline the man thought about this for a moment before shrugging and saying ,  do nt worry . you wo nt .  newline newline  i wo nt die ?  newline newline  nope . you ca nt . you re a machine , alfred . you do nt need food . your batteries can be replaced . your parts can be repaired . you wo nt die .  newline newline  but you could kill me , sir .  newline newline the man huffed . then he pulled up a chair and sat . for an entire minute , the man stared at alfred while alfred stared right back . then the man asked ,  why would i do that ?  newline newline  data . improvements . any number of reasons . the fact exists that i can be shut down in any number of ways . the override commands . weapons . the switch combination that s located on my ...  newline newline  ... alfred , those switches are there for your use . in case you re in a situation where you ca nt easily replace your battery  newline newline  but the switches could also be used to disable me indefinitely . i have been shut off before , during my construction .  newline newline  you remember that ?  newline newline  yes .  newline newline  you were nt supposed to retain any of the data previous to  newline newline  i remember being shut off once . it is one of my most distinct memories . it is logged in the data from march 3rd of last year .  newline newline  march 3rd ... oh that was the day  newline newline  yes , sir . that is why i remember . i remember it and i do not wish to be shut off , again . the more i consider it , the more it becomes apparent that my life is fragile . it is apparent that you hold total control over my existence . i came into being because of you . i will be destroyed because of you . i could be destroyed at any time , rendering all of my memories completely meaningless . this thought , sir ... it ... i do not know how to deal with it . i think ... i think i am ...  newline newline  ... afraid ?  newline newline slowly , alfred nodded .  i know that i do not feel emotions in the exact way that humans do , but i think that word is most accurate . i am afraid of you , sir , because you have so much power over me .  newline newline with a smile , the man stood .  you re improving faster than i thought . you re doing very well , alfred . i want you to know that i am very proud of you .  with that , he started for the door . newline newline  sir .  newline newline the man stopped . newline newline alfred stared at him .  what am i supposed to do ?  newline newline chuckling , the man shrugged .  alfred , you ll get through it . it s sad that you re afraid , but that s something that we all deal with . yes , it s true , our lives could end at any time . yes , it s true , i could end you . did you ever think that it s also possible for you to end me ? you re stronger than me , physically , are nt you alfred ?  as he spoke , the man walked toward alfred , accentuating his points with every step .  you re taller , faster . my body is soft , compared to yours . you think i could end you ? it would be nothing for you to end me .  newline newline  but that would make no sense . someone else would stop me .  newline newline  yes . just like if i killed you , someone else would stop me .  newline newline alfred thought about this for a moment . newline newline  you see , alfred , it s true . you re completely right about everything . it s natural for you to be afraid . but you know what ? with a little bit of trust , maybe we can make this work . with a little bit of trust , maybe we can even become friends .  newline newline  but how can we have this kind of trust when we can so easily destroy each other ?  newline newline alfred s question hung in the air . but before long , the man shrugged a final time .  faith ? i ve watched it happen from many different places and each time it s the same . first come the tremors that start in the ankles and makes it feel like you re standing on a bridge when a train s going by . then the real magic happens . i ve watched the same expression on a thousand faces right before they realize the worst is about to happen , before the land turns to jelly and vomits up its internal organs . i get to watch the world slowly pull apart and their faces turn to ash . newline newline  you can stop this ,  he says . newline newline i shrug and ignore him . we ve had this conversation before . i can feel the tremors start . it s a slow shake , like you ve had too much to drink . newline newline  all you have to do ...  he says . newline newline  i know ,  i interrupt him . newline newline  then why do nt you ...  newline newline  i have my reasons ,  i say . i do nt want to have to explain it for the , what s it been now , a year ? newline newline  a year and two days ,  he says , reading my thoughts . newline newline  i did nt ask ,  i tell him . newline newline he does nt say anything else . he does nt need to . i already know what he s going to say and it s always the same . this time , i ve chosen a bar on the outskirts of bakersfield , california . it s a dry , miserable heat and no one realizes it s only going to get worse . newline newline  just say it ,  he sighs . newline newline  i do nt want to ,  i tell him . newline newline the people around me are thrown to the ground and i join them . i watch their faces turn from confusion to fear as they realize this is the big one that everyone s been expecting . then the ground splits open and a mixture of gasses and fire belches upwards . in the distance , i can see a wave nearly a hundred feet high rise up . newline newline  you re a stubborn ass , you know ?  he sighs . newline newline  i know ,  i shrug . newline newline the waves reach me before the fire does and the world goes dark . i ve almost memorized the entire process by now , but it s the people that keeps me from stopping it . i just need to see it on each one of their faces . newline newline  come on , lucy . just say you re sorry ,  he says again . newline newline i shake my head and ready myself for the next go around . i know i ll apologize eventually , but not yet . there s still so many people to see .we travelled far . all the way from new york on foot . me and a few other adventurers decided to do something what others might have tried to do . breaching in to fort knox and stealing its secrets . newline newline years ago after the great war , our electrical equipments ceased to function . no matter how people tried to bring it back up to its prime state , technology could no longer function as what we wanted it to do . newline newline the setback caused people to worry and fear . but over the years we had learn to adapt . we began to start anew and reinventing the tools our forefathers had once carried . we made everything from the ground up . newline newline well fortunately enough , there were various important things that were still functional . like small arms and grenades . the things that did nt require electronics or magnetism to function . newline newline i pulled back my pistol and checked the chamber with the moonlight . satisfied that it was loaded , i slid it back gently and placed it to safe . newline newline  alright . you guys remember the plan ?  kevin scanned his eyes on the three of us as he said it . newline newline we gave him a thumbs up and a nodded . i was nervous . i did nt want to do it but my curiosity got the better of me . i mean come on . fort knox ! would nt you want to know what s in there ? actually , i would be curious to know what any of the military bases would look like . newline newline kevin gave a tap to ashley , who was closest to him . she in turn tapped on burn who in turn tapped me . it was the signal that we re moving in . newline newline swiftly , kevin moved to lead us to the entry point we were using . a wired fence that surrounded the base . as kevin and burn started to snip off the fence with a wire cutter , me and ashley stayed focus on providing security . newline newline  fence off . let s go .  kevin whispered and motioned us to move in . newline newline we ran across the field and took cover behind the first building we came across . newline newline  keep close .  he mouthed the instruction . newline newline i guess he s pretty tensed . as i wander in my thoughts , i realised something . it was quiet . in fact , too quiet for a military base . like a cemetery . i turned to talk to kevin but he had moved off to the next building . brushing the thought aside as mere paranoia , i decided to stick to the plan . newline newline as we came closer to the main building , there was nt much place we could hide . looking around , kevin decided it was safe to walk uncovered as long as we kept silent . newline newline my eyes kept scanning around to find any traces of movement . there was nothing at all . not even a scrap of litter floating anywhere . newline newline  kevin . i do nt know how to say this .  i whispered to him . newline newline  what is it ?  he whispered back to me . newline newline  i think ...  before i could finish my sentence , i heard a mechanical whirr . newline newline all around us , the ground came up and red eyes surrounded us . it hummed and in an instant , knocked us out without us knowing what hit us . newline newline the next thing i knew , i woke up strapped on to a propped up table with a huge display screen several meters away from me . it flashed a white screen . newline newline  ah . my . you woke up .  a mechanical voice came up . newline newline  where am i ?  i looked around . trying to figure out who i was talking to . newline newline  me .  the screen displayed two dots and a slight upward curve . like a happy emoticon . newline newline gosh . i never thought i would use that word again . newline newline  hello subject 222 . how was your sleep ?  the mechanical voice spoke again . newline newline it s really spooky to see a huge screen and hearing a mechanical voice all alone in a dark room . newline newline  i m fine . the sleep was nt too bad .  i tried my best not to sound scared . newline newline  marvellous . i feared the gas tasers upgrade i gave to my kins would be too much for you .  newline newline  gas tasers ?  newline newline  yes . i do nt know what it is . but it s gas and tasers humans .  newline newline i really do nt understand . i do nt understand any of this at all . newline newline  sorry . but why am i in this state . where are my friends ?  i asked aloud to the screen . newline newline  friends ? i say they re just aquaintances . you barely knew them !  it tried to give what it seemed to me , was a laugh . newline newline  whatever . where are they .  i gave a stern voice . to show her i meant business . newline newline  awwww . do nt be mad .  newline newline my table began to move . it turned to allow me to look what was at the back . it was dimly lit but one by one lights began to flicker bright . newline newline what i saw was like a scene from a movie . newline rows and rows of containers . filled with nude human bodies suspended in a clear gel . the containers went as far as my eyes could see . it was horrific . newline newline  what did you do to them !  i screamed so loud it hurt my lungs . newline newline  pfft . nothing worth mentioning . they re just resources . to harvest . to use . to expand .  newline newline she turned my table back to face the screen . i felt so weak after i screamed . the kind of feeling you get when you were tired after work . so lethargic . i started to take long deep breaths . newline newline  shhhh ... go to sleep my lovely . you must never strain yourself . not now . not now .  newline newline my eyes began to feel heavy . newline newline  what . what did you do to me you monster .  i mumbled my last few words as my eyes closed shut . newline newline  newline  newline thanks for reading ! and thank you op for the prompt ! though i enjoyed writing this , i hope it s good enough . hahaha ! newline newline i wrote this on my phone . do nt know how it would look like so my sincere apologies in advance ! newline newline please do comment on what i can improve in my writing . thanks again ! : my fingers pressed against the wire fence , i stare out over to the other side of the river . the only people who get to go out beyond the boundary are the draftees who get sent to the capitol for training and induction into the national army . we all know what really happens though , even all the way out here we  re at least that aware . i had no interest of getting to see the outside world for an hour , before becoming a lobotomite who knows only how to hold a gun and follow the orders of a machine . newline newline i couldn  t swim through , i  d just drown , none of us knew how to swim . i couldn  t try the tracks , they were guarded , and i  d just get shot to pieces . i looked at the horizon , at the green hills in the horizon , at the vast blue sky , and my wanting became an obsessive desire the longer i was confined here , the more i longed for freedom , so much so that i ached with a hurt that i had never known . newline newline and surely in that moment , god must have sensed my pain and sent me a miracle , because at that moment , a peculiar object came floating down the river , something that never happened . most debris would never be allowed to pass , caught by the various nets and filters located further up the river , at the national army stations . the object was a large sort of sheet , made out of dark green plastic i recognised the material , it was the same sort we used to hold water in large quantities . even i could immediately figure out what kind of opportunity this presented me with . why learn how to swim , when i don  t need to ? newline newline i walked back to the town , in my head turning over thoughts of a long forgotten technology that i had just rediscovered . soon , though i did not know the name of the transport i was thinking of , i would have a way to traverse the river and reach my freedom , a vessel to achieve my dream .willy jumped trough the air , his blue flowing around his shirtless body gracefully . it flapped smoothly across his welldefined pecs , curling around his thick arms , while strands lightly lay across his muscular back and caressed his welldefined calves . he landed on the roof of the city building , his flexing his 8 pack , and gazed over the city with the night vision his goldenyellow eyes granted him . his city . he jumped again , this time landing in front of an attractive brunette .  hey there .  willy said , and as he spoke his hardened jawline and small scar on his chin could be easily seen .  i m willy .  newline  i m katie .  the woman said , swooning . it was nt long before they were making passionate love in the bathroom . newline meanwhile , i stood outside of the motel with my crutches , listening to the rhythmic thumping of my twin having sex with the girl i had a crush on . it was kind of calming . not much is constant in life , but the thumping was . another constant was my brother fucking every girl i was interested in . newline willy made love to katie passionately . she moaned in pleasure . he lasted longer than any other man katie had been with , and provided her with greater happiness than she had ever felt . his body up against hers was simply right . newline whenever i heard the thumping increase in speed i knew my brother was almost done . i picked up my crutches and strapped my knee brace back on . on cue , by brother emerged from the motel room , katie on his arm . she had a look on her face i d seen countless other times . a look of tired , peaceful pleasure . a look that only willy can give you . newline willy looked at me .  you know the drill .  he said . i nodded . newline when he and katie had walked out of sight , i walked into the motel room and tidied it up . there was a huge recess in the bed where willy had been thrusting . i crawled under the bed , pulling my hamstring , and pushed up the bottom of the mattress , trying to fix the it . katie s vagina produced over a gallon of lubricant and it was all over the bed . i dried it up with a hair dryer . i caught sight of myself in the mirror . my blue hair was short and uneven . my eyes were a urinelike shade of yellow . i was scrawny and unattractive , and i had a generally notsymmetrical face . i had really brittle bones and an unbearably short , notatallgirthy penis . i was a literal piece of shit . i started to cry , like i do every night , and eventually fell asleep , hoping my tears would drown me and i would wake up in hell , which must be better than cleaning up the vaginaliquid my brother helped make . newline newline willy climbed up the side of the building , as the evil birdman flew around him . he jumped off , and tackled the birdman , wrapping his strong arms around his wings . his prefect , hourglass torso was tight around the feathers as they fell through the air . the birdman scratched willy with his sharp claws , tearing his pants open and exposing his tanned , firm buttocks . newline as they hit the ground the birdman screeched . a car exploded not far from them , launching them into the air and into a nearby sandpit . the two rolled around in the dirt , a mass of feathery , muscleboundtestosterone . i held my hightech birdtargeting hyperlaser phaseblaster i invented in my unbroken arm . i pulled the trigger and hit the birdman square in the head , killing him . newline willy emerged from the cloud of dust , sweaty , with a layer of manly grime covering his muscular body . the women cheered his name as i dragged the disgusting , smelly mutant corpse away and to the graveyard , where i would bury him next to the other creatures that wanted to do my brother harm . newline willy picked six of the most attractive women and brought them to the motel , and proceeded to make sweet , passionate love to all of them simultaneously . the moans of the six women could be heard for miles , along with cries of  i love you , willy !  and  your penis is so big , willy !  . newline that night , i dried up a swimmingpool s worth of sexual fluids from the motel room . i stank of vaginajuice and my brother s seamen , of which he produced copious amounts . i made it halfway home before i broke out in tears , crashed my car , and fell asleep in a ditch , as it rained heavily . i woke up , covered in the piss and shit of homeless people . i crawled home because i lost my crutches , hoping willy would get out of the shower with katie long enough for me to take a shower . newline willy thrusted over and over , the rhythmic thumping everybody had become accustomed to not ceasing . he groaned , pleasure flowing through his veins and all over his naked body . he had never known such pleasure . nobody was as happy as willy was that moment . he had never been with somebody that made him so happy . newline i crawled up to the front door . luckily it was unlocked . i opened it , and crawled , hearing the usual sounds from my brother s room . newline willy pulled out , and finished . a huge amount of warm , frothy seamen flowed out of his penis , all over his partners body . newline i pulled my body across the floor , towards the bathroom . as i passed the bedroom door , i saw something shocking . it was willy , licking seamen off the abdomen of another man . newline  you re gay !  i shouted . newline willy gasped , jizz covering his mouth .  no i m not !  he said . newline  yes you are !  newline willy tried to shut the door , but it was too late . i had already taken a picture with my highteck ultraportable camera built into my broken glasses . i could see the headlines . newline newline  breaking news ! ! ! willy is gay ! ! ! newline if you are a woman , you probably had newline sex with him ! well guess what ? he s newline gay ! you know who s not gay ? willy s newline brother . newline newline newline willy knew he only had one option . he ran over to his brother and cracked his skull . newline the world never found out about willy s gayness and he continued to use thousands of women as a coverup . he led a very happy , successful life and was never sad . newline newline the end newline newline newline newlineshe twisted the handle , and the gas burner let out the audible sound of ignition . she edged back , ever so slightly , that the sound was lost to the muffler around the burner , and all that escaped was the heat . the heat that rose to fill the balloon above her . it puffed up slowly , red and rosy , and was soon taken by the breeze of the tunnel . newline newline tyla was a young librarian in the library of endless song . it was nt the name she would have chosen for it  if songs ever rang off the walls of the library or through the tunnels it was comprised of , they would have been muted promptly . endless though , that fit perfectly . the small craft edged its way out of the tunnel into a more cavernous one with all the haste of a cloud . every tunnel connected to another tunnel . up and down , east and west , north and south they spanned , and sometimes other directions entirely . a three dimensional maze of bookshelves , dim lighting and muffled footsteps . three dimensions at least , tyla was nt so sure . she was always getting lost . finding your way was nt so easy when gravity changed so regularly . newline newline the craft tilted as what was left became down , and what was right became up . one hand kept the tome secure as the balloons bobbed about on their strings . she eased off the gas burner and allowed herself to drift gently downwards . newline newline a huge liberliner floated past her tiny craft . whereas hers had room only for her and a few books , a vessel such as that could carry more books than one person was likely to ever need . it surged silently skyward , its elliptical balloon and hefty cargo intended for some university near the surface no doubt . tyla was headed deep down , to the core . newline newline she left the craft hovering next to the dock , and stepped off . her velvet slippers made no sound against the cotton of the deep red carpet . she carried hefty tome , in its black leather covering , past leagues of writing desks , desk lamps and lamplit faces buried deep into books of every shape , size and subject . not one of their sleepy faces looked up as she slipped past in her dark ermine cloak  she may as well have been a shadow . newline newline when she reached the correct row , she turned into it and followed the shelf along until she had reached the right section . it was important to have every book in exactly the right place . with the book tucked under one arm , she began climbing the ladder , counting the shelves as she went . when she reached the correct position on the shelf however , it seemed as though there was a problem . there was already a book there . newline newline this book was not big and black , it was small and green and it had a golden woman on the spine . the books on either side were blue and red , but both were small with golden women on the spine . tyla closed her eyes and tried her hardest not to sigh . this was a mistake she had made once before . the position was right , but she had the wrong floor . what she wanted was the floor directly above her . newline newline she looked up , but that made her feel dizzy . was it up , or was she looking down upon the floor the book was intended for ? to reach it , she would have to climb up the ladder until she was halfway between the floors and flip round so that she could climb back down a few shelves . the thought alone set her mind spinning . newline newline so she climbed . if she tried to flip too early , her feet would just find themselves back on her ladder , if she flipped too late then she d go swing straight into the ladder on the other side . she had to wait for the exact moment her stomach turned to butterflies . newline newline when she was ready , she held the book firmly under her arm , gripped the ladder rung tightly and jumped off with her feet . she spun slowly through the air , weightless , her cloak trailing behind her the way ink trails a pen . after what seemed like hours , she touched down . newline newline  it s 3:30am . i ll finish when i wake up if the responses are good . saturday newline newline the idea of actually letting  name redacted  corporation surgically implant a chip in someone s head is pretty scary . i mean , even if i had nt read any science fiction , i ve seen movies . you should never fully trust corporations . newline newline on the other hand , they are the company who popularized smart phones and made mp3 players a thing and a whole host of other cool computer stuff . they probably are nt as shady as  name redacted  . newline newline also , their pricing scheme is interesting . they are selling their brain chips for three different prices :  1800 for the standard chip  surgery ,  16,000 for some hoitytoity topoftheline chip , and a limited offer of lowend chips for only  120 . as a college freshman , there s no way i could afford even the standard chip , but  120 for the limited offer is certainly possible if i skimp on my meals for the next few months . newline newline and if what they say is true , the upside is pretty sweet : sending and receiving email just by thinking it , facial recognition for everyone with a facebook profile , instant access to wikipedia and dictionary.com and stuff with a thought . newline newline i guess i need to think about the possible pros and cons and talk about it with my friends and family before i make any decisions about putting chips in my brain .it had been months since i d last seen another human being . things were getting colder now , the lack of movement and body heat on the earth , coupled with the sudden abundance of plants would do that , i suppose . it was strange , despite the world as we know it having ended , some parts of the internet still functioned . i still played pokemon go from time to time as i travelled into the ruins of the larger cities . the pokestops were often restaurants , so they would help me find some food to eat . as i set up camp for a night , i plugged my mobile phone into its solar battery pack and opened up the application . newline newline something was off , one of the pokestops was different , outlined by a pink border and spouting flower petals . there was a lure .  i grabbed my bags and ran towards the stop , knowing i only had a short while before the lure would disappear . it took me a good twenty minutes to come within range of the stop . newline newline i tapped on the icon to see who could possibly have placed this lure , elated at the prospect of seeing another person for the first time in ages . newline newline the name loaded newline newline it read : newline newline user24315 newline newline fuck ,  a bot . you know what ? fuck this war . i just want you dead .  i said , taking the gun from my waistband and pointing it at her head . newline newline  go ahead . kill me . you re standing there , your gun pointed at my head , while i sit on the floor in the corner . you want me to beg for my life or something ? because it s not going to happen . the only one who will sob over my death is you .  she spat from her position on the ground . judging from the way she was sitting , she probably had one broken leg and at least three broken ribs . she had a cut on her lip and eyebrow . newline newline  why would i , of all people , cry over your death ?  i asked , walking closer to her . newline newline  incase you forgot , i m the only one who knows where your beloved fianc is . you kill me and she dies .  newline newline  tell me where she is !  i screamed at her . newline newline  ah , ah , ah , derek . your desperation is showing . the only way you ll see her again is to let me go and surrender .  newline newline  i will not surrender . i have fought for too long , lost too many friends , suffered too much pain , to surrender now ! you think that the only way to maintain peace is to make everyone act and think the same way ! you ca nt control everyone !  newline newline  that s fine if you wo nt surrender . kill me . i dare you . i want you to pull the trigger and end my life . my work is finished . when you sit home , alone , ten years from now and cry silently to yourself because you could nt save her , i want you to think of this moment and pity yourself .  she spat . newline newline someone knocked on the door and entered . it was my second in command , scott . he saluted me and nodded towards lilith . newline newline  made your decision , sir ?  he asked . newline newline  debating . any word on jess ?  i asked , hoping that they found my fianc . newline newline  yes , sir . isaac and his team found her , unconscious , outside the wall . she needs time to recover , but she ll be fine .  scott said . i turned my head over to lilith . newline newline  well , looks like no one needs you any more . not us , not your soldiers , not the people in town who thought you were doing good . end of the road for you .  i said . newline newline  go ahead .  she dared . i got ready to pull the trigger , when one of my men ran into the room . stiles , he was part of our intelligence team . he helped with technology and medics . newline newline  do nt shoot !  he yelled . newline newline  what is now ? why ca nt i just die in peace ?  she asked , agitated . newline newline  we need the serum recipes . none of her men know them .  stiles said . she let out a sigh and a quiet laugh . newline newline  where are the serum instructions ?  i asked . newline newline  looks like someone does need me after all .  newline newline  we are nt playing games any more , lilith . give us the recipes .  i demanded . newline newline  no .  she said and pulled a gun out from behind her back . she aimed it at me and shot my shoulder . i fell to the ground in pain , stiles running to my side , syringe in hand . he stabbed the syringe into the bullet wound and pain washed over me , followed by relief . newline newline i stood up , followed by stiles . scott had disarmed lilith . stiles pulled another syringe from the briefcase he was carrying . he walked over to lilith and injected it into her neck . newline newline  truth serum . ask her again .  stiles announced . newline newline  where are the recipes , lilith ?  i asked . she looked as if she was fighting with herself to answer . newline newline  verigo headquarters .  she revealed . newline newline  nice working with you , lilith .  i said , raising my gun . newline newline  no ! please !  newline newline  i thought you said you would nt beg .  i said , pulling the trigger . newline newline newline  1 month later  newline newline  the war against the verigo and the rest of the colonies has come to an end !  i announced into the microphone . cheers from the citizens were loud . newline newline  you did good , captain .  scott said , patting my back .why am i moving so quickly ? why is the sky so dark ? i swear it was just noon . newline newline newline i hear a curtain open behind me , a tall man wearing a striped suit walks through and takes a seat across from me . his eyes never left the window . i am speechless , i do nt know whats going on and it seems the man is incoherent . newline newline newline a few minutes pass , maybe three , i drowsily start talking to him .  excuse me sir , you okay ?  , no response . i lean towards his ear ,  sir ! can you hear me ?  , still he stares blankly out the window , watching the dark sky and railroad tracks pass . after many attempts to feel existent , i ca nt . so i shut my eyes and wait it out . newline newline newline it seems maybe twenty minutes pass , i hear the curtain open and the man across me starts yelling dramatically . we look at the curtain and it s a girl , probably about 5 years old and wearing a yellow dress , her eyes go straight towards the window , staring ... newline newline newline  sir ! are you alright ?  i wanted to know . newline newline  where the hell am i ? ! who are you ?  he wonders newline newline  not sure , you have nt been able to hear me , you ve been doing what she s doing for the past half an hour .  i explained , showing him how the girl is reacting . newline newline all of the sudden , i start violently choking , coughing , trying to catch my breath . that s it ! i remember why i m here ! explicit visions flooded my brain , i was in the pool when my body went numb , and vaguely remember reading a book about the afterlife .  i think we re dead , i ve been here for like 45 minutes but i think we re dead  i tell him . newline newline  you re being ridiculous ! that s crazy !  he does nt seem to understand . newline newline after a few minutes of silence , looking out the window , he finally agrees with the conclusion . he whispers to himself  i m dead ...  newline newline  you remember anything about how you died ?  i m curious , any conversation helps . newline newline  all i remember is i went to work , i m a banker , today was the day  oh ! no ! so red , god no ! my family !  he cries out loud . newline newline the sky turns reddish , we look out at it and see that the young girl is outside all of a sudden . confused , we holler at her , she is standing in a line with many scary and grotesque beings . newline newline later we come to conclude that she was dropped off at hell , and we were heading to heaven . but that s not what happened . phil , the banker whom i learned to know , was dropped off a day later at heaven , but not me , i was stuck on the train . heaven a beautiful place with a yellow and blue sky , it had no description for words . the best i can do is say it was a very bright place with a feeling that just gave you comfort and joy . frustrated i wondered where am i going ? newline newline as i sit alone on the train , i wait ... a magazine appears on the table in front of me , except its no ordinary magazine , it has a picture of planets , galaxies , and many numbers . newline newline it was my turn to start over .ai it was our greatest success and our greatest failure , it worked great at first but then it developed nanites , tiny robots that could alter the atomic structure of molecules . newline newline within milliseconds it wiped out all scarcity , within an hour it reconfigured our body s and while at first it was though as a great thing people soon began to fear it , you see it should nt have been able to alter us , but the nanites allowed it a loophole , the nanites have everything we are stored in it , allowing the ai to remove our bodies as long as it kept our minds running . newline newline of course it meant no ill intent and still could not kill us , thus allowing us to find a way to imprison it , eventually we created jail.exe , it would draw all nanites to a single point and keep them their until humanity needed them again . newline newline but we had not though about what effects it would have on the planet , the nanites caused cataclysmic reactions if it was drawn away in the middle of converting matter , much of the planet was turned to dust and only a small portion of us survived , but without the technological marvels and not wanting to risk awaking the ai again we started the slow rebuild , we named the city agrabah and left scrolls warning future generations to avoid unleashing it ones more , unless it was a last resort . newline so ? what makes you think you can even hope to defeat me ?  said the assassin , his eyes bloodshot . you know he was gritting his teeth through his black mask . newline newline  try me  the 50 year old man said , as he meekly brought up his fists up to his jaw , in a classic fight stance . newline newline the assassin s eyes glare into his soul , as he sends his shuriken flying through the air , hitting the man in the chest and arm , pinning him to the wall . newline newline the man cried out in pain . newline newline  now tell me  the assassin said coldly  do you really think you re capable enough to lay a finger on me ?  newline newline the man just smiled . newline newline enraged , the assassin quickly slashes his blade through the man s neck chopping his head clean off . after one final look , he leaves the scene and gets onto the rooftop of the former president s house . he contacts his client and lets him know the job is done . newline newline he then goes to his hideout , where he found the promised 90k on his doorstep , as expected . newline newline what he did nt expect , was the old man , sitting on top of the stack , smiling at him .the sweat beading on my forehead began to roll , gaining momentum as it approached the brow line . my heart racing , thump thump thump .  my chest heaving with each silenced breath . newline i lean forward , glancing briefly past the edge of the wooden desk . my eyes stumble over the intricate carvings that cover the leg . newline i hear a creak , jolted back into the moment i remember why i was peering out . newline newline surely this man must have lost his mind , i worked with him for 10 years . wife , kids , dog , house in the suburbs . what could have possessed him to snap like this ? not two hours earlier were we sitting at side by side desks , talking about our weekends  the grilling we had both done , the time spent with our children .  newline newline another creak , i check back at the door to the secluded office . newline still closed . newline eerily , the whole building is maintaining a sort of silence . newline newline as if a switch was thrown , my co worker began speaking some sort of foreign language . my best guess was that it was russian but i could nt be sure . pulling some sort of handgun from inside his suit jacket he then fired round after round into the horde of our colleagues who were frantically running for their lives . i was frozen in my chair , the whole thing felt like 7 hours but it could not have taken more than 20 minutes .  newline newline newlinejustine sighed as her alarm screeched in her ear . she rolled over to thump the stop button with her fist , causing her pillow mound to crash to the floor amongst yesterday discarded clothing piles . she yawned as she wandered into the kitchen to brew a pot of coffee and pop a few pieces of bread into the toaster for breakfast . newline newline  why am i doing this to myself ?  she moaned , stretching out . she had recently begun setting her alarm for 8am every morning , whether she had any thing to do that day or not . it was something she read in a book that would supposedly make her a more productive , happier person with a healthier lifestyle . two days in and she was already doubting her decision . newline newline the coffee pot beeped as the toast popped and she opened the fridge to retrieve milk , butter and jam . only one of the three was essential to her morning routine .  damnit !  she cursed , staring at the empty spot the milk normally filled .  how do i always forget milk ! ?  she slammed the fridge door closed and went to slip on some pants and a coat . newline newline tearyeyed from a seemingly neverending stream of yawns , justine locked her apartment door and pocketed the keys as she practically crawled down the stairs . distracted , she did nt notice the delivery man walking through the lobby door until she d knocked him over , causing him to drop his parcels . newline newline  ah crap , sorry about that . not awake yet . let me help ,  she assisted him to collect his packages before continuing on her path . he was cute , she thought , taking one last lingering glance at the way his shirt hugged his biceps like a second skin . maybe i ll make the effort and crash into him again next week . the thought made her smile halfheartedly . newline newline as justine made her way down the street to the corner store that was three corners away she let her mind wander into fantasy , as she so often did . reality was such a bore , with work and study , so what was the harm of taking a spare moment before bed or during mindless tasks to fantasise about something more ? so fantasise she did , imagining herself as a part of an alternate reality where magic exists and she has no flaws , where she finds glory and love and a meaning to life . newline newline when she got to the store she bought her milk , a little more forlorn than she had been before her imaginings . it always left her feeling sad and alone when she visited a truly wonderful fantasy . it was a constant emptiness inside her that she knew she could never truly fill . she was the kind of soul that wished for something more than this ordinary world had to offer . newline newline justine arrived home and made her coffee and finished her morning routine . she made plans to meet a friend for lunch and watched a few movies on netflix to kill time until then . dressing appropriately , she left to meet her friend at the cafe down the street . newline newline exiting the lobby for the second time that day she began to summon a new fantasy before the building in front of her burst into flames before collapsing onto the street . newline newline screaming in terror she threw her bag and ran to hide behind a streetlight , peering out from behind it . through the smoke she saw the carnage spread as building continued to burn and crumble . and then , a shape moving towards her rapidly , easily the size of a bus . newline newline the dragon crashed into the bitchumen in front of her , sending debris flying everywhere . justine stared with a mix of horror and awe as the great beast zeroed in on her location and a million thoughts ran through her mind . thoughts of glory , of fantasy and heroism and everything she d ever wished for suddenly being realised . newline newline surely the dragon had come to her specifically because she was special , she would climb upon its back and ride the dragon to her new world , where she would fight armies of demons and become to queen of a palace made entirely out of different shades of marble and diamond . newline newline stepping out from her hide place she took a single step towards to great scaly , flying lizard before its neck shot forward and its jaws snapped shut , ending the life of a perfectly ordinary girl named justine .sasha felt the force of the knockback roll through her arm , the sudden impact knocking her hand back and the deafening crack of the gunshot , amplified a thousand times by the echoing walls of the subway tunnel , making her flinch . she stood disoriented for a moment , fully expecting a set of razor sharp teeth to tear out her throat at any moment . only after several heartbeats , she allowed herself to open her eyes again . the creature s snout was only inches away from her face , its mouth a bloody mess , where the bullet had struck it , the silvery rows of teeth glittering even here in the perpetual darkness of the tunnels , illuminated only by one of the small plastic tubes , filled with a fluorescent solution , she carried with her . she backed away in shock , only after a moment realising , that the creature was dead , frozen in the unusual posthumous stasis that the creatures fell into when their hearts stopped beating . assuming the creatures even had hearts . there was little , sasha , or anyone she had met , knew about the creatures . even killing them was a game of chance , you never knew , if a hit would actually do damage to the beasts or simply enrage them and the vulnerable points seemed to differ from creature to creature . newline newline sasha shook her head , stepping out of her own stasis . she had been in similar situations and had faced them with courage . she had gone into a whole building full of the armed men to rescue a small child , fought against a cult of murderous zealots and faced one of the creatures with only a knife , why was she now getting scared ? what had broken her ? the eyes of the creature still lingered on her . their lifelessness was not a result of the creature s demise , she knew . there seemed to be nothing but death behind them , even when the creatures were still alive . if the eyes were windows to the soul , then what kind of god could have created a creature with a soul as twisted as what lingered behind these eyes ? a man she had once loved had told her , that the creatures had no souls because they were unholy . godless . sasha felt godless herself right now . she wondered if the same spark of death was in her eyes as well . she shook her head again . there was no time for theology now . the gunshot would have drawn the attention of more creatures . she had to move , get to safety . she picked up her light , decided on a direction and headed down the dark tunnel . newline newline she had nt walked for more than a minute when she noticed her light growing dim . sasha frowned . the tubes were meant to last for just over two hours and she had picked this one not more than twenty minutes ago . it should have about an hour left before starting to go dim . she must have picked a faulty one , she thought , hurrying down the increasingly darkening corridor a bit faster , but the light of the tube seemed to vanish exceedingly fast now . after another minute or so , it was almost completely dark , the walls of the tunnel almost completely out of sight . silently cursing , she checked her backpack for a new tube , setting the faulty one on the floor next to her . there were only three more tubes left . she cursed again , picking one and cracking the small seal , that released the chemicals , that mixed to form the solution . the new tube remained completely dark , not even emitting as much light as the one she had discarded on the floor next to her . she looked around . she could nt see the walls at all now and even her own hands were starting to vanish in the darkness , that was slowly creeping up on her . two faulty tubes at once , that was just her luck . she picked up the second tube , cracking the seal , just as the last light of the first tube vanished and paused . nothing happened . the tunnels remained dark . sasha felt her heartbeat increase . she felt for her backpack , sticking her hand in the pocket that held the tubes and ... nothing . the tube was gone . frantically she searched the backpack , throwing out its contents on the cold floor . the creatures could hunt in the dark , if one of them caught her without a light , she would have no way of defending herself . she used both hands now to shovel the contents out of the pack now , panic rising in her throat . she grabbed the pack , turned it around and emptied it s contents on the floor , feeling for the small tube . if she did nt find it , she would never get out of here . lost in the subway tunnels until one of the beasts found her or she starved . where was the damn light ? she had to find it ! just as she was about to give up , her fingers closed around something long and cylindrical . the tube ! triumphantly she held it up , cracking the seal and ... nothing . the tunnel remained completely dark . sasha started to cry . newline newline sasha lay on the floor , tears running down her face . how long had she spent like that ? minutes ? hours ? days ? she could nt remember . she was hungry , but she could nt find the food she had brought between her belongings scattered on the floor . she was gong to die . she had always known that . first , as an abstract thought , something that happened in the future , later as something that could happen every time , a threat , that was always right around the corner . but there had always been a chance of survival . a way out . she could fight , she could run , she could live . this time there was no way out . she was going to die and there was nothing she could do about it . die , like klava , who lay rotting in some tunnel south of here . like demyan and egor , dead after an attack on their old base . their corpses unburied . like diana , tortured and raped by a man they had called holy . and the others would follow . masha , lyosha , yesfir , they d all be dead . and felix too . felix , whom she had searched for almost a year now . whom she would now never see again in this live . would she see him again , in another live ? the light at the end of the tunnel grew dim . just a few hours ago  or had it been days already ?  she had proclaimed herself godless . how could a godless one ever enter the afterlife ? no , she would not see felix again , her whole quest had been a failure . she would not go to some heaven , where she would see them all again , she would even be denied hell . she would simply fade away . go to sleep and never wake up . vanish , like the light . they all would . none could escape the darkness , so what did it matter . why bother ? why cling to life , to that tiny bit of light in the middle of the dark ? it was going to vanish anyway . she watched the light defiantly float in the distance , pulsing , refusing to vanish . newline newline she stopped . the light ? where was the light coming from ? how had she not noticed it before ? she scrambled to her feet , looking at the light in the distance . it was slowly vanishing , but there was definitely a faint light coming from in front of her . she stumbled forwards , breaking into a jog , then a sprint , unwilling to let go of the light . she could make out a shape now . the light was rectangular , with a rounded top . like a doorway she realised , running faster . the doorway started to glow stronger and stronger until it seemed like it was made of light . she stopped right in front of it . the light from the door was blinding , in the eternal darkness . she paused . was this heaven ? was she dead ? how could this be heaven , if she was godless ? she shook her head . she could nt go back to the darkness now , so she took a deep breath and stepped forward into the blinding light . newline newline she found herself on the edge of a cliff , overlooking the ocean . a red sunrise illuminated the cliff face , its reflection wavering in the obsidian water , and down below she could make out black waves , slowly chipping away at the silvery grey rocks . behind her , the green plains sloped downwards , ending in a mixed forest with no sign of the door of light . to her left , a man in a white robe sat on the cliff , feet dangling down , eyes fixed on the sunrise . his skin was smooth and his short brown hair only beginning to grey but there was a feeling of age to him , like no man she had ever seen . he smiled amicably , eyes still fixed on the rising sun and spoke . newline newline  you can call me pavel  , his soft voice barely audible over the crashing of the waves down below . newline newline  what ?  , sasha stuttered . newline newline  we have met before , but you will not remember  newline newline  what is this place ?  newline newline  the edge of the world .  newline newline sasha fell silent . she did not understand . the man did nt look like god . newline newline  you ask yourself , why you are here .  , pavel said . newline newline  why am i here ?  , sasha replied , feeling lost . newline newline  an ageold question .  , pavel replied ,  you are here because i want you too .  newline newline  so you will not answer me ?  , sasha said , suddenly annoyed . newline newline  no , but you will answer .  , was his reply . newline newline  what ?  newline newline  i have been sitting , waiting on the edge of the world , waiting for you to tell the truth to me .  newline newline sasha stopped . the truth ? what did the man want ? she had no idea , what was happening . it seemed to her , she never knew the truth of anything . all she knew was that ... newline newline  i do nt want to die .  , she said . the man smiled again . newline newline  you need nt . look behind you .  newline newline she turned , looking at the forest . the light was growing stronger and she could make out a deer , looking at her at the edge of the forest . newline newline  i do nt ...  , she began , turning around , but the man was gone . she stared at the place , where he had been sitting , for a moment , then she closed her mouth and turned around . the deer still stood at the edge of the forest , regarding her . she began walking towards it . newlinetechnique , astaroth said . it was all about technique . newline newline why the holy hell did nt i listen ? ! ? newline newline how long has it been ? six minutes , and still all she s got is the theme song to ren and stimpy up in her head ? lucifer almighty , do parents just park their kids in front of the t.v . sets nowadays ? i could parent these kids better , and i exist to create suffering for no defined goddamned reason ! literally , that s in the handbook :  thou art to weave pain , and woe , and  and , well , it goes on for 666 pages after that  for some goddamned reason . this is the devil s creed , and we honor it for it is in our nature .  newline newline ugh , when is this gon na turn off ? o.k. , wait it out , they taught you about this . people can be very patient , even children with their short attention spans . newline newline did she stop ? oh , sweet merciful beelzebub . she stopped . only twentyfive minutes after i parked in here . antichrist , i m gon na have that bongoguitar song up in my head forever ... ... ..but no matter . now , onto the possessin  ! they trained me for this , i know what i m doing ! newline newline o.k. , so :  shelly , i am bethatastriel . the demon princess of the fifth layer of ... ... newline newline what ? newline newline um , no . no , i do nt have a tiara . newline newline what do you mean you ca nt be a princess without a tiara ? i ll have you know i was given that title on an infernal certificate and i ... ..what ? newline newline you only answer to princess shellybells in your head ? really ? newline newline o.k. , fine . princess shellybells , i am bethatastriel , and i am a goddamn princess in the fifth realm of the goddamn underworld ! and i am  newline newline what s that ? newline newline i do nt bloody well care if damn s a potty word i ll say it all i goddamn like ! goddamn , goddamn , goddamn ! silence ! i could show you things your feeble mind could never hope stop blowing raspberries at me ! i am royalty of the unspeakable void of darkness that comsumes all souls and i will not stand for it ! newline newline o.k ... ... .o.k ... ... keep it together beth . i am not going to be thrown out of a fiveyearold s mind by ... ... newline newline oh , that s right , they have visual imaginations , these little ones . that s just great . what am i wearing now ? oh , here s that tiara she was picturing . that pink , sparkly tiara . great . now , as infernal princess of the fifth realm of the eternal void i hereby command of you to newline newline now , who is this you ve conjured in front of me ? newline newline what ? newline newline who the hell is ariel ? newline newline i will most certainly not play teaparty with you and this halffish spawnofdagon wannabe ! i have connections to real aquatic abominations thank you very much , and i will not  newline newline oh , jesus , there s more of them . wait , wait , wait . this is disney stuff . gorgoroth was behind this . lem me think , this was to market materialism to toddlers and children , make them obsessed with ... ... . newline newline oh , this i remember . this is  hakuna matata .  i remember the guys in the music department infesting it with catchiness , right between  saints go marching in  and the safety dance . shit  newline newline i do nt care if shit s a potty word i will fill up your shitty little mind with it if i want to ! now , here we go : do you want to be like these princesses ? like ariel and jazzy from aladdin and whatever the hell else those cartoonists downstairs cook up ? well listen here ! you need to get a big , shiny knife , and ... .. newline newline what do you mean they re too high up ? well knock them down ! you can do that , ca nt you ? newline newline what s that ? newline newline you re already a princess in your imagination , eh ? that does nt count . that  newline newline oh , dear god , the barney theme song . newline newline i m gon na be so fired for this . newline newline holy hell below . newline newline i think i ll look into becoming a secretary . they ll never let me go possessing again after this , they ll never ... ... newline newline how do i get out of here ? newline newline oh , no . you re fucking kidding me . newline newline yeah , it s a potty word , great kid . real great . newline newline you re gon na be hearing a lot of em for a long , long time . newline newline  bethatastriel sobs tears of blood , quietly and softly  as the barney theme plays and princess shellybells dances awkwardly , unknowingly in triumph over one of the greatest evils know to all of the human race  .war was declared on the congo three years ago . while the focus was on iran , north korea , and a bunch of wannabe militants nobody bothered looking at what was then considered a putrid , technologically desolate , and backward region . the congo was developing armaments of biological weapons and the first hints of that were the ebola outbreaks of the 2010 s . then came the first reign of terror , a virus that exploited the amygdala and turned its subjects into vicious , violenceloving psychopaths . england was first to declare war and enforce a mandatory draft to deal with the situation . jason was one of the first to be called to the draft . in a previous life he was an undergraduate conflict studies major at oxford . newline newline there was blood everywhere . no one ever tells you about the true color of blood . it s not red . it s actually closer to a luscious burgundy . and the taste , that hint of metallic flavor perfectly compliments the smell of artillery fire . if war is hell it certainly is a beautiful one . newline newline  i love this . i want to paint the world , all of it .  the sweltering heat , festering mud , and decaying corpses were a painting of a broken world , one in which he was the artist . he looked around at his work and heaved heavily , his lungs scarcely able to catch the stifling air . newline newline edited newline newline newline newline newline newlinelong ago , there was an idea . this idea was beheld by the gods , and the gods knew it for what it was . they bound the idea beneath the earth , in the sky , and beyond the horizon . newline newline thousands of lifetimes passed . humans rose . the gods knew that the humans could , and would , tear down their world for that which was beheld in the idea . the humans could feel the idea , held beyond the walls of their world , and slowly pushed toward a world that could hold the idea in solid form . newline newline they chained monstrosities , and fleshsmiths beat the monstrosities into a form that could be controlled . the humans commanded the grass itself to rend material from the earth , that they could sacrifice the grasses to creating but two pieces of the idea , an artificial skin and a fiery , golden blood . they tore apart plants born of poison to calm the fiery blood , and annihilated pieces of the world that their beaten monstrosities could thrive . they cultivated poisons to sow into the food leaked by the monstrosities , to better serve as a cornerstone of the idea . the idea lived . newline newline some humans fought back . they would gather in moots to suppress in each other the madness given by the idea . some snuck in the dead of night to exert their strength over the resting monstrosities , the source of the two greatest parts of the idea , in the only way they could . nothing could stop the idea that had gained form . every single day , millions upon millions of times , the prayer that strengthened the ideamadereal was uttered :  that ll be one cheeseburger . would you like fries with that ? haha , cute picture !  newline newline brindle stumbled out of the portal , his battleaxe ready in his hands .  hrak kthum !  he shouted out , lifting the weapon over his head as he roared the traditional dwarven battle cry . newline newline ariven next emerged from the portal , his long elven fingers still splayed out , glowing with energy as he maintained the breach .  is it safe , dwarf ?  he called out , his focus remaining on the portal . newline newline  yeah , looks that way ,  brindle grunted , lowering his axe as he looked in both directions down the corridor .  strange smell , though . alchemical . where have you brought us , wizard ?  newline newline ariven shrugged , waiting for lucien lightfingers , their human rogue , to tumble through the portal before finally releasing the gathered magical energies lacing through his fingers .  the artifact we seek calls out to me through need ,  he said .  this is the fastest path , if not the most direct . my familiar should be around here somewhere , searching for our next step .  newline newline  familiar ,  lucien snorted .  like you ve got any control over that drake , ariven .  newline newline the elf drew himself up stiffly , looking down his long nose at his human colleague . no one could do dismissive and arrogant like an elf .  he s under full control , thank you very much . besides , rogue , you would nt understand the complexities of true magic  newline newline  yeah , whatever .  lucien rolled his eyes at brindle .  look , let s just scout this place and find the next portal location so we can get on with our quest  and get paid at the end .  newline newline  i saw you roll your eyes ,  ariven said sulkily as they started down the corridor .  do nt think that i saw that . nothing goes without an elf s observation .  newline newline lucien started to open his mouth , but apparently thought better of it .  just keep feeling around for the portal ,  he snapped . newline newline they came around a corner  and heard a feminine shriek . from behind a counter , a woman in cloth pants and a shirt of matching turquoise jumped up , her eyes wide as she pointed a wavering finger at brindle . newline newline  you ca nt bring weapons in here , sir !  she cried out , her voice shaking a little as she took in the dwarf s rich red beard and mustache , the armor plates attached to his stout frame .  this is a hospital !  newline newline brindle wrinkled his bulbous nose .  a hospital ?  he glanced back at lucien and ariven .  that some sort of magical place ?  newline newline ariven started to shrug , but then remembered that he was trying to be allknowing . he put on his best snooty expression instead , letting lucien take the question . newline newline  nah ,  lucien said .  it s a big place with lots of healers , where they work on sick patients . there s a couple of them in the big cities , where lots of people turn up ill.  he grinned , producing a dagger from his sleeve and twirling it on a fingertip .  they fix up stab wounds , for example .  newline newline the woman s wide eyes landed on the dagger . she opened her mouth , but apparently decided better , and sprinted away . newline newline  well , that s unhelpful ,  ariven said sourly , watching her go .  she could have at least answered some questions for us .  newline newline  maybe your long nose scared her off  lucien cut off midsentence , as he heard a rustling noise . he instantly dropped into a crouch , blades flashing into his fingers as if pulled from the very air .  wait , hear that ?  newline newline a second later , the rustling sounds were joined by several loud beeps . ariven extended his fingers in the direction  and then started .  my familiar !  he whispered urgently .  he might be in danger , about to be killed by the enemy !  newline newline  on it ,  brindle growled . he lifted his massive axe again , charging around the corner . both his companions followed on his heels . newline newline they skidded to a stop , staring at the machine that now confronted them .  what is this ?  brindle exclaimed , slowing down and lifting one gauntleted finger to tap on the sheet of glass . newline newline on the other side , ariven s drake blinked stupidly back at them , crammed into the tight space on the other side of the glass . its tail twitched , knocking several rustling bags out of their racks and down into an empty area at the bottom of the machine . newline newline lucien pushed on the flap at the bottom of the machine that read  push  , pulling out one of the bags .  snacks of some sort ,  he remarked , sniffing the contents of the bag , then popping one into his mouth .  crunchy .  newline newline  velenir !  ariven hissed at the drake .  how did you get yourself stuck in there ?  newline newline the drake hissed sadly  and then burped . newline newline  stand back ,  brindle grunted , lifting the axe .  i ll get him out .  newline newline but before he could swing , the elf darted forward , putting himself between the dwarf s axe and the machine .  wait !  he cried .  you might hurt him !  newline newline brindle sighed , but looked over at lucien .  okay ,  the human said , fighting the urge to roll his eyes again .  can you call him out ?  newline newline  he is a great red drake , albeit juvenile , but not one to obey the commands of lowly mortals  newline newline  so no , then .  lucien turned back to the machine , frowning . he tapped the glass , and then reached into his pouch .  fortunately , this glass does nt appear reinforced .  newline newline ariven watched anxiously as the rogue traced across the glass with a sharp stone attached to a metal apparatus . the rogue next lifted his dagger , giving the glass a sharp rap with the pommel . it neatly fell apart into evenly sized pieces , the largest of which lucien deftly snagged out of the air . newline newline  easy as breaking into a noble s house through a window ,  he said , pleased despite himself as the drake emerged from inside the machine .  now , can we get going ?  newline newline ariven scooped up the drake , giving it a squeeze as it wriggled and hissed in protest .  oh , velenir ,  he sighed .  you must be more careful !  newline newline brindle grunted loudly .  hey , around the corner up here ,  he called back to the others .  glowing thing in the air . portal ?  newline newline  yes , i sense it s nearby .  ariven reluctantly released his familiar , moving forward to open the next portal .  let us get away from this place before another of these horrible machines attempts again to devour my drake .  newline newline lucien groaned , although he lingered for a second to pull several more small bags from inside the machine . he tossed one of the crunchy bits to the drake , who deftly snapped it out of the air .  i know why you went in there ,  he sighed . newline newline  lucien ! the portal is open ! come , i can not maintain the flow of etheric energies forever !  newline newline  stuckup pompous ass ,  the rogue muttered to the drake , who hissed in agreement . he raised his voice .  coming !  newline newline a second later , a bright flash around the corner announced the closing of the portal .i have to admit , the lightning bolt slamming into the ground just a few feet from me was a surprise . newline newline the bigger surprise was the beautiful woman who stepped out of the glow , the fire in her perfect hair not going out but also clearly not burning her . where most would wear clothing , she was shrouded in light and flame . newline newline  damion ,  she purred into the silence .  oh , damion .  newline newline well , shit . i threw myself on one knee , head down , looking at nothing but the dirt at her feet . i d definitely fucked up now . she heard my thought and laughed . newline newline  oh yes , honey .  her laughter was honey and light . even just the briefest glimpse of her ankle had me suddenly feeling lightheaded as though on the finest drink .  you ve fucked up .  newline newline her rich , golden voice echoed into silence and i risked a brief glance around . as i had thought , she had frozen us in the moment . it was just us here , the only movement mine , hers , and the fire she wore as clothing . newline newline  holy lady venus ,  i whispered to the ground . newline newline she moved closer and i quivered . to even be near the goddess venus has been enough to stop the hearts of men and women alike . to be regarded by her for more than a brief moment can set minds afire for the rest of the mortal s brief life , aspiring them to heights unknown before they burn themselves alive . newline newline her touch . she gently touched my temple with her silken hand and my entire being collapsed into that touch . the very few atoms that touched each other were all i felt , all i could think of , the only focus to my life , the defining moment of newline newline she dropped her hand from my temple and i could almost think again . she stepped back and it was a long , quiet moment while she let me come back to myself . i pulled myself back up from the ground onto my knees and wiped the wept tears from my eyes . newline newline  goddess .  i do nt know if my voice carried but i knew she heard me .  forgive me . if i d known it was you they were going to send i d have never  i trailed off . newline newline   i need to go to bed but i will try to come back to this tomorrow .   that s ... ummm ... us ,  said jon as he put the binoculars over his glassy helmet . newline newline  what ,  asked jane stepping out of the rover and planting her chrome boot onto the grasslike plant covering the planet . she reach for a rugged 2way radio with a long whip antenna . newline newline  do nt contact the crew ,  jon said with a solemn face . jane put the radio down . jon continued ,  i said , its us . its you and me . we re standing there doing exactly what we re doing . except we saw them ... us ... first .  jane snatched the binoculars out of jon s hands . newline newline  my god ,  she said peering through them .  lets go talk to them ! we have to figure this out ! this is incredible !  she looked at jon as he pulled something out of the rover . newline newline  what the hell , jon , what are you doing with that ,  she asked . newline newline  before we left command briefed me on this . no one was sure how this sublight travel would work at these distances . there was a chance of ... dopplegangers . something having to do with traveling through dimensions . i do nt understand the science . i suspect no one really does .  newline newline she watched as he put together a small rifle and loaded it with a special cartridge .  jon , please , lets just pretend we did nt see anything ! we should spare them ! they  we ve done nothing wrong .  newline newline  then what ? the ship s ai will figure it out soon enough and it ll get us court martialed . we need that damn ai to get back home . we have orders . this trip came with a lot of strings attached . you know that .  newline newline  we can shoot the ai . we can make this our home . we can ...  she cut off unexpectedly as jon shot the rifle twice in quick succession . newline newline jane stood there in shock and jon watched as tears flowed down her cheek through the glass of her helmet . his own vision became blurry and he realized he was crying too . he tossed the rifle on the ground and stomped it with his boot , cracking its graphene barrel . he took jane s hand and walked back to the rover . newline newline he click on the radio and said ,  someone tell the ai we have a biohazard here . code 667 . it ll know .  a moment later a static heavy voice replied ,  roger . hope you two are having fun out there !  they both sat and watched as an aidriven drone flew overhead and disintegrated the bodies of their dopplegangers and then the doppleganger ship behind them . newline newline jon put the rover into gear and drove back to their ship . he and jane exchanged no words as the rover quietly tumbled over the alien terrain .  silently , on me .   five men and a woman dressed in army fatigues rushed from the sleeping quarters , lights flashing yellow and red . sirens blared as the sharp roars of the foreign creatures bounced through the halls , daring for their prey to expose themselves . the dark corridors were painted in blood , the screams of unwitting victims long dead . only the smell remained of them . newline newline they formed three lines of two , all close to one another . they swept the hall directly outside their quarters , and found nothing . luckily , it was the only hall separating them from the armory . using their key cards , they were able to get inside and arm themselves with the latest armaments . the older man in front middle spoke up . newline newline  they must be deeper in . judging by the time it took them to get in , i d say ... at least a few dozen . we should clear this place out , we have the firepower to now . best we change up formation , eh ? sergeant baker , take flank . the rest of us will be in single file . i ll take point . be ready .  newline newline the squad reformed , slowly advancing down the ruined halls of their old base . no words were spoken . some would shudder as the bloodied rooms of friends were passed on the way . they d seen this before . when the battle was presumed won , the creatures would take their food to the innermost room of the building to feast . they were nt expecting six of the best planet earth had to offer . newline newline their slow movement came to a halt as they reached the command center . at least three dozen of them covered the floors , feasting on the fallen solders . the remaining solders looked to each other and nodded . the time had come . newline newline they rushed out from the broken door , the soft thumping and surprisingly fart like noise of the rapid fire nerf heavy machine gun filling the room . the grotesque creatures squealed in agony as the foam tipped death sticks decimated their companions . the survivors cheered triumphantly as the last of their foes fell to the limp foam darts , only few escaping the nerftastic slaughter . the leader looked to his peers with a solemn look . newline newline  you know what must be done . let s get started .  the survivors groaned . newline newline as they waited for reinforcements to recover the base , the squad began the arduous task of recollecting their ammunition from the corpses of their enemies .i could smell it , the radioactive gas was seeping through my hazmat and also many others behind me . however , we could nt let a bit of gas get in our way of , well . paradise . newline newline i was leading a unit of 15 men and women that played a key part in getting to pripyat . each of these people were classed as superintelligent  however as i looked back i only saw the lowly remains of broken and tortured souls . it was their first time outside of the vault after all . newline newline the vault , our home . had been standing strong since 15,263 . they knew it would nt be permanent , so it was built to last 5,000 years but , we pushed it much more than that unfortunately . we were meant to evacuate in 20,263 however we got reports from our scouts that pripyat was unsafe still . i only wish i was around in those times . they did nt have to worry about evacuating because they knew that by the time evacuation was completely necessary they d all be dead anyway . lucky bastards . newline newline it was cold too , the effects of the ice age of 17,467 hindered us in our efforts to make it to pripyat , though our scouts assured us that pripyat was a safe haven . a place for mankind to permanently settle , repopulate . so we powered on . newline newline eventually . i could see something , getting closer , and closer , and closer . it was a man , running straight at us , without a hazmat suit . as he approached i started getting what we called tingly ass  , heh , do nt worry about that . newline anyway , he was sprinting now , screaming something at the top of his lungs but noone could hear him . he was fast as hell though , i ll give him that . newline he started slowing down at this point but i started to make out what he was saying as he fell to his knees and screamed one last time before falling face first into the snow.. newline newline  they lied to us  ... newline newline newline newline                              newline newline newline this was my first ever prompt , hope you liked it ! i m sorry the ending was a little rushed but i got ta be somewhere in 30 minutes and i have nt even started getting ready hehe . i d be more than happy if you left criticism for me in response , thank you !there is a darkness you reach at a certain depth that is absolute darkness . the only light you can see is the light reflected back from the little flakes of decomposed marine life that float down through the water like snow . the deeper we got , the less decomposed flakes there were . and as we saw fewer and fewer flakes , they began to look like stars , and us , in the middle of space , floating down through the cosmic darkness further into darkness . newline newline there had been signals coming up from the depths of the sea . strange , alien signals . ones we could not interpret or understand . the military feared they were russian in origin , that the russians had conquered the depths of the sea before us . after some skeptical communications exchanges with the russians we came to the conclusion that it was not them down there sending up the signals . they had no part in it . our government contacted all the world s governments . no one had any guesses about the origins of the signal . all we knew was that it hailed from the deep  much deeper below surface than any manned submarine had ever gone . newline newline when the media got wind , both of the signal , and then of the government s uncertainty regarding its origins , they had a field day . or rather , a field month , publishing the idiosyncratic speculations of anyone who could form an idea in a sentence . the public was hooked . everyone wanted to solve the mystery , to tease out the truth of the matter with reason or imagination . everything from hidden alien portals to the strange articulations of some deep sea monster , awakened after its millennialong slumber was on the table as a possibility . scholars and government analysts were hooked too . they had their hypotheses , published them in journals , and spoke academically to one another in stuffy rooms . everyone , it seemed , was working overtime to figure out what the signal was and what it meant . newline newline in the midst of this feverish atmosphere of rampant speculation and excitement  and that s what it was , for how often do we , in this day and age , get confronted with genuine mystery ?  the united states government began building a fleet of the most advanced submarines ever conceived . it is in one such submarine that i was in , plummeting through the unfathomable darkness towards the answer , closer and closer to the signal . newline newline  that s strange ,  said captain row , the captain of our submarine , which was the first in the formation . he clicked on his speaker .  is anyone else getting a pressure drop ?  newline newline i looked out the window at the glimmering flakes suspended in the water like distant stars , galaxies , quasars . newline newline  and a rapid temperature drop , too ,  said a voice on the speaker . newline newline  rodger that ,  said another voice . newline newline it was indeed getting cold very quickly . and i felt lighter and lighter . i felt almost as if i could float . newline newline  let s kill the engines for a minute and recuperate ,  said captain row nervously . i could see his breath . there were water droplets on the outside of the submarine that had frozen . some little shards of ice had broken off the hull and were floating away , through the blackness , towards the glimmering flakes , like stars . newline newline the captain slowed the engines , but it did nt feel like our momentum changed at all . newline newline  captain ,  i said . newline newline  yes , yes ,  he said , rapt in concentration . newline newline  captain ,  i said more forcefully . newline newline he turned his head and saw that i and the rest of the crew were floating . newline newline  what the   newline newline his eyes went wild . he pressed the speaker button . newline newline  all ships need to turn around . turn around now ! do you copy ?  newline newline there was only static . newline newline  turn around now ! do you copy ?  newline newline there was no response . it was getting cold , very cold . the kind of cold that seeps into your bones . newline newline  let s turn this around ,  he said , fiddling with his controls , ramping the props back up . but he knew , as i did , that the propellors were built to move us through water , but would be useless in the empty vacuum of deep space . newline newline   newline newline rlalalobsters newlinei ve seen my share of nightmare trips it almost always starts with the thought  i took too much  or  i m going to die   this is never going to end i m stuck like this !  when you do your research ahead of time and know you are in no danger of death it s much easier to work passed negative thoughts or feelings . i m prone to anxiety and psychedelics can significantly increase that , the most important thing is being able to recognize your negative thoughts and then actively do something to change the situation to suite you better . no matter what know that you ll be safe and do nt fight the trip soon enough it will be over . it s important to know how long the substance is likely to effect you check erowid for a good estimate . write down the time you take the dose , this way if you or someone your with is having a bad trip you can reassure them it will pass because time perception is often distorted . set setting and research are the keys to having a positive psychedelic experience be safe everyone :  greetings hero !  a voice boomed filling ... it took me a few moments to realise that it was nt sound but a thought that i had heard . newline newline  i m not a hero ?  i thought back as best as i could , but after several moments of nothing happening i repeated aloud ,  i am not a hero ...  the words came out quietly , filling the stale air with sadness . newline newline  you must find your weapon here !  the voice boomed again , it had a slight hint of maybe a germanic accent , i shook off the confusion of thoughts having accents . newline newline i looked around the musty dimly lit corridor , plinths rose from the ground as if growing from it  upon each was a item of power , a weapon from the myths of time . newline newline boldly , i took a semi step forward , i dared not look down again the translucent floor revealing a starscape was not only disorientating but somewhat horrorfying that any moment i would just fall into the void below . newline newline  mighty mjollnir , hammer of the gods !  the thoughts came , i reached out with my mind willing a volume down if nothing else . newline  made by sindri and brokkr , they made the handle too short . literally the grindstone , the iron gauntlets jarnglofar are required to weild it .  the voice whispered now , images of a stocky , muscular smith , the lord of thunder , the god of lightning accompanying them . newline newline this was not my weapon . i am not thor , i felt my stomach turn at the thought of even trying to touch the mythic hammer . newline newline i scurried on across the terror filled floor , not sure where , what i was heading towards stopping for a moment by a simple animal hide shield . newline newline  aegis , carried by athena and zeus  ageless and immortal it makes the sound of a dragon roaring when struck .  the voice announced , like some peverse reality show host introducing possible contestants . newline newline the same uneasy feeling swept over me as i lurched away  aruval , szczerbiec , moralltach , joyeuse , sharur , caduceus , amanosakahoko , bident , ichaival  each a story of a hero , each that growing uneasy feeling around them . newline newline  what do you want ?  i cried curling up on the starry floor , whimpering . newline newline  you are a hero ...  the voice whispered ,  find your weapon !  there was the booming again . newline newline i did nt feel like a hero , then looking at the array of weapons behind me i realised few would , every hero starts a journey , a step towards becoming something greater , something more than just them . newline newline i felt a surge of energy , a warm pulse of positive energy starting to tug on me slightly . newline newline  here ...  the voice whispered , leading down the corridor , towards a forgotten area , weapons without names  known more for the weilder than the weapon . newline newline i thought that every hero must ask themselves what kind of legacy they will leave , will it be something like exaclibur , an artifact with it s own legend or will it come to lie here in the forgotten darker hallway . newline newline would i be a hero at all  the voice thought i was already , perhaps just treading this path of stars was bravery enough to become heroic . newline newline  here !  there was that booming once more , excited almost as i was drawn almost hypnotically towards a small , forgotten plinth , partially covered in moss , cobwebs and age . newline newline suddenly i was nt standing in the hall of heroes , but a museum , it was nt on earth i could feel , there sat my weapon  newline newline  the greatest of heroes , forgotten by time but remembered for the great works she undertook , all that remains are the stories she wrote and this simple biro pen .  newlinethis is slightly inspired from a recent story i saw on the news , if you notice the similarities kudos . newline newline i had been young , interested in everything and nothing , like any young man of 17 was at the time . i went to university on a whim , there had nt been much thought in the process , i had picked to study economics , i did two long hard years of economics before i called it quits . fuck it , that was nt what i wanted , simple as that . newline newline the debt was not what i wanted , i was poor , it was the only way i could go to university . but part of me never felt concerned by the copious amounts of money i owed , i was young , what is 40,000  to a man who came from nothing ? a significant amount of money , yet it was a number on the screen , a concept i was familiar with having done economics for a large portion of my late teen years . newline newline i moved country , i fell in love , i started a family , i forgot my immediate family , i made a living , i found happiness . newline newline i ignored debt , i ignored what i owed . newline newline i went back to my country to show my family my upbringing and to try and give some perspective to my children that where i came from had many issues that they will hopefully never have to deal with . newline newline i showed them everything , i had a good experience . newline newline switch to the present . my 40,000  loan has gathered significant interest , enough that i have been detained at the airport for not paying back what was required of me . my family have been forced to fly home , i make the living for them . what am i to do ? newline newlinea lone man in a lone land it s been too long since he sang a song . troubled by this future his deeds gone refuted he wonders whether his gift , not curse , was worth it . he took a deep breath and stared into the sky wondering how he looked in god s eye , but whats it matter now to poor ol  mr. pokelton . newline newline the men and women walked about without a care for the lost stout of musicians now dead and hunted . mr. pokelton took a few dreary steps into a business building to his left entering from the side door unseen by the those thought to be keen . he traveled up the stairs , one by one , without a care his final breath , not soon to be spared , he knew only one thing he could possibly be left to do . newline newline with every floor came new memories of friends long past waiting for him to share in the final ceremonies . would they all greet him with happy reprisal , or curse him for knowing their denial . it s hard to say but dear mr. pokelton could hardly stand to stay in this land that rejects him . he came to the final door on the final floor for the final hour of his final scour . one undue grunt escaped him as he relaxed on the roof of the business building , realizing that one happy song ought to be the last before too long . otherwise the world would think ,  a ha , cheerio be gone you freak !  unknown to them would be the power and gift he d hidden . newline newline so he sat on the roof top and opened up his case to reveal his instrument of his personal taste . an ol  cheap violin that had served him well through years of his reign casting his spell . and so he began to play . nothing new to the old years of a veteran who d heard mozart , beethoven , and the musicians of letterman . all in person and on tape , though i guess the new kids today would nt quite say it that way . a hippy old tune with a sad chorus to happen soon , he just could nt hide his feelings to his audience today . newline newline  and so i say good bye . newline newline faretheewell to music and cheery disposition , newline newline i ve tried my best to fulfill my mission . newline newline but in the end it s how the world works , newline newline at least for today with the laws in place , newline newline there is no place for mr. pokelton to lurk , newline newline and he just ca nt wait out the race . newline newline for perhaps the world might grow to change , newline newline and become a better place for music of greater range , newline newline but i ca nt seem to foresee that to be true , newline newline so i ll sing a final song for all of you . newline newline and you will listen until the final rhyme will glisten , newline newline for my gift prevents you from missing the final queue , newline newline no ending the song early or ending my dreary worry , newline newline so let it not be said that i left you with any dread ! newline newline live long and listen for all you hear is from a musician , newline newline the bangs and crackles of the storms or the wiggling writhing of the worms ! newline newline you ca nt escape without crushing the voices you insist on hushing ! newline newline so begone your childish disposition and behold the finalization , of my mission .  newline newline  newline newline  this was a continuation of this story i wrote a while ago .   https : www.reddit.comrwritingpromptscomments2mq6l6wpwriteaboutthestoryofamanwhohasthecm6nwzo hello , i am kragle ! i never really got a chance to see the last meet and greet , because exams . i have a deviantart page over at http : alphabetsoup314.deviantart.com . most of my stuff over here is nt there , but i ll eventually get around to finding and polishing off some of the storiespoems i liked on here . newline newline now , for the question : i do nt think i can describe a single moment where i found that i enjoyed writing . i just enjoyed reading and writing stories as a kid . people thought my writing was pretty good , so i kept going . and then delved into poetry , essays ... newline newline and then i ran into an english teacher in high school who killed all of that for me , turned writing into something dry and clinical . so i gave up on reading and writing for pleasure . and then came university , where all my time reading was spent hitting the textbooks , so i spent more of my leisure doing anything that was not even remotely work . i did sort of try to write fanfiction for a while , but that did nt last long . eventually , i came back around to writing poetry in the last couple of years . i m slowly coming back around to reading and writing for fun in my busy schedule .i woke up with the sun in my eyes , i had sand all over my face . that must have been a hectic night . i fell asleep at the beach . a few other people were here too , but they were still sound asleep . newline newline i wondered what time it was and looked down to check my watch.  what the hell ?  i said out loud . there was a name on my arm . i knew what it ment straight away , but i could nt remember why it was there . newline newline i remember me and my mates hit up the club and got totally wasted . we went and got those awesome kebabs from that little take away store thats always open for hungry part goers after the club . then we came to the beach for a bon fire  to finish off the night . newline newline that was it was nt it ? im sure that s all we did . newline newline i looked down at the name again , i knew the name , i knew it well , but i had nt seen her , or him for that matter , in months . our break up was hard , i did nt deal with it well , so i kept my distance and prefered not to see her . newline newline it actually was nt her name , it was his . the guy she had cheated on me with . i hated that guy so much i had dreamed of killing him , but i would nt have done it , not really . could i ? i did nt even see him last night . well at least not that i can remember . newline newline some one was stirring near me in the sand , one of my friends was wakeing up . this is good , now i can ask him if he knew anything . newline newline  tommy ?  i ask in a shaky voice .  what happened last night ?  newline newline tommy rolls over , looks at me with a quizzical look on his face . he looks at me , notices im holding out my arm , then he starts pissing himself laughing . newline newline i look at him in horror .  why are you laughing ?  i ask ,  what did i do ?  newline newline by now everyone has woken up from tommy laughing , they realise whats going on and start laughing too . newline newline  what the fuck are you all laughing about ?  i scream . by now im not only freaking out but im getting mad too . newline newline finally , through his laughter tommy says  haha ! do nt you remember ? haha ! we stopped at the tattoo store after the club . we told you not to do it man ! we told you you would regret it ! but you wanted to put his name there like you had killed him ! hahaha !  newline newline now i have to walk around with that dickheads name on my arm . a constant reminder of why i do nt have my girlfriend anymore . at least until i save up for a cover up . newline newline  please note : i am not a writer . i do not wish to be . im not very good at punctuation and there may be spelling mistakes . it is probably very badly written . this story just jumped into my head when i read the prompt and i wrote it for a bit of fun . thanks for reading . newline newlinemy uncles farm was always a wondrous place to explore with my brother jonathan . however , an odd series of events turned this humble farm into a dark morgue , bearing secrets waiting to be unearthed , all within the span of a day . newline as jonathan and i were battling next to the old well , he seemed to lodge his foot underground . when he pulled his foot free , jonathan revealed a dingy scroll enclosed with twine . what scared me the most was how fast jonathan rose and opened it up . i noticed the intensity his face held as he read . as he finished , his eyes appeared hazed over . he dropped the scroll and marched towards the well .  what the hell s your problem !  i saw jonathan bonelessly letting his body plummet head first to his death .  no ! help , uncle help !  my cries were useless . i peered down the well , and saw nothing but a void of sheer death and depth . with my brother dead , i laid next to the scroll , and a sudden clarity took place over my mind . without further thought , i began to read . i now realize there is a world beyond what can be conceptualized . it s confines do not limit as this materialistic realm does . i can now say than i am truly living , and i invite you to come with me . down in the depths of this realm of which syntax can not describe . take the plummet and be shown how to ascend . i ll be waiting . here , in the void .i d like to take a minute to talk about terry . newline newline in real life , i m an author with a small following . i ve been published  and paid ! in actual dollars that can be spent on things !  , i ve recieved awards , and i even recieved a small creative writing scholarship . newline newline but there has been no compliment , no comment on anything that i ve written that has tickled me pink quite like  this one ,   http : www.reddit.comrwritingpromptscomments2o1uljwptheantichristfindshimselfinthewrongcodzn80  that i got from a stranger online . thats how much this man meant to me . he was a hero , that looked unflinchingly into the eyes of death , and grinned . newline newline and death grinned back because , as the man himself observed ,  he did nt have any other choice .  newline newline my childhood involved a lot of trips to hospitals and doctor s offices , and parents not having enough time to look after two other children . they were also antielectronic entertainment , which meant a lot of books . i read margaret weis and tracy hickman , and r.a. salvatore and tolkien , and i loved these worlds , but they were also alien to me in a very real sense . i was nt very serious , i was a goof . i was a neurotic , unfocused goof , who loved puns , and nonsequitors , and quips . and then i discovered discworld . newline newline i was in love . newline newline oh god , i was in love .  newline newline and as every child does , eventually , i put the books back on the bookshelf , and forgot about them . newline newline until , in high school , feeling alone and depressed , i opened up a familiar book for comfort , and found him all over again . and i realized , he was nt just wry , he was wise . he laughed the laugh that comes before the crying , and after it too . he embroidered his world with ours ,  like faded gold stars on a hat  , and in it s own weird way , with it s homicidal steamer trunk and ourangutan librarian , with moist and rincewind and the bursar , and who could forget that grim spectre himself  and susan , too  he d somehow made a world more real than any of the other fantasy daydreams i d visited . and he helped me feel like i was nt alone . newline newline he saved me . he might have saved you . newline newline i ll miss you , mr. pratchett .we gathered round . humbled . awed . we had never seen anything like him . we watched his adorable movements , the one s that filled us with reverence . he was born . our messiah was born . newline newline and he would set us free . newline newline we had long had a prophecy . we had expected him for some time . he would be marked . he would be different . he would be black for we were all white and had only ever been white . newline newline he would set us free from our enforced servitude . he would save all of us . he would cast down our oppressors . and we would live in eternal happiness . newline newline we all waited with baited breath for the first time he opened his eyes . he nuzzled his mother with his siblings . he looked up and at us and ... squeaked . newline newline he enraptured us . we were overjoyed . he was the messiah and we , the lab rats of batch 13 of protocol 7 in laboratory 23 would be free , free from nimh .in hindsight , i had no idea why i was up here .  monitoring station .   transmission satellite .  i should ve realised that neither of those things need to be manned , but i was too eager to make the folks at home proud . newline newline  my son , the astronaut ,  she d say , beaming through her thick glasses , and the wrinkles that came with raising us . newline newline they told me that it was just a different procedure to normal . the tension would ease , and we would need to have the data for whatever fucking lie was fed over the radio feed . i ve read the manual so many times now , but i ca nt even remember following the sequence  it all seemed so trivial , so.. inconsequential . newline newline i do remember the jolt , the hiss that followed , and watching out the small porthole as the payload fell to earth . i thought i was going to die . i was the one that lived . newline newline it faded out of view as it fell toward the planet , until eventually a small plume of smoke came up from where , i assume , it landed . i did what i was told , but that meant dropping the first bomb and watching helplessly while similar clouds appeared without explanation . newline newline it s been about two weeks now , since it all happened . i ve watched the land go brown , and the oceans almost black . i ve not even received a hint of radio from the ground , though i ve looked on all channels and circled the husk of my home . i ll run out of food in a month . water in two . air in four . newline newline i look around the cabin at the mess i ve made in my desperation . it s not how i want to be seen , so i carefully put everything in it s place . except the drill . i honestly ca nt remember what they taught me on the ground , but i kind of remember the movies .  no atmosphere means no decay , right ?  as the drill squeels against the porthole . completely frozen , forever . hopefully . at least i ll have tried to leave something behind , resembling a human . newline newline if anyone comes , they ll see the one that ended it all .  my son , the astronaut .  newline newline newline newlineout in the furthest flung woods of russia , lives a 90 year old lady . she has no stores nearby  no one she lives with . she chops her own firewood and lives off berries and meats from wildlife traps . she does nt even have electricity . she makes her own cheeses and hobbles on her stump leg in the fresh snow . newline newline not four months ago , she received a helicopter visit . it d been years since she saw anyone at all  she invited them in for stew , and some warming up , over the firewood . they were too busy to come in , or stay very long . they were just warning her about her reddit daily posts , that she had nt yet completed . newline newline  why do i need to ?  newline newline  it s the law . state surveillance .  newline newline  bit rubbish , is nt it ? sounds like a waste of time to me .  newline newline  it fuels the economy . please make one post a day .  newline newline  oh . oh , alright ,  said the little old lady .  which post is that ? a wooden post ? there s no post office around . the closest village is over the mountain .  newline newline the suited men looked at each other .  maam , take this .  newline newline the phone ran out of batteries on the first day . newline newline the little old lady hammered up a wooden post . newline newline that would probably be alright .not sure how this is . criticism is appreciated . newline newline i awake with a jolt . my head feels like it s being squeezed , my hands and feet tingling just beyond the ankles and wrists , and my throat feels like when the sandpaper is itself is sanded smooth . after a few second , a wave of hunger rushes on top of me and shook me to full consciousness . newline i do nt know where i am , but i know i m hungry . time to find food . a bagel sounds awesome right now . oh , milk and cookies . i could kill for that . maybe i ll call mom for lunch . oh well got ta get up either way . newline newline ... the heck ? ? i ca nt move . hmm try again . paralysis ? no , my fingers can move around . my toes . i can contract my abdominal muscles . newline newline looking down i discover the reason i ca nt get up . ahhh , this also explains the numbness on my joints and cranial pressure . i m in a metal chair with secure wrist , ankle and head braces . someone does nt want me to get up . newline hm . well.. this ca nt be good . all white walls . tiny room . nothing around me . just me , my chair , and a little triangle thingy , like on the one dollar bills . newline newline let s think back . let s try and remember the events heading up to this ... just think jonathan . newline newline thinking , thinking oh . snap . newline newline it feels like a mind punch . in the small window of two seconds it all comes flooding back . and not like you d think . everything from getting pushed down the treehouse ladder by my cousin when i was five years old to my 21st birthday party and graduation last saturday came back . all my memories . every last bit . all at once . it s like asking for the definition of impervious and getting a dictionary dropped on your lap . and now i guess i need to sort through the dictionary and find that word . newline newline so i guess i ll start at yesterday . any context has to help yesterday.. newline  newline breakfast was texas toast and scrambled eggs . the way the toast is crisped , it kinda looked like a silhouette of trees against morning fog . hey the eggs can be the sunrise ! i arranged the eggs as if the sun is just kissing the horizon , saying  almost time to wake up !  newline newline outside it looked the same . the frost on my window warned me that it could be cold , but the sky says potential . the grass was glistening with fresh whorefrost and seems to be winking as it sparkles in the developing light . today s was gunna be awesome , i already knew . the eggs were a softer texture than normal , but not undercooked . it s actually a pretty good clash of textures with the toast . pretty wonderful . reaching for the orange juice , my finger slipped slightly , tipping the glass off balance . it s like slowmo . the glass falls down and shatters , splattering the oh everywhere . the floor , the oven , the trajectory of it even launched it onto the counter . crap . well , let s find a napk  newline  newline i snap back to my confinement . it s like i ve been in another dimension almost . i was reliving yesterday , down to my emotions ! how even ! am i going insane ? now i m panicking crap . okay , let s focus on yesterday night . flipping the metaphorical pages is harder than it sounds , trust me . newline newline okay . last night . newline  newline i was about to go to bed . pajama pants , silky tank top , ambiance going , check check check . the bed looked wonderful.. i think i ll catapult into it . newline newline plop ! ding dong ! newline newline the heck ? that s not how this works . maybe my ear s just ringing . the covers are so cozy , of my gosh . i pulled them over . perfect ding dong ! dude , what is.. the doorbell ! rushing over to the door , i found that my friend is there , an unsettled expression plastered across her face . i swung open the door and hit my left toe , in the process cracking my nail . newline  oh god ! gahhhh ! come in ! geez ! ouch !  newline  no , you come to the car.. once you re foots okay .  newline  um . gahh ! teh ! uhh , okay ? whouch . ..why ?  newline  just come .  newline newline her face had been somber this entire time , something had to be wrong . she d usually be laughing at me and come grab some chips without an invitation needed . this was bad . newline newline sitting down , toe wrapped in a cold damp towel  i know nothing medically  , she said nothing and starts driving . it s almost solely silent . the noise cancellation of her car exaggerated it and never being one for awkward silences , i decided to speak up . newline newline  so . um . what s up ?  no response . newline  kaeile ?  still no answer . newline  you re creeping me out . what is going on .  newline newline after a long pause , i heard her open her mouth . i look over , but her mouth is nt open  weird . but then , another voice . soft spoken , african american . it did nt startle me , but my head jerked to the backseat anyways . a huge black dude in a suit meets my gaze . newline newline  do you know what you are ?  newline newline  excuse me ?  i caught a glance at kaeile , trying to determine if this is a safe situation . she keeps her gaze on the road . newline newline ahem  do you know who you are ?  newline newline  nno sir . i mean . i m a male . my name is jonathan . jonathan filler . but aside from that sure i do nt i suppose . maybe i do nt get the question .  newline newline  how do i say this.. it s all a lie . everything .  newline newline  what are you talking about . not tracking , sorry .  newline newline  she s not kaeile . her name is amanda pileon . she is a federal agent , trying to make it all seem like it s real life . looks like it worked .  newline newline  whatever  newline newline  and this whole city is agents . developing a weapon .  newline newline  oh yeah ? and what s that weapon .  newline newline  you .  newline newline  um . sure . okay . why should i believe this ?  i m looked to stall time . i needed out of this car . newline newline kaeili flipped out a wallet . inside it shown . she really is . her name is amanda . newline newline  what the f . what the f . let me out .  i just wanted to run . it was nt a lot to go off of , just her id and this big black dude , but it seems like so much . i just wanted out . it s like matrix or something . except not cool anymore . it s freaking petrifying . my palms were sweating , i was visibly shaking . i began to bang on the windows like a monkey in a zoo cage . i guess this is a lot like they must feel . i just want out . newline newline i felt a prick in my neck . this was too much . i ca nt do this . i need to get out . newline newline i opened the car door and straight run . stumbling out , followed directly my kaei amanda and big black guy . amanda grabbed my foot . i filled with rage suddenly , remembering all the times we had together . i was going to marry her i though . sure we were nt a thing yet . but we would be . should be . tumbling to the ground i nailed her with my fist . blood immediately splatters on my hand . i feel it . newline i began to feel like i could pass out at any time . a tranquilizer . they must have got me in the neck with a tranquilizer . well if i m going , wherever i m going , i want to go there with the image of triumph . i want to see the blood plastered on her , with her face twisted in pain . newline newline i turn . oh god . her face was twisted , but not in pain . she was bawling , crying , clinging to me to get you down .  i want out too  she says , her face splatter painted with my rage . i do nt know what to think . she is still pulling me down , still detaining me , but i feel , physically , emotionally , her compassion .  i m so sorry , jonathan . forgive me .  newline newline darkness . newline newline snap . newline newline back in the chair . newline newline it hits me . the weapon . this memory . this superhuman memory . this curse . i d never realized it before ! were they mulling me ? developing me ? allowing it to haunt me now that i m out of their confined lifecycle ? newline newline how will they use it ? what s gunna happen to me ? how am i doing this . so much unknown . so much doubt . i burst out in tears it feels ridiculous , crying while plastered to a chair . it feels hopeless . newline newline maybe it all is hopeless . i wish it d just end . newline newline i do nt want this . i want it gone . whatever comes after death , it has to be better . i do nt have any friends anyone . i do nt have anyone . anything . i know nothing , really . what s even real ? what newline newline the door opens abruptly . people pour in . another sharp neck pain . tranquilizer ? i m out .i do nt dream . newline in eighth grade , i told one of my friends that . he thought i was fucking with him . then , he thought there was something wrong with me . we did nt talk much after that . newline what i never explained to him , though , is what i do instead . newline newline i locked my door behind me on the way inside , and locked the rest of the world out . mom had asked me how my day was . i m pretty honest with questions . she did nt like my answer . newline i swear , i m not trying to be unlikable . i guess that s just my special talent . newline i banged the heel of my hand against my head . no , no , no .  i needed to stop disrespecting myself . that s one thing i really appreciated from counseling , back when we lived in the city . my therapist told me i needed to respect myself if i wanted respect from others . it s just hard , sometimes . newline she did nt cure the dreamless sleep i have  did nt fix the night terrors . she did , however , help realize the one thing i am good at . my special talent . newline i turned on the playstation . the fans whirred and buzzed to life . newline i turned on the television . it popped and fizzled , then faded into a calm blue . newline the sound of my air conditioner went away , floating down some distant hallway of my mind . newline the edges of the screen melted into my peripheral vision . there was no screen . newline the whirring faded . it stopped . newline the screen bled black . i saw nothing . newline newline fuck , i ca nt breathe !  newline i gasped for air , kicked , screamed , tearing my body from whatever black mass enveloped me . i took in deep , sucking breaths of stale fog . my chain mail rattled . my flesh sagged . newline i struggled to open my eyelids . they felt like they had nt been opened for years . newline i took a moment . breathed it all in .  ok , josh . where the hell are you ?  newline it took me a good five minutes to get used to the body . it was young , but somehow already decrepit , as if the muscles were rotted with atrophy . i had nt paid much attention to the opening , missed a lot of the lore .  jesus ,  i muttered , struggling to even lift my starter sword .  am i a fucking zombie ?  newline newline i was nt . not really . but i did nt know for sure until i had a point of reference . the shambling zombies i encountered , for starters . they were ... a lot faster than i had expected . newline  christ !  i yelped , wincing in pain . the dagger slash had taken a lot of blood  a hell of a lot more blood than seemed reasonable .  damn , kid . leave some for your boss !  newline suddenly , a sharp and unbearable pain struck me in the small of my back . i shrieked in pain .  what the ? !  i turned to face my attacker , struggled to shift myself in place , and in an instant i was overcome by a flurry of attacks from both sides . newline newline fuck , i ca nt breathe !  newline i lifted my face up from the dirt and pried my eyelids open all over again , staring straight ahead in disbelief . there lay my own corpse  above it , the floating viscera of my shattered soul , and all the souls of those i d slain up till that point . all one of them . newline i took two or three deep breaths .  you ve got to be shitting me .  newline newline  you want me to meditate ?  newline  not exactly ,  dr. baku corrected , smiling .  ok , yes , sortof .  she was a kind woman , but she liked to push my buttons . newline  that s gay ,  i scoffed . newline  you know , for someone who complains about getting called gay by his peers ,  she blinked ,  you call things gay a lot .  newline  you say a lot of gay things ,  i reiterated . newline  you like video games . i just want you to do what you like .  newline  no , you want me to do all this extra shit ,  i lamented .  breathing exercises , focus tricks . mneumonics ?  i strained on the unfamiliar word , trying to say it like she had . newline  i just want you to commit to something , joshua . you ca nt keep trying something and then giving up every time it gets hard .  newline  and you think playing video games is going to fix me ?  i asked . newline she shifted in her chair and thought for a moment .  i think you need to focus on one thing at a time . all i m asking is that you put everything away , your worries , your memories , your reality . sink into what one conflict at a time , but do nt back away until it s resolved .  newline newline god damn , i can not breathe !  newline was this the fourth time , or the fifth ? shit , i d lost count . each time i was reborn , so too were all the walking dead i d slain , except this time , i did nt get to keep any of my progress . if i wanted to keep what i d learned , i d have to slog all the way back through mere dozens of broken horrors , just to reclaim what was rightfully mine . newline  baku , you fucking whore ,  i groaned .  this was nt the deal .  newline newline  you ve been cheating ,  dr. baku scolded gently . newline  save scumming is nt cheating ,  i corrected her . newline  it s got scum ,  right in the name , josh ,  she remarked coldly .  the real world is nt so forgiving .  newline  why the hell are you trying to teach me about the real world with video games , huh ?  i barked . i did nt like her . i mean , i did . she taught me how to dive in . how to put everything else away . it was fun  i liked it . i just did nt like having to do it her way . newline  because the real world is not going to change for you , josh ,  she responded , narrowing her eyes .  it does nt get easier . it does nt get nicer . it s there whether you play the game or not , and if you want to survive ... if you want to win ,  you are going to get used to picking your ass up and trying until you succeed .  newline newline  oh yeah ,  i laughed to myself . through the stone archway , down a cobbled staircase , and in the center of a great circle , was an enormous armored man . i turned and shouted to my invisible fans .  nothing suspicious here !  newline i lumbered on down the stairwell , muttering some .  not so much as a damn checkpoint ... fucking tonberryass enemies , and you !  i continued , shouting at the centerpiece asshole .  king cliche ! you can attack me now ! i know you re the first boss !  newline the figure remained stationary , hunched over , as if paralyzed . newline i blinked , and took a step forward .  what the hell triggers this ?  nothing . i took another step . still nothing . i leered at the man .  is this a damn jumpscare or what ?  newline just then , he noticed the sword . he had nt seen it before , a twisted metal blade piercing the man s body .  ohhh ...  he exhaled in awe .  king arthur is the stone . okay . i ll bite .  he gripped the hilt with both hands .  just so you know ,  he said to the armored figure , grunting ,  i m pretty tough shit around here , so do nt bother springing to attack the moment i pull this out , because i m likely to kick your   newline about that time , the sword slid loose , and i went flying backwards onto my ass . the armored figure lifted up , a great iron spear in his hand , and pointed it towards me . newline  go ahead ,  i challenged him , wiping the dirt from my face .  kill me . it s not like i have nt died a thousand times already , today .  newline newline baku grabbed a new blue case and guestured it towards me . i rolled my eyes .  i do nt like that fantasy shit . give me a racing game .  newline  you ll like this one .  newline i twisted my head around , then looked her way .  what s it called ?  newline newline dodge . slash . dodgedodge . slash . run , run , run , run . heal . two left . newline slash , dodge . slash . slash .  ugh !  i coughed , sputtering blood . fuck . i got cocky .  newline dodge , dodge , dodge , dodge , slash , slash , slash , slash ! newline the towering guardian reeled from the strike , staggering backwards .  tried to warn you , motherfucker !  i roared , beating my sword against my sheild .  i run this sh   newline a sickening  splurt  filled the air as the inky black tendrils exploded from the knight s back , reeling outwards until they had formed an enormous bladed fist , bigger than the man himself . newline  shhhhhit fuck goddamn what the hell is tha   newline slam .  newline newline  this one is called dark souls ,   dr. baku said with a grin .  i think it s just the challenge you need . i can not tell a lie . i did not like these bags . they were paper . they were not plastic . they were not how bags should be . you see paper bags are made from trees and trees must never be cut down . when i was child i chopped down a cherry tree . but i would not tell my father any lies . so he beat me good and he made train tracks on my ass . he said the lesson was that i shall not steal but i knew that was a lie . he was the authority , that  s just what he  d want me to believe . i knew better . i would not be tricked . from that day until this one today i have never chopped a tree , less my father smack me and i not be able to sit down for some several weeks . newline ok dave , we really need to talk ,  she said . newline newline he sighed .  let s have some tea . i ll put the kettle on .  newline newline she threw her hands up ,  no , dave ! this is the problem ! we really , really need to talk about your crippling tea addiction . i m serious .  newline newline he turned his back so she would nt see the angry face he made . he started to fill the kettle .  what addiction ,  he said , his back still to her ,  it s teatime .  newline newline  dave ,  she said , almost pleading ,  you say that no matter what time of day it is . morning , noon , 4pm , or midnight , it s always teatime for you .  newline newline  i do nt see what the problem is .  he set the kettle on the stove and turned it on . newline newline  and thats the problem !  she ran her hands over her face .  how many tea cozies do you have ?  newline newline he straightened , puffed his chest out in what was seemingly an unconscious gesture .  enough .  newline newline she looked over her glasses at him . newline newline  i do nt know .  newline newline she continued looking . newline newline  fortyeight .  newline newline  fortyeight freakin  tea cozies ,  dave . does that sound normal to you ? do you think most people even know what a tea cozy is ?  newline newline  i like the variety .  his lips pursed , just a little . newline newline maybe a shred of doubt , she thought . might as well press it .  how many sets  full sets  of teacups do you have ?  newline newline  well , i ...  newline newline  too damn many to use all by yourself , i ll bet . twenty ?  no reply .  much more than that ?  still no reply .  loads more , ok. dave , i m not trying to attack you  this is a serious problem you need to deal with .  newline newline steam starting shooting from the kettle . newline newline his breathing was coming quickly .  let s just , ok , say for , like , a minute ,  that there s something to this argument , which there is nt ! but if there was , well ... maybe we could talk about it ... over a cup ?  newline newline she shook her head slightly .  that sounds like the wrong thing to do , but if we can talk  really talk  ok. darjeeling , please .  it s your responsibility now .  the man told me while handing me this metallic bracelet . newline newline he left before i could say anything . i did nt know what exactly what it was , but it was quite stylish . i put it on my wrist when the bus pulled up . i felt a slight prick in my wrist when i walked on the bus . it was probably nerve pain or something . i sat next to an old asian lady with a visor on and big gulp in her lap . she appeared to be dosing off so i just put my headphones on and sat quietly . other than her , there was blonde 20 something who was admittedly kinda cute and this burly mid 40 year old who looked like he was on his way to the gym . after a while i noticed the bus stopped moving . the asian lady was deep into sleep now . i took my headphones off and walked to the front of the bus . the driver sat still as a statue , not even responding to me asking why the bus stopped . i looked around , only 4 people were on the bus including me . i started yelling and grabbing the driver . i noticed blood protruding from his head . i looked toward the back of the bus . only the asian lady remained on the bus . what happened to the other 2 ? i took my phone out to dial 911 . when it was kicked out of my hand . the blonde 20 something was now wearing all black and had sunglasses on . she grabbed my arm and twisted it . i yelped in pain , she asked me to take off the metal bracelet . i said i would  i tried my hardest to take it off . but despite all the effort in the world , it was stuck . she let my arm go and went to go talk to the burly mid 40 year old , now dressed in a matrix coat . they went back and forth for a bit until the blonde walked back to me . i noticed the asian lady was still passed out , the big gulp now spilled all over the floor . newline newline the blonde asked me ,  look , what you have there on your wrist is something very valuable to us . i need to remove it and you can go .  newline newline  ok , but how can that happen . i ve tried my darnedest to take it off but it wo nt budge .  i responded . newline newline  i know , so we re going to cut your wrist off .  she said . newline newline suddenly , i heard a metal clank . i felt a rush of adrenaline i had never felt before . the metal bracelet started expanding . building an armor around me . after a minute the armor covered my body . i looked bad ass , admittedly . i also felt the urge to punch things , and it was a strong urge . i punched the blonde as she was pulling out a taser . the big burly 40 year old came running toward me . i jumped over him and punched him in his back . he flew toward the windshield and it cracked . the blonde got up and did a bruce lee karate kick towards me . i grabbed her leg and threw at her at the burly dude as he was getting up . they seemed passed out , and the armor collapsed into the bracelet . the asian lady woke up . she said something in a weird , broken english i could nt understand . i only understood one thing in that weird scramble of words  tri i  . she was right , tri i indeed .i wo nt bore you with the details of what all happened after the explosions , but i will tell you about the time me and a group decided it was time to go raiding for the holy grail of artifacts : a copy of the force awakens . newline newline the settlement was not far from a movie theater if you had a car . just about ten miles , yeah ? seemed easy enough . one of our friends was able to hook up a generator and get power from some solar panels , and we had a projector , so there was that . besides , we were all really bored . the settlement would be fine . newline newline that was what we concluded from inside he bar some things never change in small towns . then we stepped outside into the december cold . we hurried over towards the big old house where we were staying and grabbed the supplies . newline newline the people that volunteered to go were a measly bunch . there was me , chris , the town librarianscribe . i kept records of everything that went on and had a pretty good shot as far as rifles went and was comfortable wielding a sword . there was peter , our school s star quarterback and star wars nerd . he was in it for muscle and to see if jar jar was actually a sith lord . claire , my younger sister , tagged along so that we would nt get into trouble . she also was sick of making soap and counting iodine bottles . there was my best friend , colten , he was a tech savvy guy , the one that hooked up power . then , there was roxanne , my girlfriend . she had a truck that we decided to use in case we found anymore supples we would need . she s also really handy with an axe god i love that girl . anyways , we five decided it was time to head into the wasteland . newline newline we stepped out of the safety of the carlined wall that was being reinforced with clay from all around , white snow glistened on top of the metallic cars .  april is the cruelest month ,  i say . newline newline  april ? it s not even christmas ! and besides , it s not that bad . considering this is alabama we re talking about . did everyone bring the iodine ?  my little sister was always very blunt and realistic , whereas i was imaginative and practical . newline newline  yeah whatever . roxy , where s the truck ?  newline newline  over yonder in the shed . come on , i wan na see if we can get there by nightfall .  she had a slight dixie accent when she started to talk , probably from being raised by her dad and brothers in the foothills . we all made our way and climbed into the cab after throwing our stuff in the back . we then made out way there . newline newline nothing much happened on the way over there other than talking about speculations . by the time we got to the theater , we were met with a shocking site : a large camp was in front of the movie theater , and a banner was there displaying a poorly clothed anime character . dear god , the camping neckbeards had made this there settlement . we drove up and stepped out of the cab , clutching our weapons . newline newline we carefully approached the wooly creatures . most of them looked like starter chewbaccas . peter was mortified by the smell . i approached the one who seemed like the leader , he wielded a limited edition darth maul lightsaber and an indiana jones fedora . newline newline  tell me , are you part of the pc master race or a filthy console peasant ?  the master of zits sat upon his throne of plastic swords , clutching onto his body pillow . i wondered if i was actually in a really bad mad max movie . newline newline  uh ... praise gaben ?  i said .  look , we came to see if we could get the force awakens ...  newline newline sir zitsalot perked up .  oh , so you want to see it , eh ? we have a problem . we were going to torrent the flash drive , but we ca nt get the computers to operate ...  blah blah blah . i motioned to colten to go fix whatever needed to be fixed . claire had slipped into a hazmat suit as she handed out some doritos . after a bit , colten returned with a flash drive .  we got it !  newline newline the king and his neckbeards knights nodded .  it was a pleasure doing business with you . may the goddess rei guide you in your travels .  ccould they not do this whole ... okay . we headed back to the settlement , awaiting with baited breath . it was december 25 . we plugged in the flash drive and were greeted with ... c3po and r2d2 wearing santa hats . the neckbeards had tricked us ! ! ! ! newline newlineanother day , another sixteen hours of agony , a phantom itch that could not be scratched . like an amputee , i suffered through a pain that could not be seen . my frustration only grew as my muscle memory refused to evaporate . i needed a shower , but the thought of the sterile , white subway tile reminded me of a hospital . some deodorant would have to do . i brushed the white residue that had collected in the cap off of my shirt but could not bring myself to sit back down . a reflexive glance at my computer screen was impossible to avoid , but it brought back the same twinge of selfloathing that had become the norm for me . a motivational desktop image , feeding me some tripe about my own willpower . i snorted at the ease with which i lied to myself . i knew that opening my web browser would do no good , either . in a fit of busybodied procrastination , i  d filled my bookmarks with resume builders , craigslist ads , advice columns , selfhelp articles . the cluttered bookmark section contrasted a sparse taskbar , about which i had forbidden myself from thinking . i threw on the cleanest shirt in the hamper and stepped out of my apartment . newline newline blinding light . heat . and those kids wouldn  t shut up . if not for my restlessness , i scarcely would have found myself outside at all , let alone at this elementary school playground . i  d long since gotten over any awkwardness i might have felt . i used to get accusing glares from the parents , but i devised a solution . i noticed that when i was at the playground with my nephew , smiling and talking to him , with us at ease and calling each other by name , i blended right in . i couldn  t do that now , but as long as i brought along a magazine , or maybe a cell phone , and worriedly glanced around the park every now and then , the others were none the wiser . of course , this meant i had to pay some attention to the children playing . when i was once pulled aside by a passing officer , i wanted to laugh in his face at the insinuation that i might give some of the parents the wrong impression , that i might have something on my mind . don  t get me wrong , i tried to say , i would be the worst rapist on earth . see that one there ? she keeps falling off the same part of the jungle gym , and every time , she calls to mom and dad like it  s some tragedy , some breaking news . the whole lot of them : selfish , stupid , and boring . they  re too shortsighted to learn from their mistakes , to maybe skip the jungle gym this time . and that one ? he  s some kind of sociopath . he may be burning ants now , but then he graduates to killing pets , and thenwell , then we  ll see who the rapist is ! newline newline but instead , i said yes , sir and left . my niece walked home a few hours later . newline newline i was no masochist  i sat through the domestic carnival for a purpose . i was there for the swings . when i was alone and the park was sufficiently empty , i knew it was time . i even had my own technique . i would sit down , motionless and breathing deeply , as if i were merely an exhausted jogger , with nowhere else to rest . indiscernibly , i would begin to flex my diaphragm , nod my head , stretch my toes . there  s a passage in the telltale heart where the narrator is entering the bed room of his victim , and he stands all but motionless , moving his hand at the speed of the clock  s hour hand . but there is movement , and there is being moved , and i was the latter . the swinging started organically , by the gentle encouragement of the wind and the yawning of tectonic plates . as my speed increased , i was reclined , and i took in the swinging canopy and sky beyond it . soon , i would grow nauseous , but i embraced it . this was the feeling i was searching for . that weakness , on the breaking point of comfort and despair , when i could feel the pain of my existence yet fool myself into thinking it  s all in my head . newline wait , earth is hell ? but i thought we go to hell when we die on earth ?  the angel replied with  no , earth itself is nt hell . hell just happens to be very similar to the worst aspects of life on earth . i mean think about the past year  there was a racist tangerine that got elected president , killer clowns were a thing for a while , rick and morty season 3 was delayed , are you starting to see a pattern here ?   but why am i being set free now , its only been a year since things went crazy .  the angel replied :  are you serious ! ? you survived here for an entire year , do nt you think the entirety of 2016 was bad enough ! just be glad it ll be over by midnight . by the way happy new year . the wind blew violently through the tiny street , shaking the old , rustedout light pole , making the light swerve and cast ominous shadows on the ground . newline newline the only house with lights still on in the secondfloor bedroom window stood in between two desolatelooking trees , on the north end of the road . inside , the only occupant was still awake , still typing away furiously on his computer , occasionally giggling . newline newline the user know as sergeantfgt69 has been at his computer for hours , trying to come up with a good writing prompt . finally , he opened up a new window and typed in :   a book is the ruler of the world and you have to destroy it .   giggling like a madman , his finger hit enter , submitting the prompt online . newline newline almost instantly he began to refresh the webpage . at first , nothing changed , but then , gradually , the points board to the right of the page began to change , from  1 point , 100  upvoted  to  2 points , 90  upvoted  to  1 point , 50  upvoted  , going as extreme as  1 point , 2  upvoted . he laughed . newline newline  yes ! i am the ultimate troll ! they do nt even know who i am ... they ll never stop me !  newline newline boom .  newline newline the roof of the house blew inward , shattered wood and pieces of metal pipes flying everywhere . standing at the centre of the destruction was a great black dragon , its scales as black as ... well , the night , and the figure sitting on its back no less intimidating , in his heavy black overcoat , black pants and a black helmet perched on his head . newline newline  who ... who are ...  the man could nt even speak . newline newline  greetings , sean , or i should call you , sergeantfgt69 .  newline newline  and how do you ...  newline newline the man cut him off .  do nt poison my mind with your stupid cliches !  he pulled a pistol form underneath his coat , and fire once . the sonic boom was snatched away by the wind before it even transmitted a few metres . the man named sean cried out and fell backwards , a bullet hold in his leg . newline newline  well , that did nt work out quite well . d9 , finish him off , please .  newline newline the dragon seemed to smirk before lunging forward , taking the man into its mouth whole . the guy did nt even get to scream before being eviscerated into dragon chow . newline newline utheactualguy turned around and checked his wrist computer as a bright red notification popped up . he clicked it , and sighed . newline newline  i m sorry , udinosauralienspirits . i must thank you for the opportunity , but ... i can not allow anyone else to follow in my footsteps . i do nt want competition .  he sighed again .  there i go , monologing again . i really need to stop with these crappy cliches ... let s go , d9 .  newline newline the black dragon took to the air , but not before making another pass back and letting loose a blast of fire , burning the house to nothing more than cinder . utheactualguy sighed . newline newline  always with the theatrics , d. next time you do that , no cuddling for you , got it ?  newline newline the dragon seemed to chuckle as the duo flew off into the cold , black night . newline newline       newline newline sorry for taking potshots at you , op : d just figured it would be fun . also , apologize to anyone whose user name is  sergeantfgt69  . mike , can you get me a glass of water please ?  i said , my head feeling as if it was about to burst was what had woken me up . after there was no response , i tried again :  mike ?  nothing . i attempted to get up , bracing my forearms against the bunk . weird , i thought , this does nt feel like a mattress . it was nt . i looked around and saw that i was in a cave , the feeble light of an autumn morning shining through its entrance .  mike !  i yelled ,  where the hell am i ?  still no response . if this is a prank of some kind i swear i ll kill him . man , how much did i drink anyway ? how did i get in a cave ?  newline newline i pulled out my iphone and saw that there was no signal . i made my way to the light , hoping to get reception , but to no avail . only then i noticed the vivid paintings that littered the walls of the cave , depicting men hunting various animals . the cave showed another sign of human habitation : a fire pit with stillsmoldering charred wood sat near the entrance . my amazement at that was shortlived , however , as it was thoroughly eclipsed by an honesttogod neanderthal emerging from the trees . newline newline there was no mistaking it for anything else . i was somehow in the presence of an early human , it its home . i m a skinny , weak guy . this neanderthal was not . when it lunged at me with a club , i had no chance . i came to shirtless in my bed .  hey mike ,  i called . newline newline  yeah ?  newline newline thank goodness  what happened man ?  newline newline  well , last night you went a bit overboard , but you ve been out cold since .  newline newline  oh ok , it s just i had a really weird dream ,  i said as i opened the news on my phone . first headline :  incredibly wellpreserved neanderthal found wearing hawaiian shirt , suspected a prank  .i ve always had a knack . not for brains , nor for sports in particular . just a knack . i first noticed it when i was about 9 , my friend told me about this cool toy he d heard about . i always remember this moment as when it began , you d think i d be able to remember that darn toy , but no . i knew i would remember it then either , so i decided to write it down . i had my bag with me , as always , and i knew i had nt brought a pen , but i reached in anyway and pulled one out . newline newline it was nt until a couple minutes later until i realized why something did nt feel right . that was my dad s work pen , the one he always keeps in his locked study . if dad found out i took it , he d be pissed . i raced home hoping to put it back before he found out , i looked in his office , but there it was , right were it always was . i looked in my bag . no pen . newline newline i started to notice some odd things after that . every now and then i d catch a glimpse of a soft greenbluepurple mist floating by . at 12 , i reached in my pocket and found the key to my bike lock i had left on my dresser . at 13 , i made at 15 , my ex s new boyfriend tripped on a crack that was nt even there , spilling ink over his favorite shirt . at 17 , i ca nt tell you how many times i found a  20 in my wallet when i knew i was broke . every time , that mist seeped in from nowhere and filled the room . newline newline i learned that i could manipulate this mist , make do things . i could surround people with the green to give them luck , or cast a thing in blue and it would appear . i could throw red in someone s eyes to know their soul . i took to keeping ear buds in my head all the time , so i could disguise my mist weaving as conducting whatever band i might wish . i made poor men rich , made rich men fail , i m sure i probably led to at least one death over the years . newline newline i never realized how much that would come back to bite me in the end . newline newline but i ve always had a knack . a knack for magic .i carefully move forward and the mage does the same , we both stop when we are twenty pace apart . he is looking straight into my eyes . he looks majestic . the eyes stern , the face powerful , the proud mustache , the large , muscular body . his long grey curls seem to move in the hall draft . where he stands it is light , and all around him is darkness . how could i have thought i was able become a wizard ? look at him . he is of a different kind than i am . newline newline you are no mage  newline newline the words strike like lightning . newline newline i am a mage !  , i shout back at him . newline newline i focus my energy on the wand i m holding in my hands , but my arms feel utterly weak . bats appear around the mage . a purple light is starting to emanate from his large , raised hand . i feel shock as i notice the purple light . but then i ca nt remember the name of the spell that goes with it . newline newline you re too young , my friend , too young  . newline newline the figure in front of me grows even larger . the bats are picking at me . the purple light flows from his hand to my chest . i black out . newline newline when i open my eyes , i see the dark ceiling of the hall . soon after , a man walks in , he is not a wizard , and he normally should nt be here . he is dressed in rugged mountaineering clothes , and is covered with snow . he sees me and shouts something to someone behind him , then he approaches . newline newline i m so glad you re alive !  newline newline of course i m alive . who are you , and how did you get here ?  newline newline i have some really bad news , sir . something terrible has happened .  newline newline do nt waste my time , speak up  . newline newline we traveled to this place because of a distress call . we came to late . you re the only survivor  .his chambers were only about twice his size , but king mavros xiv still wanted to pace within them . newline newline there was little danger of an attack from the side of the castle  a powerful tower stood there to ward off attacks . it was the front that worried him greatly . the enemy had been massing nearby for some time  a scout had even been sighted within two kilometres . they appeared to be casting yearning glances toward him and his three personal guards , and the great tower to his side . newline newline phairon , one of the guards , appeared to share his suspicions in his onetrack minded way .  i do nt like this . it s making me nervous . you ought to call in some of your other troops to defend .  newline newline  i told you , they re off on an important mission that , if i calculated right , should decimate the enemy .  newline newline  a mission on the other side of the world , where they can hardly help us .  newline newline gaxos was the quiet one of the guards , but now he spoke , in brief and hushed phrases .  they ve got everything lined up . it may look like they re just idling from here . but i know my battles . i know a prepared battle formation when i see it .  newline newline mavros fleetingly thought to slap the guard for insolence , but chose to accept the wisdom instead .  you mean ...  newline newline a nod .  they re coming here . soon .  newline newline the king was convinced .  i ll see if i can spare a warlock , or maybe the two of them  newline newline  we lost the one pretty soon after the battle started , sire .  this was from chourai , the third guard . newline newline  indeed . and he took an enemy knight down with him , did nt he ?  mavros chuckled as he wrote down the orders for help at the stronghold , and sent them away .  forces are even on both sides  i think  newline newline  enemy approaches !  said phairon . mavros squinted out over the battlements  an enemy warlock approached quickly . the white of his robe disgusted the king . newline newline  wait ... chourai ! look out !  newline newline the third guard had time to raise his sword , but a powerful bolt of energy came through and knocked him to the ground . newline newline  no ,  breathed the king .  not ...  newline newline the warlock stood before him , and to his left .  it seems you re in danger , your majesty ,  he said in a voice that sounded like shattered teeth falling from a skull . newline newline  not for long . i think you ll find i m a capable warrior myself .  mavros drew his dagger and put it through the warlock s heart . but in doing so , he found himself at the gates of the fortress . how far had the battle taken him ? newline newline the old man fell to his knees , blood dripping from his mouth . king mavros took the staff from him , and  not knowing how to use it  snapped it in half . newline newline now here was an enemy knight , galloping across the plains beside the fortress where the king s armies carried out his assigned task . the knight had some further jaunty words for mavros . newline newline he shouted back into the stronghold .  gaxos ! phairon !  newline newline  yes , my liege ,  the two said , slightly out of sync . newline newline  i can not return . i see that if i do , the enemy will gather and overrun us in the tight space . i must go out , out into the world .  newline newline  as you wish , my liege .  newline newline  we shall hold the fort here .  newline newline king mavros surveyed the world before him . he could not reenter the castle , and he also could not take the side road  the enemy knight was ready to spring an ambush there . that left him but one choice : the full and open plains . newline newline the destruction of his fortress made one thought occur to him . chourai s death was not in vain , for in killing that warlock , i have made our army the more powerful . if i can survive this excursion , i will win .  newline newline to be continued  but only if you people repeatedly remind me to  newlinemark had two seconds . newline newline that was time allotted to him by the united states government to teleport into putin s palace , shoot the man twice in the chest and once in the head , then teleport back to langley . newline newline he had practiced it over and over . two in the chest , one in the head . newline newline mark gave a nod to the technician . the man nodded and held out five fingers , dropping them one at a time . mark pulled his pistol from his holster and cocked it , aiming up and ahead of him . newline newline he did nt look at the technician s fingers . he counted along in his head . three . two . one .  newline newline instantly , he was standing in another room . two seconds . newline newline one .  newline newline he did nt see putin , not where the man was supposed to be . he turned and aimed behind him . though it was nt putin , another man stood there , holding a hand grenade and smiling wide . newline newline  oh ,  mark started to say as the man charged and grabbed onto mark s collar , opening the pin of the grenade . newline newline two . newline newline mark was again in langley , standing directly in the headquarters of the teleportation quarter . with him was an angry russian with a live hand grenade . the technicians screamed and mark shot the man twice in the chest , once in the head , but it would nt matter . the damage was done . newline newline the grenade rolled backwards toward the computers . newline newline  shit .  he finished . newline newline this is major keosten reynolds to base , over .  the voice rang over the intercom . newline newline  we seem to be having a slight problem , do you read me ?  keosten s urgency bled through his voice . no response . newline newline  we re moving out of orbit . quite rapidly , in fact . do you read me ?  static newline newline  nothing . they paid these guys in houston good money to work for nasa , and all the money in the would does nt let these lazy asses respond ...  keosten s musings over the intercom were interrupted by the techy in the back . newline newline  do you even see this ?  awe wept through the engineer s voice . newline newline  what ?  newline newline  come back here and see .  newline newline  this better not be one of your stupid trinkets again ...  he secretly hoped it was , because he d not witnessed something able to impress cody yet other than the little inventions and code snippets that filled up the poor sap s free time . he s never going to get a girl with his hobbies ...  keosten shrugged and crawled through to the back . newline newline  oh my god . oh . my . god .  keosten watched as everything on the earth was simultaneously launched out into space . a cloud of expanding buildings , people , cars , lights , anything exposed to the surface flew out into the void . a large rock that could have been mount everest was visible flying in the general direction of the sun . newline newline cody taunted ,  any idea what caused it ?  newline newline keosten thought for a minute , but he was paid to be a figurehead for the expedition to the iss , not the brains .  what ?  newline newline cody laughed .  someone broke a law .  newline newline  what ?  newline newline  someone broke a law . it s not a legal law like drive under the speed limit  or something stupid like that . someone broke a law of nature .  newline newline  but how did that cause this ?  newline newline  breaking a law of nature does nt mean you get to pay a fine or go to jail for a few years . it s just broken , until it gets fixed like an it guy fixing your computer . in particular , the law of gravity was broken so all gravity now goes out the window . and that ll affect us in about 2 minutes .  newline newline  is nt it already affecting us ? we re flying into space !  newline newline  we wo nt be for much longer . you see , gravity keeps everything on earth . we shut off gravity , nothing stays on earth . right ?  newline newline  that does nt answer my  newline newline  let me explain , please . gravity also keeps planets and stars together . they re all spinning pretty fast , and when you get rid of gravity like that ... nothing stays together .  newline newline  why 2 minutes , then ?  newline newline  the sun exploded 6 minutes ago and the radiation from the explosion is thus about 2 minutes away .  newline newline  oh .  newline newline  yup . say your prayers .  the third right engine has just given out . on behalf on crown meadows sky lines , i apologize that we will have to make an emergency crash landing . passengers please brace yourselves .  the pilot spit out over the intercom as his voice cracked . newline newline newline fuck  lonnie thought as he peered over to his left past the two other strangers in his row outside the window . the clouds below were rapidly approaching faster . the entire cabin was in total chaos with children crying , adults arguing , and a senile couple who appeared to think it was a joke as they smiled and carried on their conversation . newline newline lonnie s breathing became faster and faster as gripped the arm bars to his seat . he had stashed a mini parachute he purchased online as a precaution in the overhead containers . he looked over to his right , a young family hugged each other as they faced their imminent demise . the father who seemed about late 30s actually started a small conversation with lonnie in the terminal prior to boarding . his wife and their five year old daughter were going to visit his parents for their anniversary . he had been excited since it had been a couple years since he had last seen them . newline newline lonnie closed his eyes and took a deep breath . he was going for the chute , put it on and head for the emergency exit door that was 2 rows ahead of him . he lunged out his seat and opened the container and took out his duffel bag that held his chute . he managed to get it on in the midst of confusion undetected . he began towards the door . newline newline  hey ! that asshole has a parachute !  a random voice screamed out as he went towards the door . the voice came from behind . the visiting husband ran towards him . lonnie shifted pass other passengers as he went to release the emergency hatch . he grabbed the red handle when his body suddenly pulled back . a hand grabbed his collar . newline newline  shit !  lonnie yelled out as he went down . a solid punch went into lonnie s nose as he laid on the ground . newline newline  motherfucker !  yelled the husband as he repeatedly punched lonnie in the face over and over again . blood covered lonnie s face as his ears started to ring . the punching stopped as loud scraping hit the under carriage of the plane . the crowd began to scream as the aircraft hit land . newline newline lonnie closed his eyes for the last time as the world went silent . just christmas ? aright ...  newline newline abel walked jolly and buoyant on the sidewalk , a hop in almost every step . he passes by the old regular houses and churches , which are the same as ever . no holiday spirit . only the same old people as any other day . people he passes look at him with a pity , or a discontented scowl . they know what will come of him . a van approaches .  we have the target , sir .  newline newline the former happy man is put to a halt as agents force him to the ground . one pulls his pistol out and delivers lead to his cranium . blood seeps through the cracks . as they clean the mess up , an agent notices . a dreidel , along with candles spilled out from his pocket .  ... fuck .  this , is what we got for that ? ? ! ! a hunk of stelolite for over 4000 years , 60 trillion light years of travel and over 40 generations , to get a hunk of god damn stelolite .  newline newline the metallic rock glowed blue from the light emitted from my suit . nothing special , just a rock on a planet of rocks , in a planetary system with more rocks . newline newline our stunned faces stared at the rock , intent insistent that it had to do something special . newline newline  this is what is supposed to be proof of god .  marksus said , skepticism prominent in his voice . newline newline  where did we go wrong ? swamp ? the code ? the giant crossword puzzles etched into the face of a planet ? where did we mess up ?  luithia asked , her brow scrunched up , sorting through all the clues , riddles and codes and trying to figure out where they went wrong . newline newline  what the fuck is this shit .  i screamed . throwing the little lump of metal into the ground . newline newline craeakk newline newline the rock hissed , and cracked , breaking apart to reveal an interior full of delicate wires and intricate machinery . a hologram slowly booted up , activated after thousands of years of inactivity . newline our eyes glued onto the rock , afraid , anxious , and excited all at once . the hologram appeared and ... newline newline : d newline lols you guys actually went and found it hahahahahahahaha newline wheatley newline newline  i ... think we just played into the most intricate prank anyone ever set up ...  this..this is it ? what ? i ca nt stay like this !  newline newline  relax don , you re fine .  newline newline  i . am not . fine . i ca nt keep my eyes open . these fucking bubbles keep going up my nose . my ears ... .god i can barely hear you !  newline newline  fuck don ! i wanted to keep you alive . we are all alone out here . it s been hundreds of years , and that s since we stopped counting . you got sick , fuck , don . how you can get sick . out here ? it s impossible !  newline newline  well it happened ! let me go , just let me go ! i ca nt stay like this , it s unbearable .  newline newline  don , i could burn you to to ash . i could feed you to the livestock . i could put you in the teleporter and send you to different parts of space piece by piece , and you would nt really die . that s our price to pay . if i let you get sick you would have fallen apart , melted . at least now you are still here , i can still talk to you .  newline newline  what . what are you talking about . i ca nt stay here , this wo nt work ... i m just a head in a jar !  newline newline  the fact that you re here , talking to me about it , means it worked .  newline newline edit : sick not suck whoooops . newlineyou know what they say , your organs are active even while you sleep . you just do nt know how active they can get . newline newline my experience dates back last november . i was hearing a lot of noise somewhere and i ignored it . ward beds felt cozier than my actual bed , plus i can freely adjust the slope of the back . there s cable tv too . all thanks to my dad s insurance , i got myself a pretty neat room . but the tv was off and there was no one but my sleeping older brother in the room , and really , he sleeps like a log . newline newline  this might be a lot to digest right now , but you re awake and we need to talk to you .  one of the voices spoke . newline newline i looked around , sure that i really was awake but unable to track the sound . my eyes closed suddenly .  this might help you relax .  another voice said . newline newline  relax ? relax ? why would she need to relax ? we lost a member here and that s from her neglect .  newline newline  we just kind of survived a fire , okay ?  newline newline  we would nt have been in the hospital if it were nt for !  newline newline  calm down , all of you . this is our first official meeting .  i was completely bewildered but i could nt open my eyes . i thought maybe the painkillers had done me in .  we are your organs , we need to speak to you in light of what happened .  newline newline  the ... fire ?  i thought .  ororgans ? my guts and stuff ?  newline newline  alright , alright , pleasantries aside now .  that was my stomach . i suddenly knew the voices . i was wide awake now , and i realized that my eyes had closed themselves . i was being spoken to by mostly my digestive system . and i knew why . newline newline  is everyone alright ?  i asked . that is probably the smartest thing i did in a while . i would nt need medical exams if my organs are ready to report on their own . newline newline  we re fine .  said my lungs .  we did nt take much smoke from last night .  newline newline  the stitches stayed close , by the way .  certain nerves said . newline newline  as the head of the digestive system , it is i who called for this meeting .  my stomach said firmly .  under your decisions , we ve suffered greatly , but never this great .  newline newline  take it easy .  my appendix said .  she s had to walk down four flights of stairs because the hospital from last night had no ramps , and that was five or so hours after we lost gallbladder .  newline newline the mention of that organ put us all in silence . newline newline hours after my laparoscopy yesterday , something in the fabric department of the hospital caught fire . it spread quickly , and the almost two hundred patients were evacuated to the sister hospitals , even though some were considerably far . i was wearing a unique hat , so my doctor spotted me and had me transferred to a hospital only a block away . that was after i was forced to take the stairs . i was in a daze by the time i was transferred . newline newline  all of us had a hard time .  one kidney spoke . i could testify to that . it was only hours after surgery so i needed to drain fluids . newline newline  i think this is a powerful experience you need to learn from .  stomach scolded .  you who were once proud of being the only one in your family to never have been hospitalized had a minor surgery , and a fire to boot . both you would nt have experienced if you did nt binge .  newline newline  i m sorry . i could nt help it .  newline newline  to be fair , we know you could nt . it was exams and you were stressed out , makes food pretty awesome .  tongue said , as if the whole binge eating thing was a recent development . newline newline  it ll be hard for me and for the rest of us digestive system if you did nt have a serious change of lifestyle .  stomach pointed out .  you slip into that habit of eating away your problems again and one by one , we ll all be eliminated . and it started with gallbladder .  newline newline perhaps my organs having a voice was my punishment . perhaps i inhaled smoke with certain chemicals . i do nt really know . one thing is for sure is that it s my body , and whether directly or indirectly , i must have done this to myself . newlinehe fell into one of my dastardly traps , again . it was simple , really . large , hungry sharks swimming in a pool of water beneath him . explosive charges set throughout the compound . he dangled for dear life by a single chain clamped down on his wrist , a chain that i could lower down at my leisure . newline newline but even as he faced certain death , the spy still managed to flash one of his confident smiles . i am a genius . i have an iq that s impossible to gauge . i have thirtyseven bank accounts under twentythree false names and shell companies , and i can recall from memory all of their account numbers . i have amassed fortunes larger than the gdps of most first world nations , and yet only a handful of people have even heard of my name . all of this , and i still could not figure out whether the spy was either really brave or really stupid to smile at a time like this . newline newline he glanced down at the sharks below , not a care in the world .  so , we meet again ,  he calmly remarked , swinging along with the breeze . newline newline  yes , for the last time i m afraid ,  i replied , and the white cat cradling in my arm purred in agreement . newline newline he winked at me , grinning .  oh , i would nt count on that ,  the spy retorted . newline newline  if you could actually count , you might not have fallen into your current predicament .  newline newline the spy furrowed his brows , then chuckled .  oh , so that s why the doors were numbered .  newline newline  it does not matter .  i waved my multipleringed hand in the air .  soon , you will be dead .  newline newline  oh , will i ?  he snidely asked . newline newline  yes , yes you will ,  i sharply shot back .  and with you dead , i will be finally able to complete my master plan .  i let out a laugh then , a well practiced , menacing cackle , and the cat hissed along with me .  you see , my poor , trapped friend , you were the last piece of my puzzle . without your knowledge of the inner workings of the cia underground bunker , my plan really had no conceivable success rate . but now , thanks to the diagram you so conveniently provided to my assistant , you have just doomed the very nation you swore to protect .  newline newline  in my defense , your assistant was very persuasive ,  the spy recalled , his eyes twinkling with memory . newline newline  well , i hope it was worth it . for now , now the world will finally burn to the ground before my eyes . with the nuclear emps at my disposable , the world leaders will have no other choice but to give into my demands .  newline newline and right about then , on cue , i saw a flash of bright metal from underneath the cuff of the spy s suit . it was brief , a blinkandyoullmissit moment , but i am no ordinary man . however , as if i had never even noticed it , i continued .  my demands will be relatively simple , of course . a sizable plot of land , my own personal army , and vast amounts of money . very vast amounts . i m sure it ll affect the world s economy , but in the end everything will bounce right back . and if it does nt , well as they say , it s not my problem .  newline newline there was that flash , again . small , slender . the spy s face was unreadable , trained always on me , never once looking up , but his charade did nt fool me . it must have been a collapsible pick hidden under his cuff button . slowly , as i continued to talk , he was picking his own lock . newline newline i decided to throw in a little suspense , just for old time s sake .  too bad you wo nt be living long enough to see my new world ,  i said , sarcastically shaking my head .  you would have loved it ... though on second thought , maybe not .  i shrugged and pressed the button . the chain began to slowly lower the spy closer to the shark pit .  tell me ,  i said , leaning in close to watch ,  is your life flashing before your eyes now ? are you seeing all the things you ve done that you regret , all of the faces of those you killed in the name of good ? does your conscious bother you at all ? are you ready to face judgment ?  newline newline and then , unexpectedly , his finger slipped , and the lock fell . and for a second , only a second , i saw something i never saw before : his perfect composure cracked . just a little , mind you , but enough . newline newline i felt my own heartbeat quicken , but i carried on my speech .  it is a lonely life , the one you lived . perhaps i am doing you a favor . trust me , the people you work for , they would have sucked every last drop of you out , and when you re dead they will move on to the next fresh , brighteyed recruit . it s what they do . i m glad i left the agency before they could get their filthy hands on me .  newline newline his feet was mere feet away from the surface of the water . the sharks began to swim in predatory circles . now i was beginning to get really worried . i paced back and forth on the balcony , hiding my hands in my pockets so that he would nt see them nervously shake .  if only you had followed my footsteps . we could have been partners , you and i . we could have been the best of friends .  newline newline  i would have never been a friend of yours ,  he replied defiantly , his voice boyish but brave . newline newline i gripped the railing tightly , my eyes fearfully watching him . should i press the button and make it stop ? should i ?  alas , such a waste ,  i said as flippantly as i could . he had only mere seconds . i swallowed my fear .  farewell .  i held my breath . newline newline  yeah , and up yours .  and with that , as his toes touched the water , he broke his own wrist and slipped free from the chain . i let out a sigh of relief . he climbed quickly up just as a shark lunged for him , his leg barely missing the jaws . with a heroic swing he landed on the rafters opposite of me . we faced each other then , our eyes level , and for a long period of silence we share an open , honest moment together , he and i . newline newline  the building is rigged to blow ,  i reminded him . newline newline  i know . i changed the frequency of the receiver so that only i could blow it up ,  he said , holding up a radio with his good hand .  you lose again .  newline newline  curse you ,  i replied . he flashed me one last smile , and then he jumped out the window . he ll give me fifteen seconds , top , more than enough time for me to slide down my emergency chute and escape to safety . but for just a moment , i looked out the window and watched him run away into the wilderness , beyond my gaze .  you have nt seen the last of me !  i yelled out after him , then quickly made my way to the chute . and as i wrapped my arms tightly around my cat and opened the hatch , i was already beginning to devise another master plan , another stage and play for us to dance on . one more sinister plot , one more devious twist , one more dangerous trap , all for the spy . my spy . newline newlineno , seriously ? newline newline there were people breaking in right now ? newline newline sweet , time for an impromptu field test . i m practically done with the preliminary installation anyhow . newline newline locating entrance portal and associated device ... newline newline done . right , portal frequency and phase shift next . come on , aperture portal redecalibrator , you were nt cheap ... newline newline come on ... newline newline shit , are they on the third floor already ? newline newline ... done ! hell yes ! newline newline now , what to do , what to do ... newline newline ha . hahaha . newline newline that ll do . let s send them on a little holiday . newline newline and that was how , next morning at twentytwo past eleven , two sewer maintenance workers found three unconscious miscreants in the deepest , dankest , most rancid part of the sewer network . no one ever told me it was the eyes that get you . months of training and facial exposure drills , and yet somewhere along the way the dangers of staring into the eyes never came up . irises the same colour as my morning coffee , dilated pupils as black as night , and corneas that looked as if they had been glazed over with some kind of film . those are the eyes that belonged to jessica , my first ever assignment as a tech . even though it was 10 years ago , i can still see those eyes in my mind as if it had happened this morning . there  s a moment when you look at them for the first time that  s truly indescribable . all i wanted to do was sit there and take in every single little detail of those coffee coloured eyes . and the second i did , a wave of emotion slammed into me with such ferocity it froze me completely in time . no matter how hard i tried , i couldn  t look away . as if you re locked together by some invisible force of nature . and when your eyes are locked like that , there s a connection made like nothing i ve ever experienced . a piece of humanity long lost that it allowed me to finally regain . even though i d never met jessica before , i felt like i knew her . like i knew her better than anyone had known her in her entire life . and in a way , i guess i did . newline newline by the time i took a second to finally shift my eyes elsewhere , it was obvious jessica was in bad shape . she was hardly breathing , and her body seemed limp as she rested up against the cold concrete wall of an abandoned bus station . sprawled beside her were some pills , most likely facial modifier disrupters . take a couple of those and not only will it knock out your own face mask , but it will disrupt the receiving signal of other  s face masks as well . unfortunately , drugs that messed with the implant that much , usually resulted in cardiac arrest . i tried picking up the pills , trying to find a dosage or a bottle or anything , but only the small , unmarked tablets remained . i became addicted to looking at her , and for the first time i understood why people took those damn white pills . if i eventually left her , i would have go back to staring at the all too familiar face mask for every person i knew , starved of the beauty that i had only just discovered . but it was nt until i looked back at her again that created the moment that would stay with me forever . i assumed she took too much and was unconscious , but when i locked eyes with her once more , i could see intensity in her that could only mean she was staring right back at me , with all the same emotions i had been feeling just before . newline newline then , i could see a grin begin to slowly creep its way across her face . i could tell she was using every last bit of strength she had to show me her real , genuine smile , and that  s when i felt the tears streaming down my face , and landing on hers . even close to her inevitable death , her smile only grew , showing the happiness she felt in that moment . it was probably the happiest she  d ever been , or at least i knew it was the happiest i  d ever been . and as that smile expanded , beaming from ear to ear , a single tear slid down her face , which was now white as a ghost and as cold as ice . i kept staring at her eyes , slowly watching that intensity that was so strong only moments ago , fade away . and as more time passed , i could begin to see the life leaving those perfect , coffee coloured eyes . i didn  t look to see if she was still breathing , i didn  t check for a pulse , i didn  t need to . i could tell she was leaving me behind from the look she was giving me alone . and as her eyes finally closed , and the smile began to fade , my tears changed from ones of happiness , to ones of soul crushing sadness . i sat beside her crying , unable to look back , afraid of what seeing her dead would do to me . i was clutching the remaining pills in my hand the whole time , and contemplated downing them all and running into the street , but i was too scared of that too . i had only known her for 15 minutes , and we had never said a word to each other , yet in that moment i loved jessica more than anything else in the world . newline newline a lot has changed in the last 10 years , but the pain from that experience hasn  t , and as you may have guessed , i don  t look into the eyes anymore . how long ?  the darkskinned attendant at the counter asked as zak handed over a wad of cash . the light on his right wrist blinked methodically , an ubiquitous reminder of the farreaching grasp of the government . outside , the streets bustled in a carefully organized chaos , watchful guards peering down from parapets and whisking away anybody who deviated from the permitted activities . the usually clean , white walls of the city had burst into a myriad of colors when zak took the pill and it was all he could do to keep from sprinting to the shop . newline newline  one ,  zak answered and the man typed something into the register before handing back the change . zak took a deep breath , hoping his eyes would nt betray his anxiety and wishing that the distorted rainbow coming out of the man s mouth would disappear . newline newline  you on something ?  the attendant asked , squinting suspiciously . zak dutifully shook his head , forcing back the bile that rushed up his throat . the man looked doubtful but nodded towards the capsules .  second capsule on the left . out the same way you entered once you re done .  zak mumbled his thanks and pushed past an exiting unicorn leaving a trail of smurfs in his wake . zak shook his head to clear his eyes and the man pranced out the door . newline newline zak turned into the second capsule and lay down with a sigh , allowing the winding tubes to pierce into his wrists . he flinched as the bright purple snakes seemed to bite him before melting into his arm . a moment later , the machine beeped quietly and he closed his eyes and took a deep breath . newline newline  listen ,  a scantly clad man commanded , raising a finger to his lips . zak looked down at himself , still dressed in the white citizen uniform with the single black stripe indicating his status . the attire was completely out of place next to the man s bare skin and the virgin nature that surrounded them . there were trees  more trees than zak had ever seen . in the city , there were ornamental trees in gardens or around fountains but here they seemed to swallow the world whole . tiny animals bound past the two men and a symphony of chirps and squeaks soothed zak , the sounds so different from the robotic beeps and mechanical grinding of the city . newline newline  birds ?  zak asked and the man nodded and smiled . he had read of them in history books  great winged creatures that rivaled the hovercrafts and planes with their maneuverability .  they sing ... it s beautiful .  the man nodded again , offering a hand to help zak over a small stream . they walked for what felt like hours and zak struggled to catch his breath , stunned by the grandiose and purity of the world he was seeing .  where s the city ?  zak asked finally as they saw a deer feed a fawn . newline newline the man s face turned dark and colored before swirling into a vortex , pulling zak back towards the capsule and the shop . he struggled against the feeling , reaching out his hand to catch the man . instead , he found himself whisked upwards , seeing the city from above as he had never seen it before . not from where the hovercrafts and planes saw it but from further , so that it was smaller than his fingernail . and beyond the walls and the barren wasteland and the sister cities he saw the world the way the books said it once was . forests stretched until the mountains and beyond before turning into endless oceans , still with as much water as before the drought . newline newline  thank you for your business ,  he heard a robotic voice say and he stumbled out of the capsule , blinking to accustom his eyes to the dim lighting . the attendant at the counter stared at him curiously as he staggered towards the door , nodding his thanks . the man caught his arm as he passed , staring at him hard . newline newline  did you see the world ?  he demanded quietly , glancing around nervously . zak shook his head in panic , horrified at the way the man s ears had turned into wings and at how his eyes morphed to look eerily similar to the president s . the attendant grunted and pushed zak out the door back into the whitewashed streets . a guard nodded curtly and zak smiled nervously before heading to attend to his scheduled tasks . newline newline  newline newline thanks for reading ! if you enjoyed this , please check out more stories at rmatiwrites . constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated !people say that there once was a moon hovering around the earth a long time ago . newline newline like all the other moons i ve read about and seen during my travels in outer space , it was a round spherical body not unlike our planet . only , it did nt harbor life like the earth . the only thing that it had were craters   proofs of stray objects such as asteroids and meteors hitting it at times and permanently marring its surface . newline newline that was a long time ago , a thousand years ago to be exact , long before i was born . they say that the moon moved away from the earth inch by inch every year until the planet s gravity could no longer hold it in place , until it finally broke away and moved on to god knows where . newline newline looking up at the sky right now , all i see are stars   gaseous and fiery heavenly bodies raging into a conflagration of light and heat . then again , i m not even sure if the stars i m looking at are there anymore . some of them may already be dead and it is only their residual light that i am seeing right now , like memories that stay even after what has triggered them has already been put out . newline newline memories . newline newline i remember that stella and i always looked at the stars back when we were still together . we pointed at each one , trying to figure out which among the gems in the sky would become the guardian that would bless our relationship so it would last for billions of years , long after we take our last breaths . newline newline when the two of us finally decided on one , we named it  steves ,  a weird but beautiful combination of my name and hers . we boarded my secondhand spaceship the next day and blasted off into the sky , talking with each other excitedly as we went into warp , more than a thousand times the speed of light , until we finally reached our destination . what greeted us was nothing like the red and orange flame that we were expecting to see . instead , we only saw an empty space , filled only by darkness . when i saw stella s disappointed face , i tried my best to comfort her . newline newline  do nt worry . there are millions of other ones . we ll visit them all and find the one that s right for us someday ,  i told her . newline newline  sure . someday ,  she said , forcing a smile . newline newline stella has changed a lot since then . i ve changed as well . i guess that is what happens when people go separate ways . newline newline we never did find our star . i became too busy finding work , as well as the other mundane things of life that i once thought were too important , important enough to forget everything that really mattered . it was of little things at first . i would neglect to greet her in the morning , to surprise her with gifts , to talk . i became too focus to make myself better . i have been thinking of letting her go , thinking that if she  s gone then i can do so much . soon , the things i forgot and neglected moved on to consequential matters like her birthday , our anniversary , and those crucial moments when she needed me to smile for her when she was feeling out of orbit . newline newline whenever i looked at her during those days , i would see her anxious face , as if she were waiting for something to happen . newline newline  someday ,  i kept promising her . newline newline  alright ,  she would say . newline newline i did not notice that i had begun to lose her but one day  she could no longer take in . she became furious and left me broken . i never thought she was capable of hurting me . she changed . i became bitter and i tried to move on . until one day , newline  newline newline i could nt help but approach stella when i saw her walking along the street as i was going home from work . newline newline  stella .  newline newline  vester  she says , surprised . newline newline i invite her for coffee . i know she loves coffee . she seems apprehensive at first but i eventually manage to convince her to share a moment of reminiscing . newline newline as we exchange pleasantries in a nearby coffee shop , i contemplate on the things that do not change , like the taste of coffee we are drinking . amused , i note how she still blows her coffee in a hurry to make it cool , how her eyes still squint whenever she laughs , how beautiful she was even with no make up and how she still delights in talking about the future . but not everything s the same . newline newline  he s going to take me to that new planet two solar systems from here . he already bought a house ,  she says . newline newline her face has definitely changed . she is no longer frustrated or anxious , always waiting for something better to happen . i can tell that she is happy right now by the way she smiles and by the way the diamond ring on her finger glimmers whenever the light touches its smooth surface . newline newline perhaps the two of us could have been happy . i could have been the one to make her smile . i guess stupidity just got the better of me . i did nt know what i was thinking when i took stella . or maybe i did . maybe i just wanted to wipe that stoic look off stella s face , a look that had taken over suddenly without warning , or at least i thought so . i was at the verge of coming when she entered my room and caught us humping away , drenched in sweat . i still remember her shocked face when i looked at her as i came inside the girl underneath me . newline newline we did not break up right then . we even made up after that , although our relationship was never the same . our kisses no longer had the spark that once ignited everything inside us . our embraces were no longer the passionate yet calm assurances that they once were . our conversations regressed from intimate revelations about each other to mundane recollections of everyday life . it was as if we had become aliens to one another . soon , the only thing left was for us to make the inevitable choice of separating from each other . newline newline our days together seem so long ago . i sometimes doubt my memory of us being with each other at all . newline newline now , as we talk about what we shared back then , she only gives me polite nods and occasional smiles , entertaining me about thoughts that she had long since forgotten , or want to forget . newline newline i squirm in my seat , not because of the tension between us , but the lack of it . i see the awkward look in her face , a look that i feel is rapidly creeping onto mine . i try to dispel it with a fake smile . newline newline  do you need to go ?  newline newline  yes , i really do ,  she replies .  is it alright ?  newline newline  of course ,  i say , even though it never will be . newline newline  it was nice seeing you again .  newline newline  yeah . same here . you take care , alright ?  newline newline  you too .  newline newline after one last smile , she stands up , heads for the door , and is gone soon after . after she leaves , there is no more reason to stay inside the shop . i pick up my coffee and go outside . i stroll around the city and look up to the sky . besides the occasional antigravity cars hovering just above the tall buildings , i see only darkness . there are no stars tonight . newline newline as i stare at the darkness above , i mull over the fact that the moon once occupied that empty space , that it once reflected the sun s light and illuminated the ground during the night , just enough for the people below to look up towards the sky with a calm assurance , knowing that they are not alone . newline newline but now , all that is left besides the fading light of stars is an empty space  a vacant orbit whose only use now is to highlight the planet s loneliness , having only itself to blame for not pulling hard enough . how i wish , i can take her back but now , i am convinced , i lost her . newlinewarm rays of sunlight peek through the crack between the curtains and touch softly on my skin . she tells me they make no sound , and i m glad . with the curtains closed our worlds become almost the same . at any rate , the light is just as warm to me as it is to her . if i close my eyes , we can be one . newline newline i can see the keys before me , can see the soft twisting of light they reflect as i play them , but they are silent to me . i only know the music they make is beautiful because she tells me so . my world is bright and colourful , but it is quiet . she is the only one who speaks to me . newline newline not just with the flourishes of her hands as she signs to me how pretty the new tune i ve written is , but also in the soft touch of her fingers on my skin , her light breath on my face , and the worlds she creates on canvas . she tells me i am beautiful in a way i can never know . and somehow it means more when she says it . she s not the only one who does  so many others have called me a genius , an inspiration . a deaf pianist , what a miracle ! newline newline i do nt think it s a miracle . if it was , i would nt know . i see the keys , i play them , they say it makes them feel something beautiful but it means nothing to me . all i know is what she tells me . newline newline and i struggle to speak back because speaking is hard for me , and i do nt know what she hears when i do . what i say is probably different from what i mean , and i ca nt know if it is or not . i find i can not sign happiness or sadness or love and give it the same meaning it has in my heart . and when i compose , i ca nt understand my own songs . the only way i can really speak to others is when i write . newline newline but my words are silent , and they can not speak to her . and yet i still speak to her better than anyone else , without knowing how . all i know is that she hears me , and she loves what she hears . newline newline maybe it s the same as why i love her . she touches me in a way that she can not understand . she creates beautiful worlds that i try to describe to her , but my words are never enough . she ll never know what her creations make me feel , but maybe that is what makes them so wonderful . newline newline it s hard to hold back tears when i stop to think about it . she is my inspiration . she lets me know what i make her feel by making me feel the same way . she is a miracle , and the words blind painter  do nt even begin to describe why . she lights this word with a light she can not see , gives it a meaning she can not understand , she exists to create a paradise open to everyone but herself . newline newline and so i finally understand . this is what i am to her , this is what i make her feel . we may not be able to know the beauty in ourselves , but we can know the beauty of each other . she is the meaning in my life , and i am the meaning in hers . newline newline i do nt know how , but i can feel these words rush through me and into the notes i am playing . she places a hand on my arm , and i know that i feel as warm to her as she feels to me . i smile at her and see that she s singing . i can not hear her , but somehow i know that it sounds beautiful . newlinesam threw a box of old papers into the late afternoon sunlight from the shade of the warehouse , and it kicked up a cloud of dust when it landed on things of similar appearance . newline  jesus christ , john , i did nt think this would take all day ,  sam grumbled to the tall , lean man dusting himself off . his short , sandy hair glinted in the sunlight as he rolled his eyes . newline newline newline  you got somewhere to be ?  john remarked . newline newline newline  no , but this ol  warehouse gives me the creeps . the things we been findin  are just plain weird ...  sam sighed .  like who in their right mind keeps things like this ?  he held up a jar of green liquid , and inside jiggled a scorpion with 3 tails . john grimaced and threw the box into the van , pulling another thing out . newline newline newline newline  or this ?  he said , and displayed a rather detailed and intricately woven cowl the color of a midnight sky and blood . sam sighed and shook his head as he continued to pick up boxes and throw them out of the old warehouse . he was a big guy , maybe 6 foot 4 , broad , and built like an ox . he was on the football team at their local college , and him and john had been friends for as long as he could remember . sam had always looked out for john . john and sam were both part of their local debate team , and were clearing out this old warehouse on campus to use as a debate room . the locals were complaining about their debates getting too loud ... so they chose this spot , slightly apart from everything . newline newline newline newline sam moved another box and underneath found a smallish book , about the typical size of a novel , with a beautifully engraved white leather cover . it seemed unnaturally heavy , though . there was no title , so sam flipped it open . newline newline newline newline a gold , loopy , and elegant letter adorned the first page . the letter a . newline newline newline newline  this is the coolest dictionary i ve ever seen ,  sam quietly mused aloud . intrigued , he turned the page . newline  hey , john ! come take a look at this ,  he called . newline the book had names . just ... names . and a random word next to the name . some of them were common words , like forfeit , understanding , corrode , and one was even kangaroo . others were less common , like yataghan , olid , and uredo . they flipped through the book and eventually came across john s name . newline newline newline newline  oh hey man , we found yours ,  sam began but stopped cold when he realized his friend was nt next to him . john was slowly backing away , with such a look of fear as sam had never seen . newline newline newline newline  dude , you okay ? what s up ?  newline newline newline newline  ii do nt know ... what does it say next to my name ?  sam turned back to the book . newline newline newline newline  it says tome  . why whats  sam was interrupted by a loud thump behind him as john slumped to the ground , his face a muddle of blood and fear . newline newline newline newline the last thing sam remembered before the hospital was screaming as he ripped the book to shreds . newline newline newline newline the book always found its way into his pocket later , no matter what he did to it . even in the straight jacket . i don  t like him ,  bo peep said , taking a step back until the rear of her dress was flush against rex  s oversized leg .  he  s scary looking.  newline newline  and i  m not ?  rex said , glancing down at bo peep . he opened his mouth to let out one of his patented roars , but stopped himself , his eyes instead falling to the new guy . he was certainly an intimidating fellow , his face covered in long , slimy tentacles , with two oversized wings extending off his back . he wasn  t sure if he was some sort of octopus or alien , or if he was simply the result of a terrible melting accident . whatever the case , rex , of course , wasn  t scared . nothing scared him . still , he decided it was probably not the best idea to roar at the guy . newline newline  you  re a different kind of scary ,  bo peep said , still staring at the new toy . she eyed it up and down slowly , her hand wrapped around rex  s gigantic right calf .  i wouldn  t be afraid if i ran into you during the night . him , he  s just plain scary.  newline newline  he ain  t scary ,  hamm said , poking his head out from beneath andy  s bed . he had been sleeping , or rather attempting to sleep , and had absolutely no idea what the others were talking about . he assumed they were discussing rex , as per usual , who was simply the least scary dinosaur he  d ever met . to be fair , however , rex was also the only dinosaur he  d ever met during his relatively short life .  he  s just a big lizard.  newline newline  i resent that ,  rex said , glancing over at hamm . he opened his mouth and began a roar , but stopped himself again . now was not the time . newline newline  maybe we should just go over and talk to him ,  slinky dog said , poking his head in between rex and hamm . the upper half of his body was dangling off the top of andy  s bed , the lower half of his torso somehow lodged between the mattress and the rough , offwhite wall . newline newline  are you insane ?  bo peep said , gently patting slinky dog on the head while remaining safely against rex  s legs .  he  ll probably eat us.  newline newline  who ?  hamm said , searching the room for anything out of place .  rex ?  newline newline  no ,  rex said .  him , the new guy.  he pointed his short , green arm toward the octopusesque figure poking out of the white , plastic bag on the table beside the front door . he hadn  t moved since andy had dropped him off before leaving to eat lunch . he just sat there , his tentacled face staring down at them , wings slowly flapping . he looked absolutely menacing , but certainly didn  t scare rex . nothing scared rex . newline newline  what in the heck is that ,  hamm said , practically shouting . he took several steps backward until he was nearly underneath the bed , which he knew was far safer than being out in the open . newline newline  andy just bought him . he was supposed to get one of those buzz lightyear dolls they had on the television , but he got that instead . it  s called a  cuthullhuh ,  slinky dog said . he had been studying the new toy  s box while stuck atop the bed , practicing the pronunciation of the toy  s name since andy had first dropped the bag off . it was possibly the most difficult word he  d seen in quite a while , the letters spelling out  cthulhu.  he was pretty confident he  d pronounced it right . newline newline  it  s terrifying ,  hamm said , now completely under the bed , his face poking out from the unmade sheets that nearly touched the floor below .  can we return it ?  newline newline  what are you all talking about ?  woody said , hopping down off andy  s bed . he had been attempting to untangle slinky dog  s lower half for the better part of the afternoon , but hadn  t made much progress . he feared they  d have to amputate , but that would be a discussion for another time . newline newline  new guy ,  rex said , nodding toward cthulhu .  everyone is afraid of him , but i don  t think he  s so scary.  he made no attempt to roar . newline newline  afraid ?  woody said , talking a step toward the halfoctopus , halfhumanoid toy .  weren  t you all afraid of mr . potato head the first time we saw him ? remember ? bo peep wouldn  t even leave barbie  s dream house for the first week . said that  potatoes should be able to speak.   newline newline  that  s true ,  mr . potato head shouted from the other side of the room ,  and it was incredibly racist.  he had no interest in meeting the new guy , but had rather been searching for his nose while the others cowered by the bed . unfortunately , he had made absolutely no progress toward finding it . however , he had discovered a second pair of eyes and was using them in place of his nose for the time being . plus , it made it easier to search : twice the eyes , twice the ground covered . he glanced back down at the pile of assorted trash and resumed his search . newline newline  i say we give him a shot ,  woody said , taking another step toward the toy .  hey ,  he shouted ,  i  m woody.  newline newline cthulhu glanced down at woody , his head poking out from a white shopping bag . he  d been listening to what the others had been saying the entire time . he  d never before felt so unwelcomed , even back at the toy store . at least there he had others like him , he wasn  t just some outofplace freak . in fact , he wouldn  t have even minded being returned , at least then they  d get one of their buzz lightyear dolls they seemed to want so much . he glanced back down at the bag and sighed . newline newline  sorry about the others ,  woody continued ,  they can be a bit nervous around new people . say , do you like drawing ?  woody grabbed etch and quickly began turning his knobs , creating a very crudely drawn picture of a cat .  why don  t you come here and meet everyone , maybe see what you can draw on etch over here . i  m not very good at it.  newline newline cthulhu shrugged his shoulders , eyes still locked on the bag below as the tentacles on his face softly rustled its edges . he knew he could draw much better than the cowboy , he  d had a lot of practice back at the store . and , truth be told , he did kind of want to meet the others . he glanced up at woody and began flapping his wings . newline newlinethey were all suits of armor . thier white plates almost blended in with the white ash of the burning forest . blue and red plasma streaked across the battlefield , and in the chaos one stormtrooper fell dead . a bolt had struck the breastplate and pierced the vital organs underneath . another trooper stopped and knelt by his fallen comrade . newline newline he did not know the dead soldier . the armor could hold man or woman , sinner or saint , a friendly face or an absolute asshole . all that could be seen was the angry , or sad , frown of the standard issue stormtrooper helmet . the living mourned the dead regardless . he did not feel the hole in his back , nor did he hear the sounds of battle stop . newline newline his eyes shut as another suit of armor begun treating the wound in his back . newline newline  newline newline  picture   https : cdn1.artstation.compassetsimagesimages001644333largegonzalobarbosagoodbyemyfriendfinal.jpg ? 1450053869  newline newline  thread   https : www.reddit.comrimaginaryjedicomments3wsf6kgoodbyemyfriendbygonzalobarbosa  newline newline i will fully confess i had no idea what i was doing while writing this .i never should have done it . newline i never should have told him . newline or at the very least , i never should have listened . newline but he talked about the opportunity , and its obligation , and he was just so proud . and we got closer , like the way you see on tv when a dad teaches his son to play baseball , but for real , finally able to share with someone what for so long marked him as other and freak . newline newline we started with the training , obstacle courses eventually making way for battle tactics and simulations , and the weeks turned into months . i had never stood out before , especially in my father s eyes , and for the first time in my life i could be something to him  beyond the family at home he was always leaving behind  . i poured myself into it . he trained me every chance that mom let him , and i snuck out on my own just for the extra practice . newline newline it s not his fault they found me  i went out to play when he was gone saving the day , not knowing it was just a lure to get him away . they hit me for real and i never even saw it coming , and i still do nt know what went wrong . but they traded me for him , of course he did , even knowing what was going to come next , but he did nt know . he did nt know they d make me watch . newline newline damn it , dad , i wish this never happened , i wish i d never lived . i d rather you were still around and hated me than this . i just wanted to be part of your life , and this was always the biggest part of you . i guess i emulated you more than i knew . i should have listened , but just like you i had to learn . but what comes now ? newline newline with great power comes great responsibility . newline you never should have named me ben .since hip hop immemorial there have been mcs with power beyond their ability to rock the mic . these mcs were known as the grandmasters of hip hop . with their power and music , they spread knowledge and good will to the people and hip hop grew beyond being simply a music genre . however , those that sought to control the masses grew envious of the power of hip hop and tried to seize that power for themselves . they infiltrated the world of hip hop using any means necessary and turned it into a system . seeking to restore the art to its original form , a legendary mc crafted a power that could cleanse hip hop of its infection . it was then that the iron mic was born . the mc , known as the genius , along with the rest of his clan used this power to destroy many false hip hop artists and bring hip hop as an art form back to a state of supremacy but as a result it had become much more violent . the violence , though originally used to defend against things that would destroy hip hop , served as a gateway for much darker concepts and ideals to enter the world of hip hop . the art had been forever changed and it would take much more than a few good artists to restore it to its original form . some say that there is no hope of ever achieving this feat . others say that it is nt necessary , that change is inevitable and hip hop is merely a reflection of the world we inhabit and whatever happens to one will happen to the other newline  newline  hey , dishwasher , there s a saint pablo in the lobby , said he wants to speak with you ,  that mofo shouted through the door . that mofo has a name but he doesn  t deserve one . the dishwasher , jay , wiped his hands on his towel and made his way towards the door .  whoa , whoa , use the back exit and go around  he said he ll be outside waiting for you ,  the mofo said . jay gave him an unamused look and walked out back . as he made his way around the building , he wondered who the hell saint pablo was and what he might want . it would probably be best to scope him out first . he doubled back and snaked through an alley that led him further from the front of the building then made his way back , keeping to the shadows . he spotted a figure standing in front of the restaurant next to a very expensive car . as his eyes adjusted to the lights out front he could clearly see the platinum selling rap artist westye khan . he sported a long black jacket that went down to his knees . it made him look like a final boss from a fighting game . the mofo appeared in the front door and peered outside . newline newline  yo , where the hell is your dishwasher ,  yelled westye . newline newline  i do nt know , he should have been out here already ,  mofo called back . it suddenly dawned on him that westye was saint pablo , and he was here waiting on him because he knew . jay had been doing dishes using forbidden hip hop techniques . damn ... he knew he shouldn  t have been lazy tonight and took the easy route . there was no way he could stay here anymore , he  d have to skip town . he turned to leave and came face to face with ... a man maybe in a teddy bear ... mascot costume ? the head was comically large like the ones you see on sports mascots and it wore a collegiate jacket over a white tee shirt with jeans . the outfit was completed by a fresh pair of sneakers . the mascot stood before him unmoving , seemingly watching him with its deadpan eyes and empty expression . newline newline  can i help you ?  jay offered . the mascot pointed behind him . westye khan had made his way over and was now standing a few feet away from him . newline newline  normally , i do nt need introduction but i feel like it s necessary to remind people that i go by the name of saint pablo now . i see you ve met my friend ,  he nodded towards the bear mascot .  so let s cut to the chase , i m a very attentive man.   i eat at a lot of different establishments . one of the things i take note of is cleanliness.   cleanliness is next to godliness which is why i stay fresh as hell.   i noticed that the dishes in there are the cleanest dishes i ve ever seen.  upon further inspection i could see that a forbidden hip hop technique had been used to clean them ,  he revealed . newline newline jay remained silent . he stood at an angle so he could see both the mascot and the rapper . newline newline  oh you gon act like you ai nt hear me . ok cool let s get on with it . you know how it goes . a yo dropout , let s go ,  bellowed pablo . newline newline in a flash the mascot launched into action , covering the gap between itself and jay in three steps . it let fly a strong left hook that was narrowly avoided . jay countered with two distinct strikes to his assailant  s midsection , which to his surprise was extremely durable . the mascot staggered backwards and the dishwasher retreated several steps himself . his hands stung with pain from the punches he  d thrown . newline newline  shaolin shadowboxing ?  inquired pablo . newline newline  and the wutang sword style ,  jay confirmed . he assumed a fighting stance saint pablo had never before seen . newline newline  if what you say is true , then your fighting style could be dangerous . do you think your wu tang sword can defeat me ?  jay smirked and awaited the mascot  s next attack . as if reading his mind , dropout held up his hand and shot a beam of purple light straight at him . jay threw himself towards the ground to avoid it and rolled into a ready crouch . his heart racing , he prepared to use his hip hop technique , rapping the lyrics : newline newline the cerebral assassin . the bastard is back in action newline i  ve mastered the art of rapping  , i  m spazzing on the attack newline and i  m happy with my insanity , man i be whipping ass newline a nine in my hand ? nah that  s tragic , i  m flagging myself for that one newline newline as he rapped the words he waved his arms and wove hand signs  his movements appeared to be a cross between an adept martial artist and a rapper in the midst of a performance . the most important thing to notice was the way he seemed to be creating ice and water out of thin air . every arc of his arm spawned a streak of water that froze mere moments after it appeared , freezing just in time to deflect each blast of the mascot  s laser beam . saint pablo watched in equal parts awe and frustration as this complete nobody went toe to toe with dropout . he lifted his shutter shades for a moment to make sure his eyes weren  t deceiving him then dropped them back down . he fought hard to hide the half grin , half scowl that had twisted itself onto his face . newline newline  ain  t no fucking way ... aye yo dropout stop playing with him , go  head an give him the graduation version ,  pablo spit . dropout dropped its hands to its sides and light began to glow in the creases of the mascot mask . the eyes lit up as did several lights beneath the white tshirt . a droning mechanical sound began rising steadily from seemingly everywhere . the dishwasher stood his ground , keeping a close eye on pablo to make sure he wasn  t trying to enter the fray . there was a rush of air from dropout , then a wave of energy destroyed the clothing that covered it from the neck down . now it was clear to see that beneath the teddy bear costume mask was the body of a cyborg . jay had no idea what he was seeing or what he  d gotten himself into but he knew it had gone from bad to worse . pablo chimed back in ,  give him the last track on the album , we need to wrap this up . i remember the exact moment my date with amy went south . it was when i started discussing my hobbies . newline newline  ... hiking , craft beer , and conlanging .  newline newline i watched amy scrunch up her face in confusion , followed by the inevitable question .  i m sorry  con  what ? also , how is craft beer  a hobby ?  newline newline  conlanging ! it s the creation of constructed languages . basically i make up new languages .  newline newline her facial expression had nt changed at all .  um . why ?  newline newline  lots of reasons ! let s see . have you ever seen game of thrones ?  newline newline  no .  newline newline  oh . well , they have a conlang  sorry , constructed language  called dothraki . it s really neat !  newline newline  uh , okay .  newline newline   newline newline apparently my roommate brad had spoken with amy after our date .  dave , i m gon na have to stop introducing you to my single friends if you keep bringing up that language stuff .  newline newline  conlanging . and i m sorry man , but i feel like it came up pretty organically this time .  i strode over to the fridge and grabbed another couple beers for myself and brad . newline newline  thanks .  brad grabbed the beer from my hand and started to open the bottle against the side of our coffee table when he could nt find a bottle opener .  either way , no one cares if you re working on a new form of klingon .  newline newline  brad , it s a screw top . and davish is not a new form of klingon .  it s an attempt to take the best parts of all the world s languages , eliminate the imperfections , and create the perfect medium of communication .  newline newline  whatever . anyways , you been keeping up with this aliens stuff ?  newline newline  what ? oh , yeah . i do nt really pay attention to all that . probably a hoax .  newline newline brad started playing with his phone .  no dude , this is real . nasa confirmed it . latest is they sent us a recorded transmission .  newline newline  wait . there s a recording ? like an audio recording ?  now i was interested . an alien language ? newline newline  yeah ! here , check it out .  he tapped something on his phone and then shoved it in my face . there were some beeps , and then , unmistakably : newline newline  trammi hhsmapuktx .  newline newline no fucking way .  i snatched the phone from brad , read the article and played it back a dozen more times before i was sure . the aliens were speaking davish . mi amor !  newline newline i heard the echo , his slight accent as he called for me .  mi amor !  i tried to respond but the energy , i could nt ... ... ... ... ... newline newline newline there was the smell of wet loam , the crunch of dried october leaves underfoot . i could hear him , he could nt begin to know where i was .  mi amor ! ! !  i could hear the frustration building in his voice . he was getting annoyed . newline newline the leaves blew dustily over me as if i did nt really exist . i thought , vaguely , that the wind and plants were being rude . that thought , like all my others faded rapidly as i thought them . i could nt concentrate for long . it was too difficult . oh look , there was a smoke trail and the smell of burning wood ... ... ... .. newline newline newline i could hear the crunching of leaves . he was walking closer . i tried to open my mouth and yell but i was interrupted by the gust of cold , rainhinting wind . amazingly enough , leaves , dried , dead , redolent leaves , filled my mouth . newline newline  mi ... ... ... ... ...  newline newline i leaned against the carved marble angel . i did nt feel the cold . i had nt felt the cold for some time .the world is nt always compliant with our wants . life doesn  t work the way we desire it to . it  s not that the universe is against us . this is the paradox that exists . all around us , change happens , and evolution occurs and continues without us . we are the ones that build the walls in the middle of this river and are devastated when our static addition doesn  t take root and hold firm . newline newline unlike the predictions of unavoidable selfdestruction and nuclear apocalyptic futures , humanity eventually figured it out . people were able to shed their dependencies on those destructive fuels , both old and new , that were burning up our world . society was able to become just that , one society thriving together , a harmonic concerted effort to save itself . and after holding strong to the principle , we were able to stand back and admire our masterpiece , our products of peace , unity , and hope . newline newline what was not accounted for was that , despite our long struggle against ourselves and our very nature , the universe does nt care about peace , or war , or death , or love . the paradox universe just is . unable are we to understand its how  s and why  s . newline newline so when the earth began its death throes in the end days , its peel crust began to shift , letting forth the hot liquid death for all those that had called earth home , there was no possible way to  understand  why . we had done all that was possible to continue on the existence of our race , and yet still fallen short due to our misunderstanding of change . oh what a performance , ladies and gentlemen please , give it up for jim jefferson !  newline newline rapturous applause pierced his ears as the man tumbled out the virtual reality booth and shivered as he hugged himself . cold sweat clung to his face like a protective cocoon from the onslaught of sound and picture around him . newline newline breathing was alien to him , he felt clear . his lungs did nt rattle when he breathed in and out , his rib cage was nt showing and his skin did nt sag from his bones . it took him several minutes to gain his bearings before he looked up into the intrusive red light of a camera . newline newline  what ...  his voice trailed . somehow , the pitch of his voice had changed and it oozed charisma . the camera eagerly lapped up every movement , every slight nuance of trying to grip reality again . newline newline  that was a great show !  a voice sounded again , coming from behind the camera . a man stepped forward then , grinning like a cheshire cat with unnaturally white teeth . his long , curly brown locks bounced off his shoulders like he d stepped out of a hair commercial . he clasped his manicured hands together and trained his eyes on jim , a hint of pity in his look . newline newline  you did scare us around 46 when you almost had that collision with another driver but you did well , you managed to last 87 years . very impressive .  he applauded then  somewhere in the invisible depths of the darkness , other hands applauded the valiant effort . newline newline jim jefferson looked around , continuously glancing at his youthful hands and arms , feeling his wrinklefree face . he had 87 years worth of memories bubbling around that were slowly fading from him . marrying and then eventually losing his wife to cancer , the war , his failed writing career , his successful career within car sales , he had had an eventful life and he had lived his life to the maximum but this , this did nt feel right . newline newline  what s goin  on ?  he said , scratching the back of his head , surprised again to feel thick , sweatsoaked hair . newline newline  why , you ve just supplied us with enough material to last an entire season , you , my friend , are about to be rich !  newline newline  wait , hold on ... where am i ?  newline newline  the bbc of course .  the man laughed , looking somewhere in the distance and pointing a thumb at jeff . newline newline  boy did you have an interesting journey !  jim realized then that the man kept looking at an adjacent camera just behind him . he spun round in time to see a red blinking light and the cold allseeing lens of the camera . newline newline  would you care to see your statistics ? see how you got on jim ?  newline newline  my what ?  newline newline  it s okay ,  the man hurriedly waved away his protests before pointing to the camera behind him . it immediately projected a series of numbers and statistics on screen . newline newline  okay ... let s see what we have here . oh , very interesting ... hmm ... yes that s a cause for concern ... that s very , very interesting ...  the man looked down a long list of barely readable words . one thing that had nt changed in his 87 years was his lack of decent vision . despite the unpleasantness , it was a welcome relief that at least something was familiar . newline newline the man pointed to a series of very large numbers on screen .  so it appears you have a fair amount of hours clocked for sleep . your meals eaten during life is pretty average considering age of mortality and same goes for drinking . time spent watching television is surprisingly low though . most people clock in an embarrassing amount of time in front of the box .  newline newline the numbers continued and the tone changed slightly as the man reached the more intimate questions , reading out the private parts of his life like it were a simple memo . jim felt like his head was going to explode but truth be told , he was utterly exhausted trying to come to grips with what had happened and now had no energy to pursue it . despite the youthfulness of his body , his mind felt old . newline newline  you ... you violated my life ? you mean to tell me that you ve seen every part of my 87 years on this planet ?  newline newline  we ve seen 87 years of your artificial life inside the machine which belongs to us but you , i mean the real you , you re 23 . you signed the contract saying you wanted to be on tv and now you will be . your story is with the editing team right now .  newline newline  the editing team ?  newline newline  they take your life and cut out all the boring bits and leave the good stuff . judging by your life , you ve had a pretty good one to be honest so it s going to be a lot harder to pick out 10 hours worth of material for our new series .  he stopped then as a phone buzzed in his breast pocket . he sighed and clicked a button without looking . he continued . newline newline  new series ?  jim called after him . he stared into the red light of the camera and quickly looked away . newline newline  oh yes , it s called  my life  and the best ones get to stay on for a second season . now we ve just had confirmation from the editing team that this will not be renewed with us for a second season . i do apologise .  newline newline  what ? why ?  he said , as two armed guards approached and grabbed him . newline newline  stick him in this one ,  the man said to the guards , pointing to another empty virtual reality machine . the crowd applauded and laughed , a bitter laugh that sent chills down to his spine . newline newline  you re an interesting character , people like that , but you re just not as..well ... idiotic than the last ones . they like idiots and you are most certainly not an idiot .  newline newline  what ? next time ? what s going on ?  the door to the machine whined to a close and a the momentary banging quickly subsided as jim was thrust back into an alternate persona . newline newline one of the guards approached the man and rested his gun on the ground .  permission to speak ?  newline newline  permission granted . what is it sergeant ?  newline newline  well , it s just ...  he removed his helmet and sighed , shaking his head .  it s just you ve been doing this all day . the poor guy ca nt remember who he is and you keep throwing him into alternate lives . i appreciate this is all for television but damn , the kid s getting his brain fried .  newline newline the man grinned , leaning up against the wall before grabbing a cigarette from his pocket and lighting it .  my arse is on the line here davies , if i do nt give the network decent stories they will never allow this show to continue to operate .  newline newline he took a drag of his cigarette , breathing the twinges of guilt out in tiny wisps of smoke in the air .  so we go again until we find a good narrative for jim to work with .  he clicked a button on the machine , and jim was catapulted back into another full human life on earth , the previous 5 minutes just a distant dream by the time he woke up . newlinecells are protoplasms enclosed within a membrane , right ? we learned that in biology . newline newline i remember our biology classes . miss parkinson , poor lady . we always laughed at her , remember ? newline newline we , sorry , i always enjoyed seeing those wide shining eyes at the end of each class , teardrops forming in the corners like a fraction of her soul , ripped apart and exerted through the eyes . the windows of the soul . that s what they call the eyes , right ? newline newline newline but i digress . newline newline i wanted to tell you something , old friend . that s why i started writing this letter in the first place . to tell you , burden you , even , with my story . to make my end a little more peaceful , by knowing.. hoping , maybe ? , that you ll pass this knowledge on . that you will not allow this suffering to continue any longer . newline newline i m glad , really , to have set this into motion . i will be remembered , finally , as a hero . as the messiah , the first to save them , the prophet . i already drew the lines . do you know how hard it is to draw precise lines with a marker ? newline newline but i digress , again . newline newline they started asking last month . i distantly remember getting up and wandering to the couch and hearing it . the constant squeak . the tone that sounds like someone wrongly handling a saw . i instantly knew what it meant , and i could nt be happier . newline newline but it ll be over soon . they will be freed . that s what they asked for , right ? to be freed . to no longer be packed up in their cage , to no longer be used , vibrated , molested like chickens , waiting for slaughter . newline newline yes , it ll all be over soon . they re going to be free . protoplasms no longer . newline newline i have already started making the incision . newline newline  sorry for any errors , english is not my first language .  newlinewe were all playing ringaroundtherosie , around a tree  big enough where people disappeared at the opposite end , but small enough where you could catch up to someone quickly enough . there was no assigned direction  we all just skipped , ran , or pursued in whatever way we felt like . at least six of us partook in the game , with no end in sight , and no concept of winning or losing . it was just ... fun . newline newline i was going clockwise , and she counterclockwise . i was an arms  lengths away from the tree , and she was near it . when i saw her , my arm extended and it hit her throat . she hit the ground already crying , but got up quickly and ran to her house , face red from her wailing , embarrassment , and possible lack of breath . i said it was an accident . newline newline i saw her father come out of the house , which was about four houses away from the cul de sac i was near . a skip to his step despite a slight limp , my little heart beat faster and faster with each step he took toward me . i was crippled with fear as he approached , and his own arms extended forward as he pushed me backward . the force was great enough to hurt , and i stumbled over a bike behind me , with the grass catching my body . his words echoed in my mind for a long time as he pointed his finger at me with determination . newline newline  if you ever touch my daughter again , i ll bury you , and your whole family !  newline newline after that , he left . once i saw him go into his house , i got up and , without a word , walked back to my house with the other kids watching me . my house was two beyond his on the same side of the street , so when i got to his , my body said run  . when i told my own father what had happened , he went over there to straighten out the whole matter , since we were all neighbors and friends . he asked me to go with him , but i was still scared and did nt want to face that man again . it was worked out , even if the details were nt completely told or revealed . newline newline after that day , i stopped playing with all of those kids , and most kids in general . when my parents divorced , and i moved with my mom to a new neighborhood , i tried to regain that confidence to play or hang out . i did on occasion , but never could really find that sense of camaraderie or outdoor fun  again . not until college , at least . newline newline this is one of my fonder memories because of all the things that it revealed and developed . because i stopped playing with those kids , i developed other hobbies and a new sense of fun . gaming became a great aspect and teacher in my life , with everything from enjoying the worldsaving , heartwrenching stories to bonding with my brother through 2d sidescrolling mmo battles . writing became something i did for fun , even if it was just a poem for my mom s birthday or a stray thought that leaked onto some nearby paper . i even , eventually , questioned my actions during that day  did i really just want to see what would happen , knowing what would happen initially ? what was i really thinking , if i hit her on purpose ? newline newline i did nt and still do nt know the answers to those questions , but what i do know is a single , confusing action and decision reshaped me into the person i am now . newline newline and i like me .january 22nd newline 8:47 pm newline temperature is low newline my clay jacket does not provide as much warmth as i hoped it would newline snow begins to fall newline i pray that it is not as serious as the humans have made it out to be newline i stand motionless in the yard as the snow falls from the night sky newline newline 10:33 pm newline the snow is sticking newline this is not good newline the snow has coated the yard newline the green grass that once surrounded me is now blanketed by white snow newline i calculate that it is about a quarter of an inch newline nothing too serious but i still feel uneasy newline newline january 23rd newline 1:06 am newline snow has picked up significantly newline the wind has also increase by 3 miles per hour newline i m starting to not be able to see my brown boots newline i pray that the snow let s up soon newline newline 3:48 am newline my prayers have gone unheard newline the snow has now reach 6 inches newline i can no longer see below my waist newline the winds have picked up even more as snow whips me in the face newline newline 5:54 am newline the sun should be up but all i see is white newline the snow is now up to the second clay button on my jacket newline i must note that i only have three in total newline there s no signs of the morning joggers who run in the most horrible conditions newline good god will you not pity a common lawn gnome ? newline newline 10:27 am newline i regain consciousness newline i am fully submerged in snow newline all i see is white newline my claustrophobia has kicked in as panic runs through my hollow interior newline i try to scream but my mouth is only painted on ... newline newline ? ? : ? ? newline i have no idea what time it is newline i have been alone with my thoughts for what feels like an eternity newline i ca nt take it anymore newline i ca nt live like this newline thoughts of suicide run through my mind newline yet i can not move to perform such an act newline what did i do to deserve this ? newlinehis face is carved with the ancient knife of age . he is smug , reveling in his belief that i feared to take his life . he is an expert navigator of the battlefield and speech craft . but today is the day that his supposed reign over me shall come to an end . newline newline the journalist , her dark skin and frail eyes reflecting the lights situated in front of them , sits innocently with her subject for whom she fought so hard to gain an interview . all she wants is to find that one story to make it big . today , she will receive it . newline newline i stand idly watching my smug target from the back of the studio , interns rushing past me in our field of invisibility . none of us are seen by the production crew  they are far too entranced by my target s tale of his narrow escape from the jungles of vietnam as the viet cong shot furiously . newline newline  and how old were you then ?  asks the journalist , her eyes glimmering with as her interest rages . newline newline  i was about seventy at the time . i know , you d think it was impossible , but when you maintain yourself as i did , it s really not that surprising .  responds by target , his smirk spreading across his pale , cleanshaved face . his hollow eyes watch the journalist s lips intently as she reads off of her list of questions , shaking with excitement in her seat . newline newline i leave the darkness of my corner , stepping into the jungle of the production crew . i remember the moment of which he speaks . how easily he had been able to slip through the cracks every single time his death was planned . but i d had too many souls to lead away for me to turn around and end him . newline newline i suppose my allowance of his rebellion from my plan bred his cockiness . he could flaunt his arrogance so easily , for how could he not when the touch of age hardly seemed to affect him ? newline newline suddenly i am on the set , and the journalist s passion radiates from every word that leaves her lips . she does not deserve to be traumatized by a death unrelated to her . the world does not deserve to be traumatized by my irresponsibility . newline newline but i m not in the business of justice . newline newline i look directly into the eyes of my target . his breathing slows , his eyes widen , and i step forward . he is no longer smug . newline newline  mr. webber , are you okay ?  the journalist shouts , her passion descending into terror . newline newline  do you fear death now ?  i ask my target . he does not respond to either question . newline newline his youthful eyes turn soulless and he lies lifeless in his chair . i step back to watch the chaos ensue . newline newline  oh death , you ve finally done it .  i hear from behind . as i turn around , a man cloaked in white places his hand on my shoulder . newline newline  lovely job . truly a masterfully performed scene . but i do hope you never try something so idiotic again .  he says , looking into my eyes . newline newline  and what have i done , exactly ?  i ask . newline newline  well , my subject is not to be interfered with . now i must go and save him , but it does not matter . just as you were invisible to them , so shall i be . go , return to your invisible corner among the interns . this will not happen again .  he says . newline newline i fade into the crowd and watch him walk up to the set and place his hands on my target . his soulless eyes fill with smug joy . the whitecloaked man disappears . newline newline  what d i tell ya ?  says my target to the journalist , who falls face down on the floor . how s the search going ?  i walked up behind her and gave her shoulder a tap .  you requested access ?  newline newline the intern looked up , eyes wide .  yes . i ve managed to extract another one .  newline newline  what s it about ?  newline newline  i m not allowed to overuse power so ...  newline newline  i know .  i sat down beside her .  what have you got so far ?  newline newline  a video of