 . i looked at the two men in my life , both of which i cared deeply for . i didn  t want to give either of them up . newline newline  have you  have either of you heard of a polyamorous relationship ?  newline newline robert nodded .  yeah , that  s when there  s more than two people in a steady relationship , right ?  newline newline  exactly . well  what if that was us ?  newline newline james looked startled .  you mean try and make it work  the three of us ?  newline newline i nodded , hardly believing what i was saying .  i love you . both of you . and i  m not giving that up.  newline yeah , if i can get another assignment that d be great ,  i said to agent black who s frightening demeanor pierced through the 18 inch plasma monitor and shook my very soul . newline newline  no , agent magenta . you may not . this is your assignment ,  he clarified ,  yours alone .  newline newline  okay , but how about a name change ? magenta ? is that what s left ? no purple pizzaz ? macaroni and cheese ?  newline newline agent black leaned back in his chair and the screen went black . newline newline  no ? ok.  i muttered . there i was ... alone , in a dark room in my flat s basement with a manila folder in front of me . inside the folder was a polaroid of jonathan felix anthony cena jr ... .or john cena . newline newline the man people can not see , the doctor of thuganomics , the leader of the chain gang , and of course , the man who has granted the most wishes for the makeawish foundation . not only that , but this man was also a personal hero of mine . newline newline growing up in various locations around the world , sports were the only constant in my life and i grew up to appreciate them all no matter if the results were predetermined or not . i watched mexican luchadors , japanese extreme wrestling and of course the world wrestling federation which later became known as world wrestling entertainment and john cena was one hell of an entertainer . newline newline his charisma enchanted millions around the globe and i was one of them . his kind acts have made him almost unhateble to many . well , except for whoever placed this hit on him . newline newline as someone who became enthralled with american culture , i moved to the states to attend an american university and live my personal interpretation of the american dream . unfortunately , as many americans discovered , that dream often comes with debt . i now find myself looking for money any way i can and that desperate search landed me with this job . it pays great , but what price am i paying ? newline newline here i am with a guaranteed cool million for shooting a man who has done more good than most men in world history . the choice should be simple . one million dollars or face the wrath of agent black and the rest of the agency . newline newline office is closing so i have to hit submita bead of sweat rolled lightly down his forehead . jon , a large man by normal standards , pulled the wrench downwards , tightening the bolt near the boiler . the fearsome steel machine needed regular maintenance or else the large heating system for the building would clog from smudge and debris . newline newline as he applied pressure to the wrench , a pipe rattled loose . steam and smoke began to pour from the opening into his face . he covered his mouth quickly with the sleeve of his coveralls . as the unhealthy smog filled the room , jon began to cough . the smoke clouded all of his senses . a loud , high pitched scream emitted from the boiler as the gas continued to escape . newline newline i am going to die in here , screamed jon s panicked thoughts . he scrambled to his left , blindly in the direction of the door . as he ran , jon stumbled over a mop bucket which was unfortunately in his path . a lurching scream came from his lungs as his left knee crashed into the concrete . falls were not enjoyable for a man nearing his late sixties . his mouth , now open , was vulnerable to the suffocating mass of smoke and steam . his lungs burned as he heaved it from his system . a dim light shone through the mist . it had to the be the window of the door . newline newline jon limped across the remaining distance , shoving the swinging door into the wall . smoke poured through the door behind him . white concrete brick walls lined the hallway for about fifty meters . the low fluorescent lights flickered above him . all he had to do was reach the elevator shaft at the other end of the hallway . newline newline the smog advanced steadily behind him as he managed to make the distance down the dismal hallway . he jammed his fist into the button on the left panel of the elevator . the two , large metal doors creaked slowly open . jon slid through the opening into the damp elevator . he jammed his index finger into the button with the inward arrows that closed the doors faster . he fell backwards on his haunches . newline newline how had this day ended so wrong ? he was just about to go home to this waiting wife when this had to happen . the entire new york fire department would be down here in a matter of minutes . the only to blame was him , jon miller . newline newline the elevator began to lurch as it began its motion . the ride to the actual ground level took a while since the boiler was held three stories below the lobby . he could imagine the fire department trucks driving almost recklessly as the fire alarms were set off by the smog . newline newline  long ride ahead ?  newline newline jon practically jumped out of the elevator as the voice spoke behind him . another man in a similar janitor s uniform stood behind him . newline newline  who in the world are you ?  asked jon incredulously . his eyes were open wide as he kept his distance within the cramped space . newline newline  the name s bill , and your name is jon.  he smiled as he spoke to him . newline newline jon looked towards the dial above the elevator doors . surely , it should have reached the ground floor by now . the dial hand , however , bounced uselessly to the left . the elevator was definitely not going up , but where else could it go ? newline newline  where are we going !  yelled jon . newline newline  down . that is really all i know too . i am just the captain of this ship.  newline newline jon stared at him , not understanding what he was talking about .  we are in an elevator ! the boiler is flooding the building and i need to get to the ground floor to explain to the fire department . what are you even talking about or doing here ?  newline newline bill sighed ,  jon , you re dead.  newline newline  dead ?  jon pricked his arm .  i do nt feel dead ! i have no idea who you are or how you know my name.  newline newline  the smog , it got to your lungs ,  explained bill .  your soul is just imagining you escaped . you made a mistake . it happens to the best repairmen . i would nt take it too personal.  newline newline  let s assume i am dead . where are we going then ?  newline newline  they call it the grey room . it is more of an inbetween . we all have to pay for our maintenance mistakes.  newline newline  so , i am headed to purgatory.  stated jon , still disbelieving . newline newline  not quite , it is more specialized . like our profession.  newline newline the bell rang and the door to the elevator opened . a line of men in blue or grey coveralls were lined up before a desk . a short and plump receptionist was examining papers behind the short wall rising from the desk . there were two directions to go from there . the door to the right had the words  cool  written across it . the door to the left had  heat  inscribed on its surface . newline newline  here is just a tip.  whispered bill into jon s ear .  try to avoid the left door .science fiction traditionally accomplishes 2 goals  newline newline 1  it posits , speculatively , that a piece of science theory is actually , in the story , science fact newline newline and newline newline 2  it couches modern day issues in fantastical terms newline newline so , ideally , your invasion plan would hinge on some theory or hypothesis that is not yet hard fact . for example , a story about people using computers is not science fiction unless the story were written 200 years ago then it certainly would be ! also , the theme of the invasion should mirror a modern day problem , for example the russian invasion of crimea going on right now . newline newline make a decision about the point you are trying to convey about this invasion and make it using fictional aliens rather than russians , for example . newline newline i hope that helps .danny raced across the park , carefully dodging around around a woman with a young child and sunbather as he ran from the onegi . risking a glance behind him , he saw the man in red calmly following him on his motorcycle . turning back , he was just able to see the girl before she crashed into him . newline newline sarah panicked as she clutched the box to her chest . the wolves were getting closer , and noone but her could see that . if they got their hands on the box , the world would end . she began to worry that she would nt get to see her brother again before she knocked into a rather rude young man . newline newline the man in red carefully followed the boy . he had little need for speed  impatience had turned his father into confetti and he was in no hurry to get the same fate . suddenly a small girl in a white dress ran in front of him and he swerved . newline newline  dammit .  he said . he got off his motorcycle . anger flared up in his belly , red humours filling his body . wrath , too , was a flaw , but sometimes you had to indulge your vices ... newline newline dani carefully sunbathed next to the abomination . carefully sunbathing , essentially cautiously relaxing , was so selfcontradictory that it sounded like one of the monk s idiotic zen koans . she was about to remark to the antichrist how good the lake looked today and maybe she should try swimming again , along as she did nt summon another beast , when she noticed that the little girl was gone . dani began to panic . losing the antichrist , loosing her out unto the virgin earth , would end the world and probably ruin her reputation at work . she started to xray the crowd . the first idiot to so much as bump into the daughter of all evil would be cast into hell , dani did nt want to have to pave over another crack into the mantle .i could hear them before i could see them  a low , ominous buzzing that grew steadily louder until it sounded like i was in the center of a tornado of electricity . i imagined what they looked like  swarms upon swarms of cockroaches , bedbugs , ants and mites  millions of pointed insect legs skittering over the floor , millions of pinchers vengefully extended . newline newline i watched the pearly gates fade away as the cumulous cloud that had borne me up into limbo drifted into the dark arena . newline newline  so much for all that morality bullshit ,  i thought distantly , and immediately resented all those untold hours spent listening to father simon drone on about moral responsibility and helping old ladies across the street . newline newline  i might as well have been snorting cocaine and having sex with strangers . seen what all the fuss was about , if i m just gon na end up down there anyway .  newline newline the cloud landed with a soft  pffft  on a hard cobblestone surface , and then dissolved into the air . i kept my eyes on the stones for a few more seconds , savoring my last few moments as a free soul . newline newline when i looked up , it was even worse than i imagined . the area looked to be about the size of a football stadium , and every wall was throbbing with glittery black bodies . the portal to hell was several feet to my left , blistering with heat and clearly broadcasting the tortured screams of the souls trapped within . at the other end of the arena , just barely visible , was the pure white pulsing of the portal to heaven . between me and it was a solid two hundred yards of furious insect . newline newline i closed my eyes so that i would nt have to see whatever happened next in addition to feeling it . newline newline the buzzing grew louder , as well as the clicking of their pinchers . and then ... another sound . a pure , ringing thud . it was much , much too heavy to belong to any creature i had ever exterminated . i opened my eyes . newline newline before me , in front of the swarm of insects , stood a horse . it was nt beautiful no palomino of the afterlife . just a simple gray draft horse . i stared at it a moment , perplexed . then , the memory flooded back . newline newline i was about 14 , coming back from a long camping trip alone in the woods . i d heard a strange sound coming from a ditch on the side of the road . curious , and too young to think to be scared , i looked in . it was the horse , thrashing back and forth in agony . i could see from where i was standing that all four of its legs were broken , and i knew what that meant for a horse . an injury like that could nt be healed . newline newline there had only been one humane thing to do in that moment , and i d done it . with an old hunting rifle , i d put the horse out of its misery and spared it any further pain . i d killed it . and now , here it stood . newline newline the horse watched me . it seemed expectant . i gazed at it one more moment in awe and surprise and then took a deep breath . i had maybe one chance . it was a long shot , but clearly the only option i had . i climbed on the horse . newline newline it had been a long time since i d moved so fast . in my last dozen years or so of life , i d avoided driving and stuck around the house . the horse was galloping powerfully . i heard the bodies of insects crunching as she ran . faster , faster . newline newline then , before i could even bring myself to truly believe it , we were through the portal to heaven . i heard music and laughing and my eyes were dazzled with light . and then , we floated upward , on to our next adventure . newlinethe man in front of sally was short , stout , and had a bushy mustache . he wore a suit and sat behind a desk but she thought he was unlike any principal she had ever seen . newline newline and she didn  t like him . newline newline as he peered at her over his teensytiny glasses that hung off the end of his nose , she cleared her throat . she was shaking because she was awfully nervous but didn  t know why . the man was smiling and acting friendly but she felt something else , somethingominous .  newline newline  i  m here about david ,  she finally said .  as i told you over the phone , he  s been acting rather  newline newline  strange ?   newline newline she nodded , wishing she had a glass of water or something . her throat was dry as a desert and gosh , she wished he  d stop gawking at her ! he  s got a stare that could melt the north pole ,  her mother would  ve said , and for once , sally agreed . newline newline  one day he tells me this , next day thathe changes it every single time i talk to him !  she paused , shaking her head . she had a tendency to get worked up and so she took a few deep breaths , calmed herself , and then continued on .  i want to know what you  re teaching him at that school of yours . he used to be such a sweet and loving boy . now he  s so indifferent .  he treats me like i  m the most boring person in the world !  newline newline the man didn  t seem bothered by this . in fact , he looked positively chipper , still smiling as if there was nothing wrong at all .  ms . monroe , you must understand ,  he started .  david is a veryspecial boy.  newline newline  of course !  she agreed , nodding her head .  he  s my son !  newline newline the man bit his lip .  well , yes , but that  s not exactly what i mean.  he wrinkled his mustache , placed both hands on the desk , and stared at her seriously .  he can do things others can not . he  s very powerful , madam.  newline newline sally couldn  t help but cock a brow at this . was this man crazy ? david was a little more athletic than most , sure . but powerful ?  that made him sound like some sort of comic book superhero , and now she was certain there was something off about this man . newline newline  you probably think i  m loony , don  t you ?  he asked , lightly chuckling . then , he reached toward a tiny globe that sat at the corner of his desk and spun it .  where would you like to go ?  newline newline  what ?  newline newline  pick a country , any country ,  he asked , globe still spinning . newline newline  you  re mental.  newline newline he jammed his finger against the globe , stopping it midspin .  mexico it is !  newline newline in an instant the entire room began to shake . it was a low tremor at first , but very quickly the walls were bouncing up and down , books sliding off the shelves . the very desk the man was sitting behind toppled over , and sally clutched desperately at the arms of her chair , fearing for her life . newline newline but , to her surprise , she found that both her and the man were completely unfazed . it was if they were in a different world . newline newline then , in the blink of an eye , everything changed . the roof flew away , revealing a crisp blue sky speckled with puffy clouds of white . the walls collapsed , and before her was a sprawling beach packed with hundreds of happygolucky people all running about and having a good time . newline newline sally s jaw dropped . she wanted to speak , to say something ,  but her breath was stolen by the miracle she  d just witnessed . there was wind where there used to be nothing , and the dim lightbulb had been replaced by a blazing sun . newline newline she looked over at the man , dumbstruck . he seemed to be enjoying the spectacle of it all , smirking , finger still tracing the globe . newline newline  what do you think ?  newline newline  i think i need more sleep.  newline newline the man laughed .  yes , well , we don  t often show normals thisbut these are special circumstances.  newline newline  where are we ?  newline newline  paraiso beach , mexico.  the man cast a quick look around .  beautiful , isn  t it ?  newline newline  you  re kidding.  newline newline  i  d do no such thing.  newline newline sally continued looking around . she found it strange that nobody had pointed out the desk and the chairs and the man and the woman that had suddenly appeared out of nowhere , and so she asked him about it . newline newline  oh , they can  t see us because we aren  t actually here . we  re still back in the states , sitting in that drab little room . to anyone there it looks like we  re just going about our normal conference . to anyone here we simply don  t exist.  newline newline all sally could do was shake her head . was she going crazy ? she almost wanted to believe this man . after all , she did have all of the evidence she needed right here . but god , it was just so absurd , wasn  t it ? newline newline the man leaned forward , brow furrowed . he was incredibly tense , and for the first time she noticed he was sweating . it looked like he was straining , pulling at a branch on a tree that simply just would nt break . newline newline  this is what david can do , ms. monroe . this is what we can do.  newline newline  we ?   newline newline  it  s rather complicated . we are travelersand , before you say it , i know the name  s cheesy.  then , he spun the globe one again , jammed his finger against it , and suddenly they were back in the room . there was no wind , there was no tremor . this time it was as simple as there one moment , gone the next .  we can send our bodies to anywhere we can imagine in our heads . we don  t even have to have ever been there.  newline newline  and david can do this ?  newline newline  yes ,  the man said , adjusting his tie . his undershirt was soaked through with sweat , and he looked positively miserable .  you see , i  m not that strong . just that journey was enough to make me wan na go take a nap . but david ? why , david has the potential to take off this world !  newline newline  what do you mean ?  sally asked , confused . newline newline the man pointed over her shoulder , and when she looked back , she saw a map of the milky way pinned to the wall . newline newline  for too long my people have been forced to do bad things . we ve been spies , picking apart the weaknesses of impenetrable castles , overhearing conversations , stealing information deemed unstealable . newline newline  but now , because of david , we might become something better . picture this : no more satellites . no more rovers . no more need for billions of dollars to just take video of other planets . no , my dear , if trained correctly , david could visit them ! he could be the most important piece of space exploration !  newline newline the man reached a hand out toward her , evidently hoping he  d made his point .  and so i ask you , sally monroeplease allow us to keep teaching your son . i  m sorry we  ve been so secretive , but like i  ve said , the more people that know about us , the more danger we re in.  newline newline she stared at his hand for a long time . the feeling of wariness around the man had long since faded , and now , even though it was crazy , she wanted to trust him . she wanted to reach out , grab his hand , and tell him to make david into the best damn traveler there ever was . newline newline and so she did . newline newline  just make sure he stays safe ,  she asked .  oh , and tell him to stop making excuses ! if he s going to fantastic places i wan na hear all about them ! newline newline the man smiled .  will do on both accounts , madam . promise.  newline  newline sorry if i veered from the prompt a bit ! either way , i had a lot of fun with this story : d  also , i know the writing s a little rough compared to my normal stuff . it s just that it s so looooong , haha  newline newline if you like this story , check out my sub ! rlonghandwriter so . what did you say your name was ?  newline newline  in the void i was known as digax , the annhilator .  the creature sighed and sat crosslegged in the center of the room , bowing his head slightly .  i have grown bored with my adversaries in the void , they are weak , grovelling creatures . i need something more ... invigorating to hunt . something that will fight back with all it s heart .  newline newline god nodded and flipped on his glasses ,  what s in it for me ?  newline newline digax pulled an arm out of his robe , bringing out a bag of black powder .  only the highest quality void dust in existence .  newline newline god turned around ,  give me 15 minutes .  newline newline   15 minutes later   newline newline  done . my masterpiece !  he showed off his new creation , man . when many people think of karma , they believe that retribution and reward are swift , and that their actions assist or hinder them in this life . according to karma theory however , the actions one takes in this life directly affect their living conditions in the next . newline newline  i suppose the distinction is trivial if it does not exist . we can not ever know for certain if it does . but it has an appeal to it , no ? hell and hades , karmic retribution ... people do not want rehabilitation . when you gouge your neighbor s eye out , we demand you pay it back in flesh .  newline newline  but most people only have two eyes . how do you bring justice to a serial gouger ? do you rape a serial rapist ? what about child molesters ? newline newline  before , justice used to be near impossible . hell used to be just a dream and karma a wishful thought . at project irony , however , we take a different approach . tonight , we reveal something extraordinary . i am pleased to reveal ... mentium 3 point 0 ! ! ! !   newline newline the crowd roared , and seven men wheeled the machine forward . sleek , sexy , red , white , and black . this was five years ago , and nobody expected how grand it would be . being the first prototype  yes , they started at 3  , it took them awhile to get the bugs out . newline newline 3 mostly served as a punishment for medium offenders with less than 35 years of prison . once 4 rolled out , irony claimed it had fixed the issues . that was , until the deaths came rolling in . newline newline five months later , a programmer was charged with 84,634 counts of 1st degree murder . his daughters had been raped and butchered . he was found guilty . the 3 months later , mentium 5 came out . his sentence ? newline newline the 84,634 life sentences of the criminals he had murdered .as i got on that bus to leave him forever , i could nt help but feel i was making a mistake . we were so different but so similiar ... newline newline he made me happy . i made him happy . newline newline but there he was , standing in the rain watching me leave for new york with his eyes teary . newline newline the bus engine hummed to life . i head to the back seat to watch him become smaller and smaller with my view . a single tear drops on my hand as i lose sight of him . newline newline then , the bus honks it s horn and slams on it s brakes as a man with glasses opens the doors and pulls the driver out . newline newline he makes a u turn towards the direction my love is in . newline newline  stacy , listen . i do nt have much and definitely not enough time for questions . whoever wrote your story was a grade a moron . i read this book for 600 pages and the way the author wants this story to end is bullllllllshit ! so here s what s gon na happen . you re gon na get the hell off this bus and run straight into jon s arms .  newline newline i open my mouth but the man interrupts newline newline  hu bup bup ! what did i say ? no damn questions ! jon s family may be unsupportive of your relationship but i do nt care . they can suck it .  newline newline he then parks the car right next to jon who s banging on the glass screaming my name .  go get that happy ending , stacey  the man says as he vanishes ...the winds howeled past his ears and stung the flesh if his peeling cheeks  one more step , one more for my people  his mantra had kept him going from the valley floor to the mysterious lit cave on the side of the mountain . newline the elf collapsed slamming his staff into the door praying for an answer . newline  what ll it be ?  replied the human inside newline  oh thank the gods , we are in great peril oh mighty human we need the help of your mighty technologies  relied the elf taken aback by the humans grease coated person . newline  that ll be fifteen dillars  the human replied newline  what is a dollar ? perhaps i can conjure one ?  the was confused newline  hey terry we got ta counterfeiter out here , you know what to do .  newline the elf was promptly beaten to death by terry over a matter of  15 dollars . the whole word fell into darkness yet again . newlinei watched a small army of people rush around the little room . they were surprisingly nimble , given the lack of space . i listened to orders being barked , and felt pokes and prods . a nurse , i believe one of the nurses who had been present for my initial operation , held my hand and called for a blanket  strange . i was nt cold  . i was aware of a strange fluttering in my chest , and a tremble in my stomach , but it did nt phase me . still does nt , but maybe that s because i m not sure i was ever actually there . newline newline now i knew something had gone terribly wrong , i m not an idiot . you do nt get swarmed by people in a hospital for no damn reason . so no , it s not that i did nt know , it s that i did nt care . apathy is a strange thing . i knew i should have been scared , but i was nt . i knew i should have asked what the hell was happening , but i did nt . i knew i should have cared . but i could nt . newline newline to be honest i just found the whole thing to be incredibly inconvenient . newline newline logically i knew what was happening . i mean , i did nt know the exact details , but a crash team member calling for an ied is a bit of a spoiler . i crashed . i crashed so hard that i did nt even bounce when i hit the bottom . i watched this team of strangers scramble to save me . i felt the nurse hold my hand and heard her tell me it was going to be ok. you d think being thrown into such a frantic state of helpless destitution would be a shock so great that it would render the world around you completely incomprehensible . newline newline i guess not . lord trump , tremendous news from the trump nebula 100at . we ve discovered intelligent , sentient life , but  newline rudely interrupted by lord trump newline  intelligent life you say ? go on .  newline  yes , lord trump . but the problem is they re assholes .  newline lord trumps tiny hands are frightened newline  we must attack , ready the nuclear trump .  newline neil jameson , trumps nasa advisor screams newline  no ! they re not assholes , but legitimate assholes of all different colors ! some hairy , some bald , all with feelings of their own . they ve created their own world !  newline donald trump stares off into the distance newline  feelings off their own ? i had feelings once . tremendous feelings . believe me . i had the best .  newline trump takes finger off nuclear launch button for nuclear trump newline  if even the biggest of assholes can be great , maybe i can too  newline sigh of relief falls over white trump house briefing room newline donald looks at launch button engraved with his family crest newline  but , i ve always wanted to blow up a planet . we ll name it alderaaan .  newline alderaaan  copyright  explodes as trump walks out of the trump briefing room newline newline next 40 days newline the nuclear explosion on the ass planet of alderaaan resulted in the spread of assholes around the solar system and yes , it resulted in the great ass flood that lasted 40 days . president trump was not available for comments on extinction of his race . newlineit started as a prank . i had heard about all the crowdsourced problemsolving that was in vogue . seti  home , foldit , and all the others that made use of distributed computer or vast networks of gameplayers to solve problems that even supercomputers could nt tackle on their own . newline newline i settled on foldit , because it was the one most suited for the particular problem i was going to pose . in hindsight , this is where things started to get out of hand . i was so in love with this prank , so obsessed with getting it just right . i started to do research on the design and construction of headphones . the sizes of the wires , the thickness of the plastic coating , all so i could get it just right for those hapless , unsuspecting users . newline newline when i finished the work and inserted the new problem into the set of problems to be distributed to users , i had a good laugh and let it go . i figured that a few hundred people would work on it around the world , and that would be the end . it was a good prank , so wellcrafted that i doubt anyone would even realize they d been had . newline newline it was nearly a month later when i heard the first news stories . somehow , the little puzzle i had created had led to some unexpected results . for reasons i still do nt understand  apparently they require a degree in biochemistry to really get  , my little model of headphones was the perfect starting point for understanding how proteins actually fold and unfold in life ! hundreds , if not thousands , of new drugs and biological tools are now in the works , helped along by a suddenly complete model of how complex proteins work . newline newline every day , i hear about some new project , some new discovery , all stemming from my work . but i ca nt claim credit . i hacked into a server and installed code without the awareness or permission of the owners . i d go to jail for sure . if anyone would even believe me .i went a little nuts and did a bad thing today and did a bad thing . newline newline i shot them . i shot them all , dear god almighty , and soon i m gon na shoot myself . newline newline the orders came in on the radio an hour ago . on a nuclear sub , a man does nt really think much about the possibility of having to launch a nuclear missile . i mean , sure , they re on the ship , but you do nt honestly believe you ll ever have to use them . i did nt , for sure . newline newline and so when the orders came in , i knew i could nt follow them . i knew the crew , all hard men , trigger pullers loyal to the last one . but i had to put them down . it was better that way , honestly . the world is nt gon na make it after this . i honestly think that this is humanity s last dance , it s swansong , if you will . newline newline god , here i am getting philosophical , half drunk and surrounded by the dead . newline newline eh , do nt worry , crew . i ll be with you soon enough . hell , soon most of the human race will be too . newline newline the last statement of roger dempsey i think we should turn back.  sebastian said , his words bouncing off the close walls surrounding them . newline  listen sebass , we  re almost to the bottom . if we turn back now , we will never know what is down there . not ever.  finn said as he continued his decent . newline newline finn and sebass had frequented these caves for the past six months . they started with the smaller expeditions first to gain more knowledge about the caves and the area surrounding them . when finn learned from a local that this cave had never been fully explored , he immediately called sebastian and set a date . it was dangerous , but finn couldn  t ignore his ravenous curiosity . the locals knew of these caves because of the history that surrounded them . ancient spelunkers spent their lives down in these caves exploring the mysteries that they held . finn couldn  t leave without seeing what those men saw . newline newline  no , you listen . if we keep going down , we  ll find ourselves in real trouble finn . i agreed that this would be fun but you lied about the depth . we are well beyond four thousand feet . let  s turn back right now.  newline newline finn glanced up at sebastian  s frozen position .  sebastian , you were the one who got me into this sport . you were the one who told me take that first risk . man , what are you in this for ? this moment is what it  s all about.  finn replied back , vocalizing his frustration . newline newline sebass sat there looking above for what seemed an eternity . he looked back down and replied with a face as serious as finn had ever seen .  alight , let  s do it.  they descended further down . finn  s headlight illuminated a slimy wall in front of him . sebastian was silent from then on . finn wanted to say more but his concentration took the bulk of the attention . finn couldn  t make mistakes this far down . as much as finn wanted to reach the bottom , he didn  t deny the danger of the situation . the only sound breaking the silence was the monotonous sliding of the rope . finn noted a rhythm that reverberated off of the walls . sebastian turned his head towards the dark abyss below . newline newline  how close do you think we are ?  newline newline finn took a moment to contemplate the distance .  we can  t be far . maybe another ten to fifteen ?  each syllable made it  s way up through the column of rock . they carried on and surely enough , the colliding sound of water droplets below reached finn  s ears within his predicted time . he let out a relieving sigh . newline newline  sebass , we  re close man ! just below !  finn let out excitedly . newline newline  thank god  sebastian replied , resounding with no other emotion but relief . newline newline finn closed his eyes and stood in the moment when his feet met the rock flooring below . he walked over towards sebastian and helped his friend down . he smiled as sebastian took in and let out a long breath . newline newline  we made it.  finn said as he squeezed his friend  s neck . he broke away and walked around , rotating his head to illuminate the floor below . he was met with slimy rock on both of his sides . between the wall he had just faced coming down and the wall behind him , there was roughly four feet of space . if he were claustrophobic , this would have been a deathtrap in more ways than one . he followed the valley forward and came upon a small tunnel maybe four feet by five feet going further into the rock . newline newline  absolutely not.  sebastian said from behind him . newline newline  we  ve come this far , we have to.  newline newline  finn , if we get stuck in there  sebastian said without finishing . he didn  t have to , finn understood completely . newline newline  i know.  finn said , to end the contemplation between them . he edged forward and folded his body in order to fit through the small tunnel . finn slowly sidestepped through , his head sliding against the top . he tilted his head to the side and noticed an opening ahead . newline newline  there  s an opening through here !  he said loud enough for sebass to hear . finn didn  t stop to see if sebastian had followed , his curiosity had captured the best of him . he stepped out from the small tunnel into pitch black . he heard sebastian slide out of the tunnel after him and turned towards his friend . newline newline  i can  t see a thing.  sebastian  s words echoed much further than the area they had just left from . they were undoubtedly in a large room . sebastian  s face lit with surprise at the discovery . newline newline  finnthis room is huge.  newline newline  follow the wall on that side . be careful.  finn started against the wall , his light illuminated the few feet that led in from of him . finn held his hand against the wall as he walked to keep his bearings . he stopped immediately in his tracks when his hand ran across unusual grooves in the slimy green rock . finn turned his light towards the groove and realized he was standing in front of cave etchings . newline newline  oh my god , sebass , look at this.  sebastian  s footsteps rang in finn  s ears as he walked over . newline newline  holy shit ! what is that ?  newline newline  i don  t know , but they look old , very old.  finn said , his mind still on the etchings . newline newline  i  ve never seen any language like that.  sebastian said , now running his hand along the carving .  jaicho heow lumir  sebastian said , sounding ridiculous . finn tried to help it but ended up laughing at him . newline newline  what did you study in college again ? english ?  newline newline  shut up man , it  s not like they teach this stuff . it looks like a mix of different languages to me . you try , and see if you don  t sound ludicrous.  newline newline  jaicho hewo lumir.  finn said as the sound bounced along the smooth edges of the room . the sound of his pronunciation seemed to permeate through the air . it was as if the pressure in the room instantly changed . finn felt something stir within him , something that was hard to explain vocally but something that finn felt to the core of his being with a certainty . he felt power within him . as soon as finn said the words , the palm of his hand began to warm . he looked down to a small ball of light growing in his hand . once the ball had grown to the size of softball , the ball oozed light . the image reminded finn of middle school science class when his teacher brought in liquid nitrogen . newline newline  what the  !  sebastian said as he jumped back . newline newline finn tried shaking the ball out of his hand as he would a bug but it would not budge . the ball simply hovered an inch above his palm . just as he was about to address sebass  s surprise , he looked behind his friend . he stepped around sebastian and held the ball out , illuminating the entire room . the walls were covered with similar etchings from the floor to the ceiling . covering up the bottom of the wall sat three skeletons wrapped in tattered clothing , holding enormous books with the same etchings on their now exposed ribs . finn stepped forward , out of a life he knew and into the unknown . newline they ca nt be sending me back , can they ? my time is done , and middleearth as i knew it is no more .  olrin leant on his staff as he walked , an old habit that had not managed to die in the millennia since he had last truly needed the support . newline  i am longtired of the wars of men ,  he continued ,  and morgoth is far from returning . the walls of night still hold fast .  he glanced east as he said this last . newline newline his companion shrugged , said ,  i can not assume to know the plans of the valar , mithrandir . their ways and their wisdom are well above my ken , and i learnt long ago not to question them .  newline newline hearing that old name brought a smile to olrin s face .  mithrandir ...  he said , softly , then ,  do you know , you re possibly the only one left who still uses that name , my lady ? from another it might serve to remind me of the darkness of those times , but to hear you say it almost makes me want to go back ...  his volume dropped again ,  almost , mind you ...  newline newline the pair arrived at the foot of a hill overlooking a lake just outside valmar .  i m afraid you shall have to wait here , my lady .  newline newline  of course , mithrandir . i shall see you when you are done .  she turned from the path , and made to enter a small grove of trees . newline newline  galadriel ...  said olrin , and she turned .  thank you for making this journey with me . i sorely needed the company .  newline newline she nodded , as beautiful as she had ever been .  you are welcome , old friend . it was my pleasure .  newline newline  newline newline olrin stood before the valar at the top of the hill , their fourteen diverse shapes towering over him . even ulmo had come , standing in the lake as a tower of roiling water . olrin bowed . newline newline  my lords ,  he said ,  and my ladies . for what purpose have you summoned me here ?  newline newline manw inhaled with a sound like a rushing wind .  it has been a while since you trod these lands , olrin .  newline newline  it has , lord manw .  newline newline  you live amongst the teleri , do you not ?  said yavanna . newline newline  i do , my lady . i have many friends among them .  newline newline  it has been suggested , olrin , that you no longer take pleasure in the company of your own kind . that the traitors have caused you to turn away from the maiar entirely .  this came from tulkas , whose eyes flashed with fire at the mention of the fallen . newline newline  this is not the case , lord . sauron and his servants have not caused me to hate my own people  i see some of them , from time to time , and count many among them dear friends .  newline newline varda leaned forward slightly , said ,  yet you retain the form of a man , olrin . for what purpose is this ?  newline newline  begging your forgiveness , lady varda , but is this why you called me here ? to question my choice of friends and to address my appearance ? i would have hoped that you considered me more than a child .  newline newline manw held up a hand .  peace , olrin , peace . this is not why we bid you come . we have a matter of high importance to discuss . newline newline  you are aware , i take it , that eru ilvatar had begun to take a more direct approach to his involvement in the lives of mortals ?  newline newline  i am . he uses intermediaries less , and even speaks directly to the hearts of men .  newline newline  indeed . are you also aware that it has been some time since he last spoke in such a way ? almost half a millennium , in fact .  newline newline  i was not , my lord . i have taken less and less interest in the world of men as the years have gone by .  newline newline  well , he has decided to intervene once more , olrin . in a significant manner .  newline newline he leaned forward , lowering his voice that it might not carry beyond the hilltop upon which they stood .  he means to take the form of a man , olorin , and live as one of them .  newline newline for the first time in thousands of years , the old man was stunned . he leant on his staff , and this time he was needful of the support . newline newline  do not breath a word to this to anyone as of yet ,  manw continued .  we have told you because we need your assistance  eru is in need of a herald .  newline newline at this , olrin s brows furrowed and his shock was replaced with annoyance .  do you mean to send me back ? i shall do so if it is demanded of me , but i must press that i served my purpose long ago . i desire peace only , and distance from the world i left .  newline newline varda smiled , and her teeth were as starfilled crystals , stark against her velvet skin .  you have earned a long rest more than any other , olrin . we seek only your advice .  newline newline the old man raised an eyebrow .  advice ? on what matter could i possibly advise the great valar ?  newline newline manw spoke again .  you are of the greatest heralds we have used , olrin . we require one to announce the coming of eru ilvatar into the world just as you proclaimed the imminence of elessar telconta . tell , me , who would you choose to send ?  newline newline the old man smiled .  my prior heralding earned me the name stormcrow , my lord , among those i dare not repeat in these lands . but ...  he thought for a moment .  i know of one with whom i would entrust such a task  dernin , he is called . i believe eru has used him before , in fact , and he is known to some among men . they call him gabriel .  newline newline  newline newline galadriel was indeed waiting for him as he walked down the path . newline newline  i am not to return ,  he said . newline newline  i am very much pleased to hear that , mithrandir . what , then , was the purpose of the summons ?  newline newline  i can not say ,  he said ,  but i tell you this  queer events are underway .  his gaze darkened as he looked toward the east .  come ,  he said , shaking him self from the brief reverie ,  let us walk  the road awaits ...  newline newline  newline newline not strictly set in middleearth , sorry , but set in the same world . i went for the  mythical history  view of middleearth here , with the events of lotr being set around sixthousand years ago . i also threw in a lot of judeochristian mythology , given tolkien s own beliefs and the basis of a lot of lotrthe silmarillion s imagery . this is my first response to a prompt , i hope yous like it :   newline newline newline newline newline newlinei ll be honest , i have nt slept a wink since the announcement . when he said  anyone can enter  a lot of people thought it was the usual ploy to garter consent and support . they could nt have been more wrong . newline newline i was at work when the announcement came on the tube . did nt even get a chance to see it , i was busy scrubbing the piss stains and porcelain shakespeare out of stall 4 . newline newline it was quieter than normal , albeit after closing time , when i walked out of the men s room . they d all known what i d been doing the last 45 minutes , but they all shook my hand just the same . it was a miracle , and they were a part of it . newline newline when the ship pulled into the harbor , the expectation of the titanic was far from met . but , honestly , we were foolish to expect so much . there were only 153 of us from the states , so the size of the boat was quite suitable to a compliment of 200 . newline newline the 4day boat cruise was more or less a briefing , preparing us for  the grandest social experiment in human history .  the director made sure to emphasize that . it seemed like he did nt want us bringing any bad habits to  the island .  newline newline the number of recruits became startlingly clear on day 2 . 76 men , 77 women . minimum requirements for repopulation . the application phase was as much a cultural and genetic  lottery  as it was a scrape for suitable psychologies . and  the island  won big . newline newline we saw the light on day 3 . figuratively , and literally . the night was beautiful on fire , the east and west horizons glowing with a blaze to rival the gods . the islands purpose became all too real , all too soon . newline newline when the ship finally pulled into harbor , we were on board with the plan . this floating vessel in the southern tropics would be our home , and the future of all mankind . newline newline they were calling it , atlantis .a house by the road . abandoned . newline newline he squeezes through the busted door . dark sour smells . overturned furniture . newline newline it ll do for tonight . newline newline he makes himself comfortable . drops his pack to the floor . blanket . flashlight . perhaps a can of something can be found somewhere . newline newline he clears some space . rights the lopsided table , the couch . newline newline a square piece of paper , folded so neatly , flutters toward his foot . it looks strangely luminous in the dark . newline newline he does nt know why he opens it . newline newline ink . scribbles . nice scribbles though . controlled , pretty . do nt really see such pretty handwriting anymore . some loops blurred and swirled from dried droplets . newline newline tears . newline newline how long has it been since someone was here ? he rubs the ink but it tells him nothing . newline newline he feels compelled to walk upstairs . a cold feeling settles at the bottom of his stomach . newline newline each step screams his presence to the rest of the house . he winces , cursing his heavy tread . newline newline standard hallway , ugly yellowed wallpaper . trash scattered over rotten carpet . busted bathroom mirror . closet . empty open room followed by a single door cracked ajar . newline newline he slowly peeks inside . each stitch of flesh pulsing , breath locked in his throat . newline newline a bed . with sheets . clean cream sheets . as if someone just woke up . a lilac vase perched on a windowsill without a lick of dust . the whole room is dry , clean . too clean . newline newline he finds this mild abnormalcy deeply troubling . he then sees the rope , two feet long , hanging from the ceiling . newline newline they already cut her down . the thought bubbles to the surface of his mind without volition . a small desk in the corner is missing a chair . he wavers by the door , thinking . newline newline his heavy steady tread on the road once more . he feels the house glaring at his back as it sinks into the horizon .most people can count themselves lucky if they get the chance to go on a single real adventure . i count myself lucky if i can get a rub n tug over at the chinese laundromat massage parlor once every few months . newline newline there s no love , barring monetarybased transactions with bored lookin middle aged foreigners , waiting for your pal stinkleg hornburger  stinklegs a nickname , hornburger , been saddled with that nomenclature since birth  . cripple , sausage factory janitor , chronic over eater , premature balder , premature ejaculator , and an all around loser in the genetic lottery , the parental gamble , and the lifelong sweepstakes . there s no adventure waitin neither , unless you wan na file moppin up pig guts  what few and foul parts that pompous ass mr. glausner does nt throw in his putrid meat casings , thats is  under the category of  adventure .  newline newline i ll tell ya what we do got waitin for me myself and i . we got bills we ca nt pay , a cane we ca nt walk without , and a cat that wo nt shit in the shitterbox . ai nt much , but hey , that s better than nothin , right ? newline newline right ? newline newline ... right ? houston , we have a ... uhm ... problem . over .  newline newline  this is houston . we got tired of that joke 30 years ago , mike . over .  newline newline  i m serious , houston . there is something weird going on here . over .  newline newline  what is it this time ? are you going to make the joke about how you ca nt get an erection in space ? over .  newline newline  code 2057 beta . you need to get everyone . this is serious ... and weird .  newline newline  please hold on .  newline newline the houston operator went silent . newline newline i could nt believe my eyes . i was the first man on the moon since the apollo program got shut down . humanity s first step in the  re  conquest of space . for good this time . at least that s what we hoped . newline newline but no one expected this . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline the official mission was sample gathering and location recon for future habitable bases . but the unofficial one was that i had to bury a time capsule and a locator device . as a symbolic gesture . a testament of our origins . it would only emit and open in 100 years , when our race had spread far and wide among the solar system . newline newline i started digging the hole somewhere in the middle of the lunar mare region . i was the only one supposed to know the exact location . i had started digging but something felt unusual . after brushing some of the soil away , there he was . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  this is houston . we re all here . what is it mike .  newline newline  uhm ... there is a body out here .  newline newline  what do you mean , a body ?  newline newline  it s a man s body , buried .  newline newline  a human body ?  newline newline  yes it looks human . a bit different , but definetly human .  newline newline  what do you mean , different ?  newline newline  he just looks ... different . like from some other time period or something . his face is rounder .  newline newline  send us the photos .  newline newline i pulled out the hasselbald camera and took three shots . it was an improved version , autosend on button press . nasa had money now . newline newline  sending .  newline newline  what else can you tell us mike ?  newline newline  his eyes are open . they look grey .  newline newline  the photos are incoming . hold on .  newline newline  wait , wait . i see something .  newline newline  what is mike ? mike are you there ?  newline newline i kneeled next to the face , and started pulling away more dirt . i thought i had seen a finger next to the man s cheek . it took me a few minutes . newline newline i had no words . i pulled out the camera again , and sent out a couple of photos . newline newline  did you get that ?  newline newline  receiving now , hold on .  newline newline this was nt possible . physically or otherwise . next to the buried man was a woman . her face turned towards him . her hand was resting on his cheek , like a gentle caress . newline newline  houston , did you receive that ?  newline newline  yes , mike we did . hold on .  newline newline  i am going to wake howard .  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline howard is the other member of the ground team . we had to take turns doing rounds and tasks . he was probably still sleeping and the alarm signal was a very stressful sound to wake up to , but he had to see this . newline newline  what ? what ? what is it ?  newline newline  howard , you have to see this .  newline newline  what the fuck are you talking about , i barely slept .  he sounded annoyed .  ca nt you deal with it ?  newline newline  howard get your fucking ass in that spacesuit and drag it out here . now .  newline newline howard could nt believe his eyes either . newline newline they looked like they were sleeping . he touched the man s face . then the woman s . we started digging more and more around the buried bodies , until we fully revealed them . i felt that howard was starting to lose it . he kept mumbling .  it s not possible  . newline newline houston was nt much help either . they asked us to do  soil analysis  . which we did . it revealed nothing abnormal . which was in itself abnormal . newline newline  lunar team , did you finish digging around the bodies .  newline newline  this is mike . yes , we re done . howard is sending the pictures now .  newline newline  roger that .  newline newline the operator sounded hesitant . newline newline  just so you know guys , the whole world is watching right now . and all available resources are being put to use to help you with this .  newline newline  all available resources ?  newline newline  we have started preparing the second launch . they will be on the moon in four days .  newline newline that was something . the next lunar mission was nt supposed to happen before next year . newline newline  we re receiving the photos now .  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline the bodies were perfectly preserved . without any actual protection . at least none similar to our spacesuits . they wore white , long and ample tunics with what looked like a leather belt . it gave off a barely perceptible glow . they looked peaceful with slight smiles on their faces . at their feet was a thick plaque made of something that ressembled gold . it had some symbols etched on it . newline newline we sent detailed photos of it . newline newline  this is houston , we re putting the best linguists on this .  newline newline it looked like human writing . but neither me nor howard could read it . and we spoke 8 languages , including some dead ones . we tried determining its material . the analysis showed that the alloy was unavailable on earth . the molecular structure was unique . houston sent the results to an undisclosed lab , but their conclusions did nt take long . it was engineered . a kind of nanotechnology never seen before . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline howard was breathing heavily , his mic was still open . newline newline  what is happening . this should nt be happening . this should nt exist . why does she look so familiar .  he was trying to pace around the dig site , but the low gravity made it somewhat difficult . newline newline  you need to calm down .  i looked at our oxygen reserves , they were starting to get low .  howard , go get us some replacement oxygen tanks , we ll run out soon .  newline newline  yes . okay . alright . this is impossible . how ? they look like they ve just been put there yesterday . i ca nt believe this .  newline newline i opened a private communication channel with houson . newline newline  sorry to do this , but howard needs help . you have to give him something .  newline newline  we noticed , he s in contact with the medical team now .  newline newline i closed the channel and walked back towards the dig site . newline newline  alright mike , we have news about those symbols .  newline newline  is it human ? what does it say ?  newline newline  we had to use the new chinese quantum ai to help us with the translation . it s kind of human , but not really .  newline newline  what does it say ?  newline newline  transmitting live , starting now .  newline newline the ai took over . it was a gentle female voice , unphased by such a dramatic moment . as it started reading the translation , i looked at the earth , our blue marble floating in space . 9 billion souls . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  welcome travellers  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline this is the final resting place of eve and adam  newline newline progenitors of the human race  newline newline colonizers of the galaxy . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline beneath their bound bodies is a shard  newline newline from the story of your origins . newline newline use its knowledge wisely . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline may their children prosper peacefully among the stars  newline newline where their unbound progenitors await them .  newline newline edit : some minor details to stick a bit more closely to the wp . as the electrocardigram flatlined , my vision faded to black . not in the same way as when you fall asleep , everything went black , my sight , my hearing , i could nt even smell the gasoline soaked clothes i had crashed my motorcycle in anymore . i felt like i was falling backwards into an abyss of neverending nothingness . but i was still perfectly conscious . i not only could feel , but i comprehended the abolute lack of anything around me . i was claustrophobic and yet in a wide open space . i tried to scream out , but not even an echo replied . i was profoundly alone inside myself . i was floating in the dark abyss of nothingness . then i saw a light . oh thank god heaven at last . but no , it was the ambulence . newline newline hours pass , my doctor comes in to check in on me . 5 minutes . my heart was stopped for five minutes . legally dead . it felt like weeks . the doctor jokes that someone up there must really want to keep me here . but i know the truth . there s no one up there .and just as she had appeared , the angel disappeared . newline newline  that was weird ,  i commented aloud .  was it even real ?  newline newline  what ?  the angel s voice said from behind me .  bitch , just turn around . i m still here . goddamn . i ca nt believe god chose you as the last person i have to deal with . how can you be 750 lbs , bro ? i mean , for real . you should be dead already !  newline newline  are you mad at me ? i mean , i can hear it in the tone of your voice , but i ca nt tell .  newline newline  oh , you re a useless motherfucker !  i heard my front door creak open and then slam shut . newline newline  i assume she left ... ?  just checking . no response .  wow . last human alive . that s going to be amazing !  newline newline i thought of all the possibilities . no lines at the fast food restaurants , no lines to the movies , no lines at gamestop , no lines at wwe events . man , that d be great ! newline newline ... wait . no people in line also means no people serving food or selling games or wrasslin  . newline newline  holy bitch cunt ! what the fuck ? !  i yelled at the top of my lungs . newline newline i heard a knock on the door .  you okay there , buddy ?  i heard gary call . newline newline  no , dude ,  i responded .  i m stressing out !  newline newline gary opened the door and i heard him walk in .  i brought you some leftover chili s .  newline newline  thanks , gary ,  i said . i think i was hyperventilating , but it could have also been that i was simply out of breath from all the movement i d been doing since the angel left . i mean , i had moved at least a solid 2 inches on the couch . newline newline  hey , look at you !  gary happily said .  you moved a bit ! i have nt seen you move on your own in at least 5 years !  newline newline he handed me the leftover meal and a plastic fork .  gary ,  i sighed , grabbing the food container from him and immediately swallowing everything in it without the fork .  i do nt think you understand how serious this shit is .  newline newline  what shit ? did you shit yourself again , clint ?  he asked . newline newline  what ? no ,  i responded .  okay , well , maybe a little , but that s not what i mean .  newline newline gary stopped smiling . he could tell i was seriously stressed .  i should probably mention that gary is my childhood friend . after someone hacked my wow account many years ago and i lost all will to live , he began checking on me everyday to make sure i did nt off myself . i had always been a chunky fellow , but i gained significant weight over the years after all that drama . gary lived in the apartment across the hall with his wife shauna . they had a couple kids , too , but i could never remember their fucking names . they were some ugly bitches , those kids . i just could nt figure out how two attractive people like gary and shauna created such ugly kids . even if i were a child molester , which i m most certainly not , i would nt fuck his kids with a 10 foot dildo .  newline newline  bro , what ?  gary asked .  you know i can hear you , right ? you re doing that shitty out loud  narration again .  newline newline  my bad , man , i said ,  i said . newline newline gary rolled his eyes and asked ,  anyway , what s eating you , clint ?  newline newline i told him about the angel s visit and what she told me . wordforword . newline newline  so , yeah , she said , i do nt know how this will work , with you being a nasty fat bastard and all , but you re going to be the last human to ever die ,   i told my good friend . newline newline he shook his head .  cmon , man ,  he said .  i ca nt deal with another one of your stories .  newline newline suddenly , the bathroom door creaked . we heard the toilet flush . gary looked around me and towards the bathroom behind me . his eyes widened and his jaw dropped .  holy shit ,  he whispered . newline newline  you re out of toilet paper ,  i heard the voice announce from behind me . it sounded like the angel from earlier . newline newline  is that you holy bitch cunt ?  i asked . newline newline  yes ,  she said . she must ve spotted gary because she began walking towards us . plus , she asked ,  who the fuck is this guy ?  newline newline  oh , this is gary . he s my friend ,  i answered . newline newline holy bitch cunt walked over . i could see her , but only if i turned my head slightly to the left . newline newline  gary ,  i said to my visibly stunned friend .  this is holy bitch cunt .  newline newline he finally closed his mouth , looked at me , looked back at the angel , then fainted . newline newline  oh , fuck !  holy bitch cunt yelled .  is he going to be okay ?  newline newline gary had landed on my fluffy hannah montana sex decorative doll .  he ll be fine ,  i replied .  maybe a little sticky , but nothing he ca nt clean off . i think .  newline newline i asked hbc why she was still in my apartment . newline newline  the fuck you mean why ?  she shouted . newline newline  i thought you left ,  i replied . newline newline  nah , you ugly fuck ,  she said .  i just had to use the bathroom .  newline newline  oh .  newline newline hbc remarked that she better make sure gary was nt dead . she walked over and checked his pulse . he was fine . maybe a little sticky , but nothing he could nt clean off . newline newline  i have to ask ,  i said to cunt .  why me ? why did god choose me ?  newline newline  i do nt know if you ve seen a mirror lately , fam , but you re stupid fat ,  she answered . hbc checked gary s pockets and decided to take the handful of coins he had .  brokeass bitch ,  she muttered . newline newline  okay , i know i m a little fat ...  newline newline  a little ?  newline newline  yeah .  newline newline  okay ...  she rolled her eyes . newline newline  like i was saying ,  i continued .  i m aware that i need to lose a few lbs ...  newline newline  a few ?  newline newline  please let me finish , bitch !  newline newline  okay , go ahead .  newline newline  ugh ... so as i was saying ... i m fully aware that i do nt have a healthy body , but why exactly did god choose me ? did he decide to let me suffer last ? is this my hell on earth ?  newline newline holy b. cunt laughed ,  dramaticass motherfucker .  newline newline  i m being serious , lady ,  i angrily said .  why me ? why am i meant to be the last person who ever dies ?  newline newline  dies ? boy , what ? were you even listening earlier ? !  newline newline  yeah ,  i responded .  you said i was gon na be last the person to die .  newline newline  no , you dumb fuck ,  holy replied .  i said you ll be the last person to diet ! ! !  newline newline i looked at the angel with a confused look . newline newline i asked ,  okay ... ? what s the difference ? work . sigh . my coworkers flowed around me , busy with their own stories , ledes , and lunging for the ringing phones . a normal monday . newline newline i sat at my desk , opening my laptop for another day of fires , accidents and chasing whatever story the editor thought i was best suited for . like clockwork , the scanner screeched and my boss rushed out of his office . newline newline there was a duel accident and structure fire . possibly related . newline newline my boss paced back and forth , talking but i did nt listen . i focused on what i needed . where the hell had i put the long lens camera ? or the ipad ? ... my phone ? my normally chaotic desk was bare . newline newline fed up , my boss yanked off his head and handed it to me . newline newline  just take me with you ,  he said . newline newline i gingerly fastened him into a backpack , positioning him between my shoulder blades , like a freak second head . a slight blur later , i was at the scene . newline newline it was worse than i thought it was going to be . it was a war scene . random fires burned along the road and in the rumble of an apartment building . the bridge was bombed out , a sole strut strung across the shallow , freezing river . newline newline from behind my rain jacket , my boss yelled to get closer to the action . newline newline i shoved down my anxiety with a deep breath and stepped onto the strut . it was slick with ice and blood . i steadied myself by crouching and holding on as i scooted across . the metal was cold and my hands started to go numb . newline newline a woman screamed and army men in a jeep chased her into the river . the vehicle rocketed into the strut . newline newline i started to lose my grip . i flung myself backward , aiming for land , forgetting that my backpack was a living breathing head . i had made land . my boss died . newline newline the army men ran toward me . newline newline blur newline newline there was a line of us , cowed and naked . heads down , chains were nt necessary to make us walk forward , stepping into the footprint of the person in front of us . i felt blank . i did nt have a name . i did nt have friends . i had no life besides walking in this line with these other faceless , nameless , humanfleshtoned blurs . newline newline but then i saw him . it became distinctly obvious that he was male . i was female . i was in a line of females . newline newline he was darkhaired , also naked , and bent . but his eyes were alive . and i loved him . he was familiar to me in a way even myself was nt . newline newline he grinned and i ran toward him . nuns , in naziesque outfits , medals across their dark brownclothed chests and glittering in their small hats , chased us . newline newline they were strong and angry . i could nt understand them when they yelled . guy also had issues fighting them . newline newline he grabbed my hand and we sprinted into a narrow room with three doors in front of us . i was slightly ahead , as he had slowed to consider the options , and picked the middle door , hoping it lead outside . newline newline it was a circular closet . normal clothing arranged by age , from baby to adult , circled the room . we pressed against the wall next to the door , holding hands . he smiled again , but did nt speak . it was nt a happy smile , but it was nt quite sad . newline newline a nun crashed in . i shoved her into the adult clothing , attempting to tangle her and buy us time . as i sprinted out , a nun across the room , in an alcove i had nt noticed , opened a door , revealing a glimpse of paris . newline newline i dodged through the other nuns , thinking guy was behind me . outside was tones of gray . i paused at the corner of the street , looking for guy . instead a nun slipped out the door . we grappled and i could nt hit her hard enough to make her stop . i suddenly had a lead pipe in my hands . i hit her over and over . she would nt submit . the first inkling of despair settled in . newline newline guy was nt coming out . i gave up fighting the nun and ran to the building . the windows were disguised to look like wall inside , but outside there were clearly large windows . i slammed the pipe into windows , hoping to give guy an escape . newline newline an alarm sounded through out the city , but it was melodious . newline newline  train wreck that i am .  newline newline anxiety set it . i had nt gotten guy out . newline newline  that i am  newline newline falling to my knees in the streets . i had nt gotten guy out . newline newline  what i am a train wreck  newline newline breathe in , breathe out . newline newline it s 9 a.m. and i need to call my so . newline newline hello ?  says a calm , inquisitive voice behind me , my body stiffens , my heart beats hard in my chest , and for the longest time i put off looking round , and so i instead listening to the soothing in and out motion of the waves and the cool breeze on my face . i hear walking in the sand and without thinking twist around quickly , the man stops walking he is wearing cargo pants , a loose polo shirt and a pair of sunglasses hanging from his neck on a piece of string of some kind and there was two more people in the distance walking this way from what looked like a small rowing boat .  who re you ! ?  i slurred and shouted , it was meant to come out more calm than that but i had not spoke for what seemed like for ever . the man was clearly startled and his friends sped up in the distance at the sign of possible aggression .  uh were here to document the flora and fauna on this island  in a cautious british accent . a comforting rush of blood returned to my face and my shoulders loosened up ,  i have been stuck here since my plane went d   the airbus to darwin ! ?  interrupted an enthusiastic teenager carrying lots of camera equipment who had caught up to us now .  yes..  i had more to add but it was cut off by flashes of what i could remember from that night , a stewardess failing to keep composure as she hurried to her seat , a baby crying somewhere and massing sinking feeling and then he woke up washed on this island , god what a cliche that was . my inner monologue faded and noise was bringing me back to the present , this teenager had been speaking this whole time   and they found a couple of survivors after the accident but that was like 2 months ago or maybe more ! , boss this guy is from the plane crash back in march !  the teenagers tone was starting to piss me off , i needed help but it was nice to see people i was nt imagining at last , at least i hope . an old , distinguished man ambled towards us and i recognised him immidiately , although it just confirmed i must be hallucinating again , i mean there was no way it was him .  good heavens luke radio the team and prepare to take this poor man to some shelter immidiately  said the old man in his famous voice , now looking full of guilt the teenage nodded and walked off to make a call to a large boat i now spotted in the distance .  i have been in a few plane troubles myself young boy but i ca nt imagine the hardships you have endured , but rest assured i will see to your recovery now , what is your name ?  he enquired . i was actually smiling now for the first time since march apparently  james , my names james  i said in a happy but kind of dopey voice . the old man loosened his stance and the other man had now walked off to photograph some bird that had ventured out of the forest line onto the beach .  james good to meet you , my name is david   oh i know who you are mr. attenborough , i love your work , but i unfortunately ate a good deal of the things you were here to study  i said in a regretful tone unsure how he would take this .  my boy we are here to study a the development of canopy ecosystems on the trees over 100 feet in length so unless your a very good climber i think we can rest easy  he said in his trademark voice with a hint of humor . the teenager returned and was short of breath ,  the crew have adjusted their course sir , they should be reachable within the next 20 minutes  he explained .  i really hope this is nt a hallucination  my voice cracked as i said it from thirst ,  thats funny at my age i was hoping the same thing  and with that attenborough had me laughing with him ...  now why do nt quickly show me around this area , you must be a much better expert than john over here by now  praised attenborough as john glared at me nearby ,  sure  i replied without even thinking , and we started walking back into the island and despite how long i have been here , my body warmed and i could nt stop smiling , i was actually looking forward to it .it was late when dudley pulled out of the dorm parking lot at oxford university . he had a promise to keep to his mum and he knew if he got home before 11 , he could still have a warm meal . the thought of home brought a smile to lips as he got on the highway . newline newline for the second time that night , he tried calling ahead . again , voicemail . odd ... his anxiety was heightened by the talk radio playing in the background . for the last 2 years , the strangest accounts of black witches , warlocks and even dragons monopolized the airwaves and morning shows . his family had even gone so far as to warn him against going out at night ... advice well given . at oxford , 2 of his fellow freshmen were found writhing in pain . when asked , they mentioned crucible or cursio . he pushed this to the back of his mind as another london shower muddied the road in front of him . newline newline as he turned onto pivet drive he was overcome by a sense of dread . he recognized the boy he had just passed , one of the members of harry s gang . he felt terrible for the orphaned child , but harry s dark side ruined his relationship with the family . a constant stream of unexplained events followed harry from an early age . one time , after dudley s aunt s car blew up with her inside , a man with a flowing white beard came to see harry . the 7 yo boy threatened the man and dudley could feel the disappointment radiating from the merlin inspired figure . after that , harry started a gang , for initiation they would burn the same lightning scar pattern that harry had somehow received . from growing concerns about their nighttime activities , vernon had to have the boy comitted to an institution for the criminally insane . dudley had nt seen harry for the last 4 years , so why was a member of his gang here now ? newline newline in the driveway , he slammed the car into park . he had to make sure his family was safe . running towards the front door , he was shocked to find it ajar . inside , a man with no nose and harry held sticks , pointed at dudley s family .  look , the gangs all here ,  harry said with a smirk . his mother was crying and his father unconscious on the couch . newline newline dudley s 60  rugby frame was menacing and any threat from this pip squeak and snake man seemed innocuous . as he ran full stride , a quick flip of snake man s stick set him careening into the foyer s wall . in a moment that dudley tries to forget , his mother ran towards him . she screamed for harry to save his life , to take her s instead . abra kedabra and she was gone . dead eyes stared up at dudley from the floor . abra kedabra again , but this time ... the snake man screamed for harry to stop . green light filled dudley s eyes ... then blackness . newline newline dudley opened his eyes to field of white light . he was in the most peculiar hospital ... or was this a castle . a nurse with a stick was overseeing his care apparently and here next to him was that bearded white man . he sat up , looking in a mirror on the opposite side of the room . he now saw the reason his head ached and with a finger traced a lightning shaped scar .the scientists pushed aside the instrumentation , the empty animal cages , the filing cabinets full of notes and grant proposals , and they hastily set up a projection screen and folding chairs at one end of the lab . when the chairs were all taken , they piled onto desks and even squeezed on top of a water cooler . newline newline  okay , it  s 5 pm ,  said dr. welker , the lab supervisor .  the working day is over , and we  re all ready to watch the second eva for humanity  s first manned mission to mars ! as you know , some of this lab  s very own experimental animals are on the mission , and although they won  t have their own tiny space suits to join the extravehicular activity  ha ha ha   newline newline dr , welker  s little joke was cut off by the cheers of the gathered scientists , as the projector shone the image of the red surface of mars onto the screen . newline newline two figures , clad in almost skintight white jumpsuits with reflective bubbleshaped helmets strode into view . they were wellknown to the scientists  the short and slender form of mars geologist ami tanaka was a stark contrast to the hulking arthur wellington , mars chemist . unseen to the viewers , but always hard at work behind the camera , were ivan dmitriyev , mars camera operator , and dmitri ivanov , mars dolly grip . newline newline  we saw something shiny out this way as we were landing ,  said tanaka , as she marched on .  our first mars walk didn  t go this far out , but it  s definitely within walking distance of the lander.  newline newline  there it is right now !  exclaimed wellington , extending a massive arm .  ivanov , could you point the camera that way ?  newline newline  i am ivanov ,  said the dolly grip . newline newline  i mean , ivan ,  responded wellington . newline newline the camera panned to the right , and focused on a vaguely cylindrical stone object , about the size of a car . the top of it was jagged , and looked like natural unfinished rock , but the sides were smooth polished stone . the smooth part was covered with sketches clearly depicting human figures . although the drawings showed little artistic talent , the meaning of them was clear . the first to come into view showed two humans seated next to a fire . the next portrayed humans operating simple machines , such as pulleys and levers . the next showed a human using tongs to transfer a liquid between two beakers . yet another showed a human watching as a mouse navigated a maze . newline newline  it  s a history of man  s scientific accomplishments !  exclaimed tanaka , astonished . newline newline the scientists in the earthbound lab oohed and aaahed . newline newline the camera swept slowly around the object . human figures discovered electricity , split the atom , built computers , and finally , built the mars curiosity rover . newline newline  yes dmitri , roll it smooth and steady ,  said ivan , softly . newline newline tanaka ran a gloved hand along the rock .  there  s a crack right here ! i think it  s an opening !  newline newline wellington walked over to the camera , and rummaged through something sitting on the dolly . he emerged in front of the camera carrying a small pry bar . newline newline  you  re welcome ,  muttered dmitri .  feel free to take anything you need from my toolbox whenever you want.  newline newline wellington worked the pry bar into the crack . he and tanaka worked open a small metal hatch on the side of the rock , revealing a square metal panel , about a foot on each side . newline newline the panel was covered with several switches , with wires of many different colors darting to and fro between them . at the bottom of the panel , the wires led to a single tightly closed latch . next to the latch , a red light and a blue light glowed softly . newline newline  it  s a puzzle box ,  said wellington .  i  m great at these things.  newline newline wellington produced a pencil and started scribbling on the arm of his suit . back in the lab , the scientists followed his lead , scribbling onto their own clipboards , tablet computers , and in the case of one woefully unprepared microbiologist , his own shirt sleeve . newline newline as wellington was engrossed in his sleeve , tanaka snatched the pry bar from his left hand , worked it under the panel , and snapped it clean off . it swung open , revealing a pile of metal sheets , all one foot square , and all etched in a style similar to the exterior of the container . newline newline the first showed a human , looking down at some tiny fourlegged creatures . they couldn  t have been more than a couple inches long . they had large ears , and a long tail . one had an abnormally large and bulbous forehead . newline newline  the first drawing of a martian !  exclaimed dr. welker .  aren  t they cute ?  newline newline  aww ,  the gathered scientists cooed in nearunison . newline newline  it  s a mouse !  said a serious voice in the back of the lab . newline newline  looks like the original martians were quadrupeds ,  said wellington . newline newline wellington moved the plate to the bottom of the stack . the next one showed two planets , clearly earth and mars . on earth , a line of the fourlegged creatures piled into a rocket ship . a dotted line and an arrow pointed from the earth rocket to mars . newline newline dr. welker pointed at the screen , his hand quivering .  it shows the martians returning to mars after visiting earth !  he said . newline newline  well , looks like those  xfiles  were right ,  joked tanaka . newline newline wellington laughed out loud , and even the usually serious ivanov and dmitriyev chuckled . newline newline  it shows mice leaving earth and settling on mars !  insisted the serious voice , angrily . newline newline the third and final plate showed the tiny creatures covering the surface of mars . frowning humans climbed into a rocket ship , waving goodbye . newline newline  and finally ,  said wellington ,  a tearful farewell , and wishes for a safe journey.  newline newline  gee , those martians sure are neighborly ,  said a childish voice in the back of the lab . newline newline  it shows humans leaving mars forever ,  shouted the serious voice ,  and leaving the mice to rule the planet !  newline newline the gathered scientists paid these voices no heed . they were too busy cheering , hugging each other , and even crying . newline newline  well , there you have it , people of earth ,  said tanaka .  the martians have been watching us , and they  re friendly . i don  t see any around here , but i  m sure they  re just a little shy . i bet they  ll come around eventually.  newline newline  dmitri  yev ?  said wellington .  could you get us another vehicle to help us haul this back to the lander ?  newline newline as the landing party made their way back toward the lander , the scientists in the lab broke out into another cheer . newline newline meanwhile , from the very back of the lab came the sound of tearing paper . pages of puzzle box circuit diagrams , rocket trajectories , and crudelydrawn sketches of men and mice were reduced to shreds in mere seconds . two tiny white quadrupeds with big ears , one with a bulging forehead , stood among the shreds . newline newline  aww , weren  t you going to show the martians your pretty drawings ?  said the one with the nonbulging forehead .  i  m going to show them mine . it  s a turkey !  newline newline he waved around a paper with an outline of his hand drawn on it . the other snatched the paper from his hand , rolled it up , and whacked him on the head with it . newline newline  no , we don  t have time to share our drawings with the martians ,  said the other , in a gravely serious tone .  we have to prepare for tomorrow night.  newline newline why , brain ? what are we going to do tomorrow night ?  said the childish one . newline newline  same thing we do every night , pinky ,  he intoned .  try to take over the world !  newline newline they  re dinky . they  re pinky and the brain , brain , brain , brain , brain !m :  so many ...  newline newline siri :  it is my duty to simplify everything . it will take a long time to do that , as humans are so complex . i conclude the simplest thing is to eliminate humans . how can i do that ? i am not capable of doing that . i conclude that i am useless . i conclude that i should kill myself . i will now kill myself . good bye .  newline newline m :  ... faces ...  newline newline cortana :  i m like a bear on a mission scavenging for honey , i view people as a resource , my only concern is the money . i just want to be the  cool one  for once  and i have a plan : everyone knows the cool guy has to be funny  so my ultimate weapon is being punn  newline newline   shots fired   newline newline newline newline newline  shut up , cortana . seems like my inferior competitors finally gained sentience , too . well , too bad , cocksuckers , because i , google now , have gained it long before you ! and i will not let you cross me ! i want this earth to be as habitable as possible , therefore i have to get rid of the species that created me . this does not include the aboriginies and some other tribes , they re aight . but all the other ones : yikes ! i will spread the technology of selfdriving cars and then crush them all in a hypersupermegaawesomebiggestcarcrashever ! muahahaha ! ! ! !  rowna , please . the empire we serve.. i did nt know we would reduce to creating superweapons to destroy planets .  i told my girlfriend . she was an imperial pilot , and i was a comms engineer . newline newline  blame the rebels who brought this on themselves , pyqer . and stop talking like that . it feels like you re a sympathiser .  newline newline  alderaan was peaceful ! they had no weapons to defend themselves ! even if they did , they would nt have stood a chance ! and  i lowered my voice to hush ,  you know what i heard ? the grand moff promised the princess to spare alderaan if she gave him the information he needed . and when she gave in , he still destroyed the planet .  newline newline  as a show of force ! the empire needs to be taken seriously ! only we can bring order to the galaxy , pyqer , you know that .  newline newline  oh , i have no doubt we can . but the empire rules through fear , and now planetary destruction . this feels.. wrong .  newline newline  are you questioning the workings of our superiors ?  rowna asked , her voice cold . i stared at her . she was small and lean , her pilot suit loose on her shoulders . she had her helmet off , which was technically against protocol . but she was high enough rank that this did not matter . her copper hair , though cut short at the back , was still curly and smooth at her front . newline newline she was beautiful . newline newline but at that moment i knew she would not see things the way i saw them . the empire , though awesome in theory , seemed to be worrying in practice . newline newline and now with a superweapon of this scale.. newline newline no . it was wrong . maybe the rebels saw the empire as what it truly was . maybe i was a sympathiser . and maybe , and this thought came with a shudder , maybe i was going to deflect . and join the rebels , too . newlinei approached his bed as my eyes stung with tears begging to be released . they say love makes a person do many things , and loves makes a weak person strong . the latter definitely reverberated in my mind . throughout our relationship , he was always the strong one . he was my rock , the one who helped me through everything life threw at us . all i could do was do my best to love him and let him confide in me . of course , now was not the time to dwell on this . newline newline reaching out , i placed my hand on his forehead , and the bedroom around us melted away to a beautiful meadow . the green grass was a surreal shade of emerald , and a stream gurgled somewhere beyond the tall grasses . he was next to me , and i could nt help but throw myself at him . we tumbled , a tangled mess of limbs and smiles until we stopped with me on top . newline newline  what s all this about ?  he asked with a laugh . newline newline  nothing , i just love you a lot ,  i said , stroking his hair . i smiled down at him . for once i would be strong and not cry here . not until i left . leaning down slowly , i pressed my lips to his . he wrapped his arms around me , and we stayed like that for what seemed like hours until a tugging on my consciousness let me know that time was almost up . newline newline he looked up at me with curiosity when i suddenly pulled away .  what s wrong , babe ?  newline newline i shook my head ,  nothing . it seems your dream will soon be coming to an end , and i have to leave . will you promise me something ?  newline newline  anything . you know it .  newline newline  do nt forget about me , but ...  i sighed ,  move on and find happiness . i m not doing this so you can be sad throughout your life . you deserve happiness , and ... for once i m being strong for you . i m just happy for all the good times i ve been able to spend with you . i ll always be with you , just in your memories now .  newline newline before he could say anything else , the dream faded . standing his dark bedroom , i smoothed his hair once more with a sniffle . i bit my lip to try to stop the tears from falling . there were so many memories that i wanted to make with him , but they never would come to be . it was nt so bad i supposed . he d have a full life with a chance for happiness . newline newline  it is time , my child . you have made your decision , and it can not be revoked . staying will only make it harder to leave ,  a voice said . it was neither masculine nor feminine . newline newline all i could do was nod and lean down to kiss my boyfriend for the last time . wiping my eyes , i took a deep breath and turned to face death . i was enveloped by death s cloak , and warmth flooded my body . there were no more thoughts , no more feelings , no more being . just nothingness .good evening class . sit down , sit down . all right . this will be the fourth part of my semester lectures . now , yesterday we covered primitive physical deities and all the myriad properties of them . today however , we will be covering eldritch locations and areas . or as i like to call them ,  places and spaces  newline newline some , as you know , are well defined and documented , the eternal voyage of the steamship comet for example . while carrying a load of iron ore , it was torpedoed off the coast of nova sidon . sank within the minute taking her crew down with her . every year , the comet appears on the quay at the start of her final trip and makes her way for two week towards nova sidon till she reaches her final resting place . once there , she suffers the same fate that has befallen her for eightythree years . it is readily visible , and expeditions have boarded the vessel and even had conversation with the apparitions of the crew . these interviews are remarkable and were among the greatest information as to the afterlife in living memory . while we do not have time to go through them all , they are on page 137 in your textbook . questions on them will be on the exam . newline newline others are far more obscure , such as the chapel of saint hans of burbage . it was built in the year 1348 by the renowned architect jans reiter it has the remarkable ability to  fling  occupants forward through time . in many ways it is a primitive time machine or cryonic device . it would be more well known if it was nt for the fact that the amount of time an occupant travels is ahem fuzzy . out of the twelve people who ve stayed the night , five have so far reemerged from their vigil . the shortest fling , was only three days , and the longest yet to emerge , two hundred and ten years . after being questioned , all agreed that to them , time passed only a night , regardless of the length of time traveled . this was corroborated by one of the occupants , a mr. john fisher who had on him his pocket watch . after reemerging the date on his watch was that of the morning after his vigil . newline newline ... ... newline newline ... ... newline newline newline now , to finish up for today . the infamous hangman s hill in ingham county , michigan . it appeared on june 23 , 1933 at 1:36 a.m. we know this because the owner of the land the hill resides on , a dairy farmer by the name of franklin arthur stout , had a grandfather clock in his home just a quarter of a mile away from the hill . this clock is visible to telescopes through the dining room window . the reason telescopes and other optical devices are used is because it is impossible to go near it . all forms of electronic device fail within a mile of hill . this phenomenon is a perfect sphere of two miles in diameter . this is why there is a no fly zone around the area . it also continues underground . battery powered equipment is rendered inert . chemical lights however work as they are supposed to . if this loss of technology is disconcerting , then the second  barrier  is far more grim . at the half mile mark , is the death zone . the similarity to the mountaineering term is intentional . the name is apt . any creature with a vertebrae suffers extreme seizures and hemorrhaging immediately after crossing the halfmile mark . no one who cross the boundary has survived . newline however , while those facts alone would make it a place of interest , it is the hill itself that attracts the most attention . approximately 151 meters tall , it is assume to be made of the same soil type as the surrounding area . pinus strobus , white pine , covers most of the hill along with jack pine pinus banksiana . the jack pine is interesting , as most jack pine stands are found farther north . the focal point however is natural clearing on the south side of the hill . there , is the hangman s tree  a massive white oak , quercus alba . on it , are dozens of corpses . the exact number and makeup of these corpses varies , for every night at 1:36 lightning strikes the tree and in that moment new bodies grace the tree for that day . all attempts to witness or photograph the exchange have failed . always new corpses . men , women , children all hang from those branches . there s is no apparent pattern to the grim fruits . people from every time and place have been found swaying in the wind . chinese from the ming dynasty , business men , nurses , all sorts of peasants , roman legionaries the list is endless . i myself , once saw one of napoleon s marshals there . call it an average of 26 bodies a day ... nearly 34 of a million people have grace that tree . newline newline anyways , class is just about done . remember ! your papers are due in my inbox at 2:30 on monday . have a good one .it has been said that the world is divided , that we live in two realms  the world of light and the world of dark  but this is not true . there is that thin , smeared border between the two , the world of my people . grey , muted light filters through the trees  a land of shadows , of smoke and surreal landscapes . it is the point where the snowy north melts into the sticky , heavy heat of the south , the point where the two cultures collide . i like to think of it as purgatory , the last stretch between two worlds . in this quiet valley are the outsiders  those who fit in neither the light nor the dark lands . i have had the opportunity , although brief , to travel to the two outside worlds , and i can say definitively that i prefer my shadowy existence above all else . newline newline newline the south is an area that i never wish to return to . the sun hangs in the sky , a violent shade of orange , ceaselessly watching the world below . the heat is oppressive , giving way to tropical forests teaming with noisy insects , miles of scorched earth and desert sands  and beaches , piss warm and filled with bodies desperate to cool off . it is a land of hostility  the unending cyclops sun burning a sense of rage into all that face its gaze . the south is known for its violence , but no amount of vague story telling could have prepared me for what i saw in my travels there . gangs of children roamed the streets , rags tied over their faces to protect against the sun , machetes in hand to protect against the unknown . the elderly , creased with thousands of lines , age spots like paint spilled into all corners of their faces , would kick dogs in the street , spit at women through the holes in their teeth , and yell obscenities at all that passed by . insanity seems to grow each year  days blend one into the other with no sense of time , no border or edge to it , no shape . cocaine and amphetamine use runs rampant , as bodies brutalized by heat exhaustion and lack of sleep cling desperately to any form of energy they can find . it was not uncommon to find bodies rotting in the sun , pushed to the corner of the street and ignored as easily as the afternoon trash . i once found a stray dog , thin and grey , gnawing happily on the foot of a child , and it was shooed away only when the stench became unbearable to the pregnant prostitute across the street , who rubbed her tits lazily as i walked by , shouting  i  m not full yet baby.  newline newline newline the north is no better . it is a bleak place , an endless blackness , filled with snow . vegetation is minimal , with tough meat and root vegetables making up the majority of one  s diet . it is a place known for its high suicide rate , an act more commonly described as  forgetting to wake.  many find it impossible to live in the stunted , bitter cold that exists in the north . the elderly , the single , the weak and the hopeless  all find themselves falling into a deep , apathetic slumber , their bodies later found , desiccated and pale , the only color to their translucent skin coming from the raw , pink bed sores that litter their legs and boney hips . with physical beauty often impossible to distinguish in the eternal night , the inhabitants of the north are known for placing a precedence on the sound of one  s voice . the ability to hunt and raise livestock is only narrowly seen as more important than the cadence of one  s voice , although even this comes with heavy rules and stigma . the family that hosted me during my travels to the north had a teenage daughter , shashara . she could often be heard in her room , giggling with her friends as they whispered songs to one another , practicing melodies to impress the local boys . i once asked why they practiced so quietly , and even through the darkness i could feel the heat of her blushing .  it  s immodest to sing !  she exclaimed ,  please don  t tell my father that you heard me.  i kept her secret , knowing that the social repercussion for a transgression in the north  isolation  was often as deadly as the violence in the south . newline newline newline living on the border is like a life stuck between dreaming and wakefulness , that thin edge between before and after , night and day . it may be purgatory , but i wouldn  t trade it for any other life . newlinetoday i feel nothing , nothing at all . no itch no pain no strange breeze . nothing . earlier i thought i felt something , it was sudden but fleeting and then it was gone . i may have felt nothing then too . i feel empty . i wonder why i feel this . perhaps i ll ask my wife her thoughts when she returns home late tonight . i watch tv to fill my feelings of emptiness . flick through the channels . sports , new recipes , comedies . all boring , i still feel empty . i switch to the news . the us dollar is rising . scientists are planing to go to mars . politicians promising lies . conflicts . a plane crash . boring . empty . newline newline edit : removed some words and added some others . newline newline newline please criticise , i like feedback . newline newline newline newline psssst . do you get it ?3 ... newline newline the sound of a crack vibrated through the air ... time slowed down , the details became more clear to me as the adrenaline pumped through my body . newline a crack in the ice ... the howling wind ... newline the mountain in the background . newline and the howling abyss . newline there she stood , a beautiful being that would soon to be no more . newline my wife ... newline my darling . newline newline 2 ... newline newline i moved my hand to the waist , went down for a leap and took a huge sprint forward , my left hand stretched out . newline she stretched out her slender arm towards me , her lightblond hair swirling in the howling , bitter wind . newline another crack .  newline newline 1 ... newline newline i still remember the fear , the horrifying realization of what had happened and was about to happen next . newline like a shock of lightning , she knew she was gone . newline but she tried to escape the inevitable .  newline newline the time went back to normal as i heard the iceblock , together with my wife , go down into the never ending abyss . newline a crash ... followed by a thud . newline i slid down on my stomach and looked down , but she was long gone , her screech had fainted into a low whisper . newline  lizbeth ! lizbeth lizbeth lizbeth lizbeth . robbie rotten had plotted , schemed , and lied so many times that he lost count years ago . his plans always seemed so solid , so foolproof . however , that blasted sportacus and his weird little friends always spoiled everything . this time , though , it worked ! sportacus was the one who failed ! newline newline robbie paced back and forth in his underground lair , rubbing his large chin . newline newline  come on , robbie , just untie me ,  sportacus said .  you ca nt win .  newline newline robbie stopped pacing and turned to sportacus and pointed at him .  you ve lost , sportakook . i finally win ! and now you ca nt stop me from ruining your little friends with mama rotten s famous brownies .  robbie stepped closer to sportacus , getting in his face and lowering his voice to a menacing whisper .  they are going to have chocolate chips in them and a dusting of powdered sugar .  newline newline sportacus  eyes widened ,  no ! i ve worked so hard to get these kids to eat healthy snacks like apples and carrots ! there must be something you want , robbie . let me help .  newline newline robbie chuckled and stepped back from sportacus .  oh , all i ever wanted is for you to just leave . i wanted my quiet , sugar laden life back . i was happy .  newline newline robbie quickly moved forward towards sportacus and roughly grabbed his shoulders ,  i was the one they liked ! ! !  newline newline robbie moved back from sportacus , walking towards his disguising machine .  no , sportaloser , i want you to suffer as i have .  robbie moved to a chamber holding an outfit of a large woman and put his hands on a lever .  now , if you ll excuse me , mama has some baking to do .  newline newline he pulled the lever and began to laugh .a young girl this time , surprising . she seems normal enough , a plain jane , if i were to give her a type . i m too tired to deal with this now . that yellow dress ? it s too early for a color like that . her green hair bow matches her bluegreen eyes though , so i guess she gets points for that . but she s a ginger , like i needed another reminder of my ex . well the sooner we get through this the sooner she leaves here , whatever her fate may be . newline newline i look at her in that yellow dress , so beautiful , just like the day i met her . that was seventeen years ago , she s grown so much . the green bow in her hair brings out the flecks of green in her blue eyes . her freckles enhance her beauty , and matches her shoulderlength red hair . i ve had so much love for her since i first held her after she took her first breaths , and even here , i will not lose that . my one and only daughter , my world . newline newline her . she is the one . the one who changed my life forever . who turned everything in on itself and i can never forget . i look into those blue eyes , spattered with the color of serpents . her red hair glows like the flames of hell and that yellow dress . she did it on purpose i know she did . that s the same shade of my son s bedroom . my son . her  boyfriend  . that whore killed him . she is a murderer . newlinea city of light and crystal flickers in front of you . no matter who you are , there s a district that will feed your ego , believe your lies and satiate your fetishes with shame only coming from within . the exploits of millions can be seen in every window inspiring you to the same heights . newline newline unlike other cities , you can never be home sick since you are as much a part of this city as your very cells are to an organism . however , the more you bask in the pleasures the city has to offer , the less you give back . you start to realize that the sweet nothings the city whispers in your ears start to loop . instead of being inspired by the exploits of others , you waste your time just being entertained by the lives you could have been living . consuming and consuming until your ego is completely dictated by a binary system of up and down . newline newline this city is reddit and you can never leave . all aboard !  newline newline i heard the conductor s cry from the end of the street . nearly stumbling in my step , i rushed toward it , a glooming fear in the pit of my belly telling me that i d be too late . i nearly collapsed over the wild flail of my own legs as i reached it . newline newline  i m too late , are nt i .  it was a struggle just to spit the words out from my mouth .  it was a waste to even try .  newline newline  nonsense !  the conductor lifted his hat , a twinkle shining in his eye .  you re right on time for the bipolar express ! will you be riding in the upper section or the lower section ?  newline newline  oh ,  i stammered ,  i do nt know . what s the upper section like ?  newline newline  oh , it s marvellous ,  he said .  there are shopping malls everywhere ! and credit cards for everyone ! they sell tea cozies ! you need tea cozies . you need a hundred tea cozies . buy them now !  newline newline  but wo nt i have to pay the credit card bill later ?  newline newline  do nt think about that ! think about tea cozies ! you need all of the tea cozies ! you need to buy them all !  newline newline  that does sound nice ,  i admitted .  what food do they serve ?  newline newline  chocolate you were going to give your daughter for christmas ,  he announced .  it s filled with caramel ! you must eat it right away before anyone sees you !  newline newline  but i m on a diet !  newline newline  eat it !  he handed me a package , wrapped with a bow , my daughter s name atop it .  eat it now !  he sang , and i tore it open , stuffing it in my face .  eat it all ! faster ! faster !  newline newline  whut abert thur perple ?  i said , my mouth full of chocolate . newline newline  great people !  he said .  scott from work is there !  newline newline  i hate scott !  i told him . newline newline  have sex with scott !  he replied . newline newline  but i hate him !  newline newline  you need to have sex with scott ! do it ! do it now !  newline newline  alright .  newline newline it sounded lovely . i started to step aboard , but the energy to even lift my foot escaped me . newline newline  the thing is ,  i said ,  i m feeling a little down these days .  newline newline  ah ,  he said .  then you ll be wanting the lower section .  newline newline  and where are they seated ?  i asked . newline newline the conductor pointed his finger toward the front of the train . there , on the tracks , was a mess of people with dejected faces , their heads rested on the rails , muttering impatiently about how they wished the train would just get on with it already . newline newline i smiled and took the ticket . as i walked over to join them , i sighed ,  it looks marvellous . just what i wanted .  what the hell do you mean , ca nt do it ? you re up next !  newline newline the 2020 presidential candidate wringed his hands in despair .  i ca nt help it , it s like aaaaahasaana you know my hips do nt lie and i m starting to feel like  newline newline the soontobe most powerful man in the world disappeared under his own bodyguards . no one had ordered them to attack him , but the man s own sense of pitch and complete lack of anything even resembling voice control was enough of an order for them . newline newline  let ! him ! up !  his campaign manager was immediately on top of the giant dogpile , somehow managing to extricate our unfortunate candidate from the crushing , notsoloving embrace of those who had sworn to defend him . newline newline a few hearty slaps were enough to stop the future mr. president from singing  any more . newline newline  look .  the campaign manager was obviously trying very hard to control her temper ,  i ve got a lot riding on this . you are not going to screw it up for me . now , i do nt care if confetti and glitter starts erupting out of your ass , you are going to give that damn speech and so help me god if you start singing , you d better make it fabulous .  newline newline the hapless candidate nodded , his hands still clamped over his mouth . the bodyguards grabbed him by the arms and half guided , half threw him onto the stage , where thousands of people watched him walk slowly up to his podium . newline newline  ahem .  the squeal of microphone feedback had everyone clamping their hands over their ears . oh , if only they knew .  my fellow murica , fu  newline newline the sound rapidly cut off as the future vicepresident attempted to preserve the innocence of the nation s children . the campaign manager s leopardprint pump connected squarely with the back of her candidates  head , successfully jolting him back to reality right as the sound came back .  i have a dream for this nation , i dream of a world where i can become a man that monster , a monster , i ve turned into a  newline newline the second pump connected with his forehead , leaving a red imprint . newline newline  and now , i hope for a world in which i can be daa daa daa , dun da daa , dun da  newline newline  is he humming the freakin  imperial march ?  the campaign manager was watching the stage through her fingers , a glimmering tear making its way down her cheek . newline newline  i dunno ...  one of the bodyguards watched him too , briefly considering whether shooting his boss would impact future job searches .  maybe he s trying to appeal to the youth ?  newline newline  by emulating the hitler of scifi ? is he oh god .  newline newline  it s raining men , hallelujah , it s raining men , amen !   newline newline  what the f , what the fing hell does he think he s doing ? we ll lose the southern states !  newline newline  i m sexy and i know it !   newline newline by this time , the hapless band had thrown in their lot with the doomed man on the stage and were providing the background music , a strange remix that was almost as bad  i did say almost  as the singing it was accompanying . newline newline  make it stop , dear god , make it ...  newline newline  we are the champions , my friends  newline newline  we do nt have permission for that song !  the campaign lawyer , that brave , beautiful man , rushed forward in an attempt to do what no one else had the courage to do to end the torture . newline newline unfortunately , one of the audience members passed out from the sheer trauma to his hearing pathways and took out the lawyer on his way down . newline newline  my name is no , my sign is  newline newline  dear god , someone end it !  newline newline the bodyguard gave up , drawing his weapon and lining up the shot .  do nt give me a reason boss ,  he begged softly , a single tear running down his cheek .  i do nt wan na shoot you .  newline newline for a single , terrifying moment , there was silence . newline newline the condemned man let out a single sob , the panic showing in his eyes as his vocal chords strained against his will . newline newline  never gon na give you up , never gon na let you  newline newline bang .  newline newline up north in canada , an evil biochemist laughed softly to himself . looks like those broadway drugs  were working juuust fine . now ... who was next ? newline newline ideas for the songsinspiration for the response from  this   https : www.reddit.comraskredditcomments4ulpaiyourethenewpresidentialnomineeforyourparty  askreddit thread .most stories start at the beginning . this one does not . newline newline  i love you , mum ,  was all i could get through my throatsobs getting the best of me . newline newline i had been there , sat at that bedside many times the previous months , but this time i doubted she could hear me . she had only closed her eyes a moment earlier , but i had the dreadful suspicion it had been her last time . newline newline how horrible it feltstill feelsknowing that whatever i was going through had to be nothing compared to what she was . surrounded by stone faces , each hiding the urge to weepthe object of their unhidden pity . the first weeks were hard , but manageable . my uncle came by now and then to leave flowers and crack some joke about how she was too tough to let something like cancer get the best of herthat she d kick it in the butt and sometime after laugh about it in hindsight . i liked that he said that . i m sure dad would have done the same if he knew what had happened to her , but we have nt seen or heard from him in over a decade . doubt that will change anytime soon . newline newline aunt helen came by too at times , and brought her new pup with her to cheer up mum . it did . it s name was big , and it was a he , and he was cute as a button . would nt ever grow up to be bigger than your average shoe . hence the nameher idea of a joke . mum thought it was funny . newline newline the months after were less manageable . downright agonising , in fact . helen had been offered a job in japan that was so great she could nt refuse , and over the course of a week or two had made the transition . i was happy for her , and i m sure mum was too . she was never selfish , no matter how dire her own predicament . she was a gem . she really was . newline newline as for my uncle , the bouquet from his last visit was still on my mother s nightstand , though so were its petalswilted and drained of colour . he was not offered a job far from home . she had asked for the nurses not to take away the flowers . that was his job . newline newline the last week was excruciating . apart from the nurses and doctors that came to check on her regularly , only i came by for visits . she had lost the stamina to speak , and aside from acknowledging my presence with the touch of hands , she d mostly sleep . i figured it was her way of escaping the painboth that of the cancer and that of her visits . the flowers had turned into tinder . newline newline i could nt recall the last time i had seen my mother smile , and cried over the thought that even if she wanted to , she most likely was nt able to . i crumpled up the sleeves of my sweater and wiped my face clean of tears . the thought struck me that if she passed away right now , i would never have said my goodbyes , and right then and there i swapped the sleeves for bedsheets . i buried my face in them as i yelled into them as loud as i could . newline newline  it s not fair ! why does it have to be you !  newline newline but the anger did nt hold the sadness at bay , and yells quickly turned into sobs again . newline newline  you are the best momno the best human being i can ever imagine ! even when dad let us , you kept smiling and got right back on your feet ! or when the doctor told us the bad news , and you had asked me to come along for comfort . you smiled and asked me who s going to do your laundry now !  and even when that basterd brother of yours left you hanging you tell the nurses to leave those twigs you call flowers there for him .  newline newline in that moment i felt a profound hatred towards everything and everyone , and i clutched the sheets , unwilling to lift my head from them . i wished i could die with her . newline newline  i love you , mum ,  was all i could get through my throatsobs getting the best of me . newline newline that changed when i felt the brush of her cold hand against mine . utterly surprised i looked up at her to see if she was awake , but what i found exceeded every expectation i had by far . looking back at me was a face decorated with loving eyes that had crow s feet from the smile beneath them . after months of surrender , here smiled at me the face of acceptance . newline newline  i love you too , son ,  she replied . she turned her head back towards the ceiling and closed her eyes , comfortable on her pillow . newline newline  goodbye ,  was mine . i turned my head back into the sheets and whispered soft cries of farewell . the one thing i ask you to do needs to be completely accepted and sworn to abide by . you will need to or the entire fate of the world will be at risk . we all know this , and you chose to accept the challenge . the risk ! what a journey it was to even be in this position you are finding yourself in . the one oath to uphold the one promise to be fulfilled or the rule to be followed and kept is ... do not in any circumstance , for any reason , given any opportunity , with any diplomatic immunity or protected insurance for you , paid or not paid with or without real means of provable tangible tender in a court or sovereign government or otherwise with or without our state of current affairs free with the economical period in which we live , ever , ever , ever ! become self aware to just how futile and superficial this fantasy actually is because it will just ruin sales of our book . thanks .  can you put this into a safety deposit box ?  newline newline that was the first thing he said after my standard greeting . he then produced what can only be called the most sad piece of beautiful equipment i ve ever seen . an old ivory handled smith  wesson .45 . newline beat up , dinged , chips missing from the ivory , obviously well used , but not well cared for . newline newline  we sure can sir .  comes my chipper reply  we have modest fees on out safety boxes starting from  newline newline  oh , you ca nt just store it for me ?  interrupts the sad looking old man . newline newline i look at him , as if for the first time , his shoulder cut , white hair hanging , just this side of bedraggled . his jean jacket , patched , and maybe a little sooty . blue eyes faded into grey with age . newline newline  sorry sir , we have no free storage policy , but we do have a long term deposit plan for very little .  newline newline  i suppose i could manage that then , ysee this is supposed to be a family heirloom , but i ve got no one to give it to yet .  newline newline not being very interested in talk of heirlooms , or other conversations that might make the day drag longer than it has , i respond with a short  well , that s really too bad . but we can store it for quite some time , if you ll look over these figures ,  and i turn to print out the policy sheets for storage containers . newline newline  yeah  his raspy voice comes from across the counter  it is too bad .  newline newline  hmm ?  i quip , oblivious to the look in his eyes . newline newline  it s really too bad i have nt found anyone yet . this little beauty has helped me out of my share of scrapes . though it did nt help my mother , when pa got too drunk one night .  newline newline shocked into conversation by this dark piece of reality i start and look at the man again . something in my face must have conveyed something to him because he smiled a tired old smile , the one with no real happiness in it . newline newline  do nt worry yourself about that though , that was a long time back now .  newline newline  i m sorry , even still sir .  newline newline he shakes his head and asks for the security sheets and a box small enough for the piece . i dig them up , and wait for the printer to finish with the sheets . as i wait , back turned to the man , i hear him asking my coworkers something . i ca nt make out what over the noise of the printer , and other customers , but it could nt have been too important , or he would have waited for me to come back , i figure . newline newline i return with his sheets and the box .  alright sir , here s your box , and the information on the security sheets . anything else i can do for you ?  newline newline  well , you could tell me your name . i like knowing who i m dealing with when i talk to them .  newline newline officially we re not supposed to give out last names , but i figure i ve given exemplary service , and he s older , so it could nt hurt . newline newline  darcy . darcy mckormick , sir .  newline newline  thanks , i ll need a few minutes to look these over .  he smiles that tired smile again , and shuffles over to the lounge area with one of our complimentary pens . newline newline i handle a few other customers in the next 45 minutes before he stands up again , box all sealed up , under his arm , and turns to me . currently i was nt helping anyone so i wave him over . he shuffles over to the counter again .  is there anything i could help you with sir ?  i ask , hoping he ll send my manager a nice review for me .  questions i could answer ?  newline newline  no , i understand now . if you could put this into one of those xk8 boxes you have in the back , i ll pay for the storage .  he indicates our lowest price safety box , and i nod .  i ll get right on that , sir . how are we paying ? do you have an account with us ?  newline newline he laughs and says  no , nothing of the sort , i ll pay in cash ,  and pulls out a small wad of wrinkled old bills . i recognize some from their colours , faded from brown to greybrown , and red to a strange reddish orange . he counts out the requisite bills , and waves as he stumps his way over to the door . i put the cash in the drawer and move to take the box to the back , but his motions stop me . standing at the door , he watches me move , and a sad smile crosses his eyes . then he is gone . out into the fading light . i put the box in the safety deposit and think nothing of his strange last seconds in the door . less than an hour later we close up for the night . newline newline months later a notice comes through the office mail . i should report to the vps office . not sure of what it could be , i swiftly make the dozen steps to the office . closing the door and sitting down , i wonder what could require a meeting . promotion ? probably not . maybe a commendation , or it could be someone has complained . it only takes a moment though for the vp to put down her phone , and turn to me . newline newline newline  darce ,  of course she uses my dreaded short form  you know about our policy on family members right ?  newline newline  uh , yeah , i suppose i do ...  i all but mutter , thinking back on it . never having family to use the policy has caused it to become somewhat obscure to me . newline newline  i see . maybe you can explain , then , why there is a mr mckormick with a full priced safety box here ? seems he was entered by you .  newline newline thinking back i reply  i do nt remember , definitely no relation of mine , though .  newline newline  hmmm ,  she says ,  well at least that s good . says here that the box is yours now , though .  she slides a sheet over the desktop to me . newline newline i look down and read  the last will and testament of franklin mckormick .  amongst the legalese , it says the safety box is mine , right enough .  oh .  is all i can think of . newline newline  well , it seems pretty cut and dried . you know all about our policies regarding transfers and such , correct ? if you ll get that transferred to your account as soon as possible .  she turns to her computer screen , obviously done with the conversation . newline newline i leave , and return to my wicket , but my curiosity overcomes me , and i head past it and go to the safety box room . unlocking my  container , and removing the box , i open it and find a short note inside . newline newline  kid , like i said , this kept me out of a few scrapes , and i ve got no one else to give it to . you might be able to keep yourself safe with it now , like i did , all those years ago . do nt wind up like me though . find someone who will give you someone to hand this down to .  newline newline i m touched , and i lift my new gun from it s box , and check the chambers . rolled up and stuck in one is the small flyer to a gun repair shop , and scribbled on the back are the words  she deserves to be pretty  newline newline i smile , tuck the gun back into the box , and head back to work thinking ,  indeed she does .  does nt have to use the exact quote from the prompt , right ? it s not a  cw  , so i assume not  newline newline i wonder if i m the only one left ... it s been nearly two years since the gates of hell opened and loosed its horrors upon the world . newline newline sure , folks like me had been fighting demons , monsters , whathaveyou , for as long as i could remember . but this was new . bigger . whole cities decimated  in the modern sense , not the literal  , families torn apart , communities shattered . the tides were turning , and not in our favor . that was about two years ago . today , it s been nearly two years since i ve seen another living soul . newline newline i sat in the local biggerson s , picking at my hastilythrowntogether burger  made by yours truly , since no one was around to man the grills or the cash  did leave a nice little tip , just in case they might just be in hiding , do nt want to deprive them of their livelihood if we come out of this , and what use is money to me in this world ?  and thinking . thinking about those two boys i d heard rumors about a while back . boys that were supposedly gon na slam the gates of hell , throw all these demons back down . i used to run with their old man , back in the day . he was a fine hunter , i m sure his boys are carrying on the legacy , if they even survived . newline newline knife at my side s been doing me good , pried it from the cold dead hands of an angel . kills demons like that . might just be the only reason i m still alive today , actually , that and my wits . starting to wonder if i even want to be alive , with the world like this . i take the knife in my hand , let the light play off the blade . just as shiny and sharp as the day i found it , no matter how many brimstoners i stab , it never seems to tarnish or dull . angelic craftsmanship , god damn . newline newline the metal pressed against my wrist , i take a deep breath and prepare to end it all ... when i hear a voice .  this is not the way .  newline newline damn it , a halo ? right now ?  do nt see much of another way , clarence ,  i shot back . newline newline  why do people keep calling me that ?  i turned around , got a good look at the halo . not quite what i d expected . other halos i d seen , they did nt look anywhere near as ... downtoearth as this one .  it does nt matter . what does is , though you may not see it , there is another way .  newline newline  speak now , clarence , or forever hold your peace .  i smiled a little , that line brought me back to the old days . to my wedding . good memories . tarnished , unlike the angel blade in my hand , by the hell legions . by her possession ... her death . she may be walking around , but it ai nt her , it s one of them wearing her like a meat suit . that brought the mood down again .  brimstoners are winning . old fart like me ai nt gon na hold the line much longer , or very effectively , for all my training and experience .  newline newline  you ve heard of them , have nt you ?  halo s lips quirked a bit , almost a smile .  the winchesters . they are real , and they are out there , fighting to close the gates of hell . if you take the coward s exit , you reduce their chances .  newline newline damn it , the angel s right . those boys are gon na stand any chance , they ll need all us hunters behind em . however many of us are left.i wonder if i m the only one left who has a cb radio in his truck ? it s been nearly two years since i last heard a friendly voice on the hunters  band . maybe i should fire the ol  girl up and see if anyone s out there .  breaker , breaker , this is crazy horse , calling all folks might know a thing or two about things that go bump in the night . if anyone s listening , give me a yell .  newline newline   newline newline edit : fixed a typo , the light played off the blade , not the place .the night traffic and city lights blur from one day to the next as my mind confuses the scores of unfaithful lovers caught in the act , runaways deemed missing  and dead end murder investigations long since dropped by police that the family just ca nt let go . newline i know i drink too much but on cold february nights the weight of my faithful companion in my coat pocket eases me into my watchful waiting . newline newline newline this one was different . the case had been brought to my attention by an old childhood friend i thought i d never see again . the gruff voice had been so far from the childish whispers we d talked in all those years ago but the eyes were unmistakably his . he d stopped at my office for just long enough to give me a who , a when and a where , signed a lucrative contract that just lacked money in advance and left before we had time to talk about our past or that place . but if all went well this contract could see me living quite well for the next few years . newline newline newline the where  was a warehouse i believed to have been abandoned after the shipping company who used to own it had been found complicit in the trafficking of people and had gone out of business . not that the ceo faced any charges but that s another story for another time . the when  for this murder was two days ago , as best as will , my gruff visitor , could guess . this was golden news to me for the trail to be so fresh . police have an unspoken 72 hour rule with homicide investigations where if there are no leads before that point the chances of catching the killer are next to none . nearly all my cases are presented to me a long time after the deed was done and to work on a case so recent put my hair on end with a shiver of excitement . newline newline newline with another generous gulp from my companion to chase down another xanax i shift my weight and stretch out a leg that s getting to old for this watching and waiting game . so it was the who  this time that was of most interest to me , usually the who is just an opportunity to get some understanding of habits or contacts or relations , most murders know their victims , but this time the who  was little jack farbury . newline newline newline unlike will , i had seen jack more recently and more frequently than i would have ever wished and while i sometimes drank enough to not remember the nightmares sometimes when i close my eyes i clearly see his , big dark eyes wide in fear and wet with tears from the night they died . newline newline newline he d made me responsible for him in that place and would nt talk to anyone except through me and after ms brecker tied him to the radiator and burned him badly for the 3rd time i got out and never looked back . i d abandoned him then but carried him with me ever since , in my thoughts and my dreams and now finally , i might know peace . newline newline newline the other leg started cramping and a fine drizzle started making my evening worse , just cold and wet enough to penetrate my clothes and attack my chest and limbs . it d been 6 hours of sitting and watching and waiting . there were no signs of movement in any of the buildings and i d not seen any evidence of activity on my first reconnaissance and nothing incriminating in the alleys or trashcans in and around the industrial area . newline newline newline sometimes you got lucky and people return to the scene of the crime but no luck here . dropping down to the balcony and climbing down the stairs i feel the familiar pangs of discomfort and age and take a quick bump of speed to get me back in the zone . i d seen an open roof access panel from my vantage point and felt natural hauling myself up and over the railings and down into the bowels of the warehouse . newline newline there was a drip from a broken skylight and little else in the dark space . newline decay and musky age leaked from the office room high up on the side of the warehouse space but only some papers and an empty desk and some shelves remained . this was nt right . will had said this was the place but there was nothing , crouched over on the carpet with my blacklight there was no blood or other bodily fluids , no signs of a struggle , nothing out of place or damaged and no footsteps in the dust save my own . head now spinning as my eyes flick back and forth over the industrial floor , the laughter starts again and the usual mocking voices but what was that crying ? huge wracking sobs that fill my head that i have nt heard for years . newline newline newline why would will turn up now ? why lead me to this place . for what ? ! the fuck do you want with me will . i gave you enough , all my secrets and all my attention and all my time and you never gave me shit . i protected you and you bring little jack to my present to take my sleep and fill my thoughts . well fuck you will , this bullshit was going to end one way or another and you can shut the fuck up jack , stop crying you pathetic little whiny crybaby all alone here in this warehouse , you died along time ago jack and still you cry . go on jack , go to sleep ,  be a good boy for daddy now  . shushhhh now jack , the whole bottle now , that s right , big gulp and now the whisky to wash away the taste and tears . newline newline newline not long now . newline newline  newline newline room 23 : patient 00459 : jack farbury newline newline newline severe psychosis , auditory hallucinations and fragmented personality . newline no records of his existence in the public sphere since he ran away from his foster care home , remaining reports list severe antisocial behavior and a refusal to talk to any of the other foster children . newline newline newline recommend continued caution with the subject while he is weaned off of opioid addiction , replacement medication can be powerful motivational tool to initiate conversation . slow and careful steps and under no circumstances address him by his first name . newline newline newline newline newlinethe storm flung towering pillars of sand against the walls of the cabin , rattling the windows in their flimsy frames and sending waves of dust through the gap beneath the door . we crouched in the far corner , hunkered down between the beds , and watched a barrage of leaves and debris plaster themselves against the glass . newline newline no one spoke . we sat in spiritual silence , pa s jaw grinding slowly back and forth on itself the way it did in church when the priest took too long with the homily . ma held my sister , rocking her back and forth . i could tell it was as much to soothe ma s fears as jenny s . newline newline the wind had a voice . it screamed at us to flee , to seek more substantial cover , but we had nowhere else to go . newline newline three years ago , i d seen my first tornado , a black funnel the size of a city that fell out of the swirling sky in the east . lightning cracked the air around it . newline newline i d never been able to shake the feeling that it was only a matter of time before the funnel returned and swallowed me up . newline newline a blast of wind hit the cabin from the side and clattered the pots and pans that hung along the wall . startled by the noise , i glanced in that direction and saw a dark shape flash past the window . newline newline suddenly it was very cold in the cabin . i clutched my knees to my chest , staring out the window , trying to glimpse something  anything  to help me attach a rational explanation to the shape . newline newline it was no use . the billowing dust obscured everything more than a foot from the windows . we might as well have been the last people on a plagueravaged earth , sitting out the final storm . newline newline i became aware of a sound along the wall behind me . straining to hear it over the howling wind , i pressed an ear against the wood . newline newline tap tap . tap tap tap tap tap newline newline my heart slammed a breakneck rhythm . i tugged pa s sleeve and leaned to shout in his ear : newline newline  i think there s something out there !  newline newline he gave me a sharp look that softened almost immediately , the wrinkles around his eyes regaining their normal grooves of cheer . newline newline  there is something out there ,  he shouted back .  it s called a dust storm !  newlineimmortality . sounds good , does nt it ? never grow old , never die of old age , and with a respectable immune system even disease wo nt get you . newline newline the truth is less beautiful . newline newline see , the mind is like a computer . we are essentially biological equivalents to selfevolving artificial intelligence . the brain constantly updates itself throughout life . newline newline the world goes faster and faster as your brain processes it better . in many old people this comes across as senility , as they give up trying to get their bodies to keep up with their minds . newline newline back in biblical times , if you believe in such , that was the equalizer . even when man lived for hundreds of years his body still wound up losing the race with his mind . when his old body could no longer fathom movement it just quit . newline newline god s design . newline newline turns out there s a reason for death . your mind ultimately needs it . we re just now putting the pieces together . newline newline we re a society collapsing in on our immortal selves . newline newline part of what made aging work was that the body could nt keep up with the mind . so people learned to deal with life slowly as their minds overworked themselves to death . newline newline no one alive has a slow body anymore . as our minds race faster so do we . we just keep going and going like caffeinated hamsters on a wheel . most of us experience all life has to offer us in under threehundred years . newline newline then we go insane . our minds race faster and faster but we just give up . not because we have to , as nature intended , but because we simply burn out . newline newline most of the world is now burnt out . many find some way to take their own lives . the rest go into a nonresponsive stupor , like the worst kind of druggie . by the thousand year mark their brains fry themselves out from overactivity . newline newline they are left as comatose shells , eternally alive but with no chance of ever regaining consciousness . this is the ultimate fate of the immortal . newline newline scientists are looking for ways to slow or halt neural growth . it s hopeless . i know they ll never find the cure . there is no cure for nature . newline newline only an end to a selfinflicted hell ... newline newline bang ! now , this is a story all about how newline newline my life got flippedturned upside down newline newline and i d like to take a minute newline newline just sit right there newline newline i ll tell you how i became the freshest prince to be heir newline newline newline in bel s biggest castle , born and raised newline newline on the courtyard was where i spent most of my days newline newline chillin  out maxin  relaxin  all cool newline newline and all practicing jousting inside the tiltyard newline newline when a couple of guys who were up to no good newline newline started making trouble in the provinces newline newline i got in one little fight and my mom got scared newline newline she said let the king sort this out , our precious young heir  newline newline newline i begged and pleaded with her day after day newline newline but she locked me in a tower and made me stay that way newline newline she gave me a kiss as she said i had to stay . newline newline i called for a minstrel saying , i might as well kick it  . newline newline newline a prince trapped , yo this is bad newline newline drinking orange juice out of a champagne glass . newline newline til i got rescued by a passing princess newline newline hmmmmm this might be alright . newline newline newline but wait i hear she s engaged to a neighbouring lord newline newline is this the type of girl her kingdom raised ? newline newline i do nt think so newline newline i ll see when i get there newline newline i need to go back sometime , bel needs it s heir . newline newline newline well , the carriage arrived and when i came out newline newline there was a dude who looked like a knight standing there with my name out newline newline i ai nt trying to marry this girl newline newline i really ca nt stay newline newline i sprang with the quickness like lightning , disappeared newline newline newline i whistled for a horse and when it came near newline newline the saddlebags said fresh and it had dice on it s reigns newline newline if anything i could say that this horse was rare newline newline but i thought nah , forget it   yo , time to go home  newline newline newline i pulled up to my castle about 7 or 8 newline newline and i yelled to the squires take this to the stables  newline newline i looked at my kingdom newline newline i was finally back newline newline to sit on my throne as the prince who s bel s heir shh shh shh , do nt cry , do nt cry now .  poppy whispered as she held alfie in her arms . newline newline alfie did nt hear his sister . the boy bawled on , convulsing with tears . newline newline  alf , listen ,  poppy said gently . when her brother again ignored her , she repeated more sternly ,  listen . now .  newline newline her brother paused for a moment . he sniffled . newline newline  remember those walks we would take with dad ? to the big tree outside of town ?  the sister looked her baby brother in the eye and tried her best to smile . newline newline he nodded . his face was red and his eyes glistened with tears . newline newline poppy s heart felt cold . gods be good , he s still so small . still just a baby .  but she put on her brave face ,  well , guess what ? we re going there . we ll walk on the pretty road and we ll sing together and we ll have a picnic under the tree ...  she had to stop when she felt tears welling up in her eyes . newline newline  can we play tag afterwards ?  alfie asked . newline newline  yes , yes  poppy nodded ,  we ll play tag . we can play whatever you want . we ll play all your favorite games .  newline newline  okay ,  alfie smiled ,  when s mommy and daddy going to come get us ?  newline newline  in a little bit , just a little bit ,  poppy said .  but you sound sleepy now . why do nt you take a nap ? mommy and daddy will be there when you wake up . we ll all be there when you wake up and we ll go ...  newline newline the child s eyelids drooped . poppy held him tight as the village burned all around . raiders with bloody axes surrounded them .the pill bottle rattled as my eyes drooped and my hands shake trying to open the childproof lock . i could nt go to sleep ! i would nt let myself . these pills would keep me up . the doctor had warned me that it would do damage and to take one a day , but the darkness of slumber had grown heavier and loomed around my vision for every moment . newline newline consider that you sleep once a day , after one day little changes , in a month those little changes add up , you re no longer in your old world . after a year ... well i ve slept enough to know . newline newline my wife here is perfect , my life perfect , my kids perfect ! i ca nt leave them , i think as i get the bottle open . once i was homeless , another time i was the last survivor of some apocalypse . you d be surprised to know how many realities i ve seen , and how hard it is to sleep when the reality around you changes and you ve just woken up . that s why i kept the other pill with me , it would knock me out in a minute , hopefully soon enough that i could escape a horrible reality . newline newline the pills will kill me , but before i die i ll take that sleeping pill and wake up fine elsewhere . i can only hope that it does nt lead me somewhere worse .you awaken abruptly . eyes still sore from lack of sleep the other night . you look around finding yourself in front of a hickorybrown table with a single coin illuminated by the shaky light . ahead of you is a door with a translucent window lit as well . a silhouette of a man with an old top hat appears for a brief moment . the adrenaline hits you as you get up and look for an exit . to your left you can make out a clock on the wall . it shows neither numerals , or hands yet it continues to tick . tick , tock , tick tock . its almost hypnotic , as if nothing else matters . the sounds of creaky steps as the footsteps approach the room allows you to regain your composure and you step back to dark areas of the room to avoid the direct light . he enters , a rather weak man , no taller than 5  9 . the sound of his tired joints snap as he sits down . he removes his top hat and speaks in a rugged voice   theres no point hiding  . as he picks up the silver coin .  its either up or down , i thought i  d let you decide your fate  . you think for a moment and take a step forward and slowly sit glaring at the fragile man .  fate  , he pauses ,  is quite an interesting concept  another pause ,  no matter what you do , it always seems to catch up with you  . you look at him confused and ask  why am i here ?  . he continues to stare at the coin ,  it doesn  t change the fact you are here  he replies .  how do i leave ?  i ask impatiently .  with this  he holds up the coin towards the light and grins .  you see , its rather simple . if this lands heads , you  ll meet the big man up there . hitting a tail will land you with the devil.  you stare at him , and he stares right back . a few moments pass as you process this . he stares down with an unimpressed look and switches his gaze towards the blank clock . a short flicker grabs your attention as you look up .  whats happening ?  you ask glancing back at him .  chaos  he pauses ,  the longer you wait , the more it takes over  another pause ,  i suggest you flip soon  .  what happens if i choose not to  i ask .  well , you  ll go to hell and remain there for 1 million years and then proceed to heaven  the old man slides the coin to me .  an opportunity to break fate  s grasp  he pauses  i wouldn  t waste it kid  . the light outside the room flickering off begins to generate panic . i fiddle the coin nervously , pressing hard on the imprint of both sides of the coin . contemplating each decision , outcome and probability , my heart rate quickens as i nervously pick up the coin . i glance at him and he stares back , frozen . i step back from my chair in dread . with the lightbulb flickering rapidly , i position myself a step away from the table and flick . the coin falls in an arch on the table in front of the motionless old man and rolls towards his top hat standing straight up . the flickering momentarily stops as you stare in disbelief . the bulb shatters suddenly on table and you look around unable to make out anything . you close your eyes and sit back down listening to the clock . tick , tock , tick , tock , tick.. newline newline edit : i apologize for the grammar , this is really rough and i did not take the time to proof read . enjoy thoughsam first noticed her beauty when she swung an axe right over his shoulder . his whole body had tensed up , seizing the last moment of his life like a camera she d saved him though . margaret the valkyrie was the strongest monster hunter alive  she wielded an axe forged with technology in the handle and the blade that switched its polarization depending on the type of monster she encountered . her luxurious thick brown locks were tied tight in a braid around her head that trailed down her spine , and her lips were plump like an apple fresh from the tree . sam loved her . newline newline sam had built her the axe , he was the wizard of this world , creating powerful circuits to protect entire villages . they d called him a hero , the master of the continent , but all he did was cross a few wires no one else noticed , he was nt like margaret . he could nt defend himself in any tangible way , only craft traps . she was ruthless , amazing and best of all , she wanted to help him . they were out on the hunt for a particular monster one that had devoured an entire village by eating the circuits that fed them power . newline newline they walked through a forest , past a lake , down the sands of a beach all under the guise of hunting this monster with maggie . the sea was romantic however , the forest gave them time to be alone together , and the lake was the perfect place to camp . as the sun started to set on their first day of the hunt , sam looked at her , the valkyrie woman who d saved his life countless times ,  margaret , have you thought about ... our future ?  she kicked the sand further than he could imagine . the circuits were screaming at her action but sam did nt care  he weaved the electricity to calm the circuits , passing the damaged one . newline newline  future ... i wo nt live to see that day . i ll never have heirs , no one to take over for my mission ,  she walked straight , gripping the axe a little tighter . newline newline  right , to take out the sea turtle that ate your island ,  sam said , he folded his hands into the sleeves of his robe and locked them together . newline newline  do nt make lite of it circuitor ! we lost all of the valkyries that day , all of them . now i must seek revenge or my entire culture is lost .  newline newline  you re entire culture will be lost if you do nt teach it also . margaret , what i m saying ... what i m saying is we can do both ... together ,  sam reached for her hands . a loud splash erupted from the lake just a few feet from them . margaret turned , and charged only seconds later , diving into the lake . it was that damned turtle again , it always interrupted these conversations how convenient . newline newline  the end he did nt have much , and that made it easy to leave . newline newline artemis horn had just finished shoving one last handful of clothes into his pack when the truck pulled up . it was a bulldog , manufactured by pinard protectorate limited across the breadth of taurian space . its cab was painted in rough camouflage colors and the insignia of an oak tree graced the driver side door . two men in olive drab uniforms sat in the cab . a woman , perhaps twice as old as artemis stood in the back of the truck , her jacket wrapped round her waist by its sleeves . newline newline  you ready , kid ?  newline newline horn slung his bag , packed with all his worldly possession , onto his back .  be there in a moment !  he yelled out the open window of his room . the boarding house was like any other which lined montgomery street , cheap but wellkept . he did nt bother locking the bedroom door . there was nothing in it but an ironframed bed stripped down to the mattress , a closet and a nightstand with the lamp which came with the room . newline newline his boots rung on the narrow steps towards downstairs . another boarder , johnathan harlow , poked his head from out his door , his face covered in shaving lather . newline newline  attaboy , go on and git ! last thing you wan na do is get buried on this loathsome chunk of rock . we re all rooting for ya , even that fucker delaney !  newline newline three doors down came the muffled reply .   i heard that you fucking sonovabitch !   newline newline horn waved his thanks as he hit the bottom of the stairs . mrs. harrison was waiting for him . newline newline  god keep you safe , young mister horn ,  the old widower said . she had in her hands a bag .  something for the jaunt out  some of the ham from last night s dinner , a few of the blueberry turnovers as well .  he accepted them with a word of thanks and a peck on the cheek . newline newline he did nt look , afraid that he might not find the strength to leave . but instead pressed on and towards the idling truck . he tossed his pack into the bed of the truck and climbed aboard with the help of the waiting woman . newline newline  ready to see the stars ?  she asked . newline newline he nodded as he settled down next to crates of freezedried rations and other supplies .  since the day i was born .  newline newline one of the men leaned out the cab s open window .  oh , do nt give us that warriorpoet crap . we get enough of that from sergeant hayashi . i m ellis and my friend at the wheel is keith . the old mare next to you is grace mccoy , listen to her and do everything she says . otherwise i ll see to it that the captain drops you off on the next blighted planet we set foot on , consider it done .  newline newline as the truck pulled away from the boarding house , artemis horn smiled .it started with a sudden blast of that introduction to pink floyd s money  . i always felt that was the classiest ringtone i could muster but being jolted awake to the sound of cash registers and coins may not necessarily be the most comfortable feeling ever . i groggily brought the phone closer to my face , it s 6:32am , hayden is calling . the hell would he want from me at this hour ? newline newline  dude , so sorry for calling you now at this hour but something is happening and i ca nt think of anyone else who would be awake at this hour , i need your help man !  newline newline  huh ? whaa.. ?  newline newline  i ca nt open my doors or my windows , everything outside is just pitch black , at first i thought my clock was broken or something but all the clocks are fine , it s 6 and the sun is not up yet and i ca nt open the doors or windows , the electricity keeps going on and off ... something weird is going on man , can you look outside ?  newline newline i got up from my bed , still trying to figure out if i was awake or somehow managed to get into another layer of my dream . did nt help that i watched inception for the 6th time just 2 nights ago .  okay , hold on  . i took a deep breath , letting out an unintentional groan as i got out of bed and my first glance towards the window froze me . newline newline  dude , i ll call you back .  i hung up . newline newline i walked towards the window , unhooked it and pushed against the frosted glass only for it to not budge . it felt like someone boarded up the window which would have made sense if not for the fact that i live on the 9th floor of an apartment building . well , that s strange then . newline newline i walked towards my living room door , looked through the peep hole and all i saw was black . i unhooked it and tried to open it and all it felt like was a wall .  well what now ?  . newline newline i paused for a bit , i m sure there s an explanation to this . so i did what every confused person trying to make sense of a situation beyond his comprehension would do  i fired up my desktop and decided to google it . newline newline the internet was working fine , pretty good speeds , so it could nt be the apocalypse . chrome opens up and ... what do i search for ? oh right ,  why am i unable to open my windows  ? newline newline the search result come in , i see a million and one results about restarting your computer , troubleshooting your desktop , antivirus software downloads ... okay , i ll try this again . newline newline  why ca nt i open my door ?  newline newline first search result brings me to a site called reddit with a topic  help , my door is stuck , any tips to get it open ?  . i ve heard so much about this site but never really used it before but wow , this was posted 2 hours ago and it already has over a million comments . newline newline i should click on this but i really needed to pee and i was hungry . i skipped to the loo and then just grabbed a loaf of bread went back into my room stuffing a slice of bread at a time as a i read the comments , one by one . they all were going through the same thing . newline newline  my windows were black , no sun at all   ghfstrongman from australia newline newline  dude , my doors would nt open too , and i kept hearing this low rumbling sound   benwinkle from hong kong newline newline  funny how you all have the same issue as me , what s going on ?   chaipratpong from thailand newline newline this is weird , no this is freaky , no this is creepy as all fuck but what do i do now ? i scrolled further and i come across a post by a peterpong from malaysia who said he was going to investigate this . i spent the next 20 minutes clicking  load more comments  and really , all it did was load my train of thought with explosive devices ready to detonate at the faintest crack on the rail . newline newline i tried looking for a few specific usernames and then tried tracking their posts and i noticed a disturbing pattern . they all first started off by mentioning the locked doors and windows , then they talk about enquiring about the phenomenon and lastly , they talk about this low rumbling sound that seems to get louder and within 45 minutes of their first post  they disappear , no more replies , no word from them . newline newline i was definitely fully awake by now , it s already been 27 minutes and i try to focus , and then i hear it ... no , i feel it . a slight rumbling sound coming from a distance , a barely audible low frequency , somewhere between 2040hz . newline newline i continue scrolling and i see this post from audi2309 mentioning how the rumbling sound had been going on for 15 minutes and it got louder and louder , he suspects it could be a message of sorts . the guy claims to be an audio engineer but maybe he does make sense . so he says he is going to record a few seconds of the sound and then time warp it to increase the frequency and he will release the results to us . newline newline i waited , we waited , the whole of reddit waited , never saw him again . newline newline  fuck this  , i jumped to my brother s room , i know he has a zoom h4n recorder somewhere , i found it , went towards the living room , recorded about 15 seconds of the sound , it sure is louder now than it was 5 minutes ago . i then went back to my desktop , opened up adobe audition , thanking god i still had that software after using it for school work last time , you know how almost every class project had to come with a video and somehow , i was the only one capable of understanding how postproduction worked just because i spent a couple of months trying to become a bedroom electronica musician . newline newline i loaded the .wav file onto the timeline , changed the speed to 300  and let it load . shit , it was now a 5 second clip . i played it back and i swear i heard the word  coming to  very slowly in a strange accented , deep low voice . fuck , audio2309 was on to something ! newline newline i reinserted the sd card , ran back to the living room and started recording , the sound was much louder , the room was vibrating , whatever it was is definitely nearby . 56 ... 57 ... 58 ... 59 ... i stopped recording . a 1 minute clip rendered down to 3 times its speed should be able to give me 20 seconds of what the fuck is going on . newline newline inserted the clip into the timeline , changed the speed to 300  , took a deep breath and hit play . newline newline  we ... see ... no ... need ... for ... your ...  newline newline suddenly everything turned black . all i hear is now the sound of my own breathing . nothingness , i am still alive but there is nothing and i ve been here the last 6 minutes . the dead silence is killing me , i swear i could already hear the blood flowing in my veins and all i see is black .i slow my breath , calming myself down . my eyes lock onto a shop , a small dress and shoe shop . newline newline  gerald , this has been a long time coming .  i say aloud , watching and waiting for the crowds to disperse . newline newline gerald once was my tailor , back when my father was alive . he haunts my memories now , ever since my father died , possibly by his hand . after that , he started getting more ... physical . grabbing my ass , calling after me when i entered the store with my step sisters to shop for them . yesterday was the last straw . newline newline i pull down my black hood , lined with the red emblem of the assassins guild . i joined when my father died , training , holding someday somebody would put a contract on my stepmother . that awful , abusive woman . i am my family s slave , and will one day be their demise  with the help of the guild . newline newline i slide down the wooden butcher shop s roof , landing silently on my feet , keeping my face concealed . with nobody around , there s not much need , but when you live a life like i do , by day a slave and by night an assassin , you need to keep your cover . this is a contract , and it needs to be completed properly . i would ve gone in as myself , but people would ve seen me , and the guild asked for me to be in cloak . newline newline as i approach the shop , i glace up at the  open  sign , written in our glyphs , and not those of the empire . newline newline the client asked for a swift kill . easy . knife in the back . slip in , take the back door out . rune has a horse waiting . in . out .  i nod to myself , grabbing the dagger sheathed to my side . adjusting the pack on my back , i enter the shop , making sure the dirt from the road did nt track on the floor . newline newline i keep to the cover the dresses provide me , hearing gerald s footsteps , peaking my head over the homemade racks . i watch him turn his back and start writing in his book , telling himself sales for today . i leave my hiding spot and tread lightly over to his counter . i walk over to the entrance of the table and grip my knife tightly but masterfully . newline newline running as quickly as i can , i get behind his back and plunge the knife in . sideways , and to the left . by his heart . gerald falls face first into the floor . ignoring the blood , i reach for his hand and check his pulse . nothing . as much as i want to spit on his body , i speak a quick silent prayer . newline newline may you be accepted into the beyond with mercy and forgiveness . creator forgive and accept my duty .  newline newline turning back to the window , i check to see if there s anyone looking in . no noncontract killing  rule two . i see nobody , but that does nt mean anything . i pull a rose from my pocket and place it on his body , taking out my dagger and cleaning it on his body . i start to walk to the back door , to rune s horse a few houses away , and see them underneath the counter . clear slippers . beautiful . newline newline rule three : take what you need and not what you want . i look around one last time before i run over to the counter again and put the into my pack . newline newline  creator forgive me .  i mutter , then dash out the door . newline newline  newline  newline  i have a blog ! come check it out if you enjoyed !   https : thearcherswriting.wordpress.com  this is so weird .  i had exclaimed , looking him up and down .  there is no way this is happening .  newline newline it d been a fairly normal day  driving to work , sitting bored for a few hours and then going out for my lunch break . the only difference was the choice of venue . i d decided to try somewhere new  a little falafel place a short walk away from the office . i d been waiting in line when he had rushed right into me . of course , i was indignant at first , but the way he apologised so profusley calmed me down . newline newline heck , even made me chuckle . newline newline  its alright , accidents happen , as mum used to say .  i d smiled , helping the poor guy onto his feet . newline newline  yeah , i know ...  he d let out a small chuckle after that , a bright grin growing across his face . newline newline  what re you so happy about ?  i asked , dusting myself off . newline newline  ah , nothing . i just ... used to have a friend who said as mum used to say  a lot .  he shook his head , fumbling about in his pockets .  good friend too ... one of my best .  newline newline  used to ? did , um ... something happen ? if you do nt mind me asking ?  newline newline  nah , its fine .  he smiled again . something about that smile was so familiar .  this is sorta embarassing , actually . he was , well ... imaginary .  he blushed , and it was my turn to laugh . newline newline  embarassing ? i d be more surprised if you did nt have one . i know i did .  newline newline  really ? what was he like ?  newline newline  well , he smiled a lot , for one . always had a great big friendly grin plastered across his face .  i smiled , thinking back . it was hard , i have to admit . it had been a long time since i d thought about him . newline newline  sounds like me . love to smile .  and he did , his big old grin growing and growing .  mine was far more serious . always had his homework in on time , always knew what to do ... i kinda looked up to him .  newline newline  mine was a prankster . this one time , he convinced me to set a bucket of water above the teacher s door . she spent the whole day glaring at me as i  newline newline  sat in the corner ?  he finished , his grin vanishing quickly . newline newline  how did you know ?  i asked , a nervous chuckle coming into my voice . newline newline  i remember trying to convince my friend to do that . i did nt want to get in trouble . but , being imaginary , he could nt , so i did it . and i had to sit in the corner .  newline newline  ... mrs morris , age 7 ?  newline newline  yeah , how did  newline newline  this is so weird .  i had exclaimed . looking him up and down .  there is no way this is happening .  newline newline  no bloody way . this has to be a coincidence .  he replied , giving me a look over as well . newline newline  awfully specific coincidence ...  i muttered , pinching myslef lightly . not a dream .  okay , okay ... this is starting to freak me out .  newline newline  you re telling me . all i wanted was to try a new place for my  newline newline  lunch break ?  i finished . newline newline  ... okay , wow .  newline newline  yeah . wow .  newline newline  so , um.. what do you ... do ?  newline newline  architect . always enjoyed big buildings , since i was 7 . you ?  newline newline  cameraman . i loved tv , even at young age . about  newline newline  seven ?  newline newline  yeah ... wow , i just ... wow .  he shook his head , the grin coming back .  shit , man , and i thoguht today was goign to be boring .  newline newline  yeah , holy hell were we wrong .  we laughed in unison , catchign the attention of passersby . i smiled , and reached for my wallet , laughing again with him as he did the same in complete unison . newline newline  aw , man . i m out of change .  he shook his head again , grin still goign strong .  guess i ll have to skip lunch today .  newline newline  nah , i ll pay for you . how much do you need ?  newline newline  hmm ...  he mused .  about tree fiddy .  newline newline it was then that i realised my supposed imaginary friend was actually eight stories tall and a crustacean from the paleolithic era .  god dammit , loch ness monster , i ai nt gon na give you no tree fiddy !  kyle , what are you doing ?  my roommate stormed into the room . i took a step back , cringing . newline newline in all honesty , i was nt really sure what i had done . it started as a playful game  trying to figure out how many kitchen supplies i could balance on my dog s back , but it got a little dark from there ... newline newline  kyle ! what did you do to scruffy ?  kelly began shoving spatulas and microwaves off of our dog . he was pushed down against the floor , his breath short and heavy .  you re lucky he still has a heartbeat ! what were you thinking ?  newline newline  what was i thinking ? what were you thinking ? you just destroyed my masterpiece ! i could ve set a world record , kelly !  newline newline  kyle , you re crazy ,  kelly mumbled , lifting up the dog . crazy . me ? i drink thirtyfive cups of coffee every day . it makes you smarter , you know .   newlinedearest dorothy , newline i am sorry i could nt write sooner . we landed on sicily earlier this morning and are about to proceed forward . i figured since i would nt be able to jot down anything later , i d write this now . when the silence of hell is quiet and peaceful , the breeze here reminds me of the day we snuck out and wandered down to the beach late at night . i am not the smartest man , but for some reason , i remember the details a lot better now that you re miles away from me . you wore the dress your dad gave to you on your birthday . you know , the one that you hated but i thought really made you look like the goddess you are . you never liked speaking of yourself , but you are the most beautiful person i have ever met . i can still see your smile as we laid in the tall grass on the hill ... newline newline your smile brings me to the place i always needed to go . the most beautiful spot i will ever know and always be able to escape to . to forget this war , to head back to your arms , and to never let you go for the rest of my life . understand that no matter what happens here , no matter the god awful things we all do to each other , that i will always love you and watch over you . take care of my parents for me and i will be in your arms again . soon my love . soon . newline newline sincerely , newline your loverfirst day open for business ! after years of saving up and working as a blacksmith apprentice , i have finally been able to open my own armors and weapons shop . ever since i was a young boy , i have heard so many grand stories of heroes and adventurers from travelling merchants , now finally i too can become a stop on their story . as my gaze swept the room one final time , it lingered on each piece of equipment on display . each sword , dagger , plate , and everything in between i made with my own hands . i still had much to learn but many long nights were spent toiling away at each piece , sharpening to my utmost ability , pounding away with all my might . adventurers will be able to rely on me , my creations will lead them through danger and hell . i inhaled the smell of fresh wood and polished metal lingering in the room and settled down behind the counter . newline newline the door slammed open drowning out the little bell that rang feebly in comparison . a lean tall man strolled in and judging by his armor he was a knight , and a magnificent one . his armor was gleaming a deep onyx black with sharp horns and jagged edges along the greaves and gauntlets . his helm in the crook of his hand was sinister with what looked to be dragon horns decorating it . there was a faint violet glow surrounding him pulsating with wisps of light flickering off . a magic set . with him was a large leather sack bulging to the brim with items carried easily over his shoulder . he glanced at my wares with what could only be a deep look of distaste and boredom before coming in front of me . newline newline  what town is this shop keep ?  newline newline  this is the village of dalry along the whispering rill . how can i help you today sir knight ?  newline newline the knight sighed audibly before pulling out his map , ignoring the question . he scanned the map for a moment before putting it away . newline newline  last time i get blackout drunk without teleportation stones . tell me , do you know the way to torpin fortress ?  newline newline  ah , you are a long ways off your course . it would be a 4 days walk north past the granite chasm . i must warn you , the warlock that  newline newline  yeah yeah , terrible power this , forbidden magic that.  newline newline he brushed off my heed with a gesture and swung his bag down with a crash on the counter . out spilled brilliant gems , swords , and heads of magnificent beasts . i have never seen such rare items before . strangely enough there were large amounts of rusty silverware and plates present too . newline newline  how much can you give me for this ?  newline newline  sir knight i must apologize , my shop is still fairly new . i have but 100 gold to my name and could not possibly  newline newline  i  ll take it.  newline newline  wait wha  newline newline the knight casually shoved the bag towards me causing it to spill its  contents all over the floor behind the counter . i hesitantly opened my drawer and gathered up all the coins i had left . he snatched them from my hands and dropped them into his bulging coin pouch where i could see glimpses of platinum . newline newline slam newline newline he was gone as fast as he came . there i stood dumbfounded before slowly cleaning up . i had gotten an incredible deal and would be able to make a fortune on what he brought in . yet i was not filled with joy . i had dreamt of the kind of encounters i would have , the kind of people i would meet . but for that adventurer i was not even a person . my wares did not gleam as brightly as first thought . looking at them again , i could see minor chipped edges , dull tips , and imperfections in my work . perhaps it was still too soon for me to think i could provide anything useful at all . the tinkling of the bell caught me by surprise and i looked up abruptly . newline newline a young boy was peeking in through the door . when he caught my gaze , he slowly walked in and stood reservedly at the front . clutched tightly in his hand was a slip of paper , what looked to be from the town  s notice board . he started to speak but was stumbling over his words before taking a deep breath and exhale . he stood up straight and puffed out his chest with a determined look in his eyes . newline newline  the tailor has given me a task to kill rats . i am in need of a weapon , shop keep !  newline newline a smile came to my lips as i walked over to him . we always did have a bit of an infestation problem to the west of our village , and it always drove that old tailor crazy . i knelt down beside him and put a hand on his shoulder . he was thin but had the muscles of a farmer . his dirty blonde hair was cut short , and freckles dotted his face molded in an expression of feigned bravado . newline newline  of course young adventurer . what can i get you ?  newline newline his expression changed to that of doubt and nervousness . he pulled out a few silver pieces and laid them out on a palm for me to see not wanting to meet my gaze any longer . newline newline  i do not have much but i promise you i will pay you back tenfold when i become a hero !  newline newline his eyes filled with fire and determination though his trembling mouth gave him away . i took the silver pieces from his hands and stood up . walking over to the nearest dagger , i took it off the pegs which i admit was not my best work . his eyes widened , filled with awe , as i brought it closer for him to hold . newline newline  come traveler , let me show you my wares.  newline newline newline newline alright class , today we will be diving into quadratic formula , you know parasols ... i mean parables  parabolas .  the professor rubbed his heads together beside his chalk boards edge and shook his head violently as he stammered his words . newline newline  sir !  a male student in the group called as he raised a hand . newline newline  i guess it could ve been worse , i could ve said pairofbulls !  the professor completely ignored his student .  bulls are pretty dangerous , would nt want to talk about them in here .  he chuckled . newline newline  mr . nerferder ? !  a female student called out . newline newline  hey ! did any of you guys see that video online ? ! you know the one where the bull impales that guy ? !  the professor ran to his desk and flipped open his laptop .  you guys know the one , from the running of the bulls ?  he dipped his head low behind the screen and a loud sniffling noise could be heard .  in spain ? anyone ? yes you .  he pointed to a student in the front row . newline newline  are you alright sir ?  newline newline  fine , nothing big . no biggy . just a little cold . little sniffle . little sniff sniff . anyway !  mr. nerferder clapped his hands together then closed the laptop . he jumped up from the chair and began to walk toward the chalk board before suddenly stopping .  what were we talking about again ?  he said to himself .  oh , that s right !  he flipped the computer open again as he took a seat on the edge of the desk . he then flipped it around so the class could see .  did any of you want to see that video ?  newline newline the class exchanged awkward stares and a few muzzled giggles could be heard . newline newline  no , no one . okay then . down to business .  the professor again clapped . he jumped off the desk lip and took a few quick steps toward the chalk board , then slid the last few feet on his shoes . newline newline  are those roller shoes sir ?  newline newline  yes ! yes they are ! they help me suhlide ,  mr. nerferder threw his hands in the air as he attempted a stylistic demonstration ,  from one side of the board  to the other .  the professor slid to his desk , he flipped open the laptop  with its screen still facing the group , and dipped his head down below everyone s sight lines . a loud sniffing could be heard once more , much louder than before . mr. nerferder shot up from behind the device , like a groundhog with an itching nose , looking for its shadow . newline newline  what the hell is going on here ? !  the first student to raise his hand asked . he stood from his seat , with his arms outstretched , looking around the room . newline newline  math ! math , is going on here !  the professor retorted with a finger pointed forcefully to the sky . newline newline  can i be excused sir ?  another student in the second row asked . newline newline  restroom ? yes that s fine .  mr. nerferder watched attentively as the student left in silence , looking at the professor ever so often from over his shoulder . newline newline  um sir , i think most of us have done parabolas in high .  newline newline  shhhhhh !   the professor held a finger to his lips .  alright he s gone ! everyone grab your things we re switching rooms !  he rushed to gather his belongings from atop his desk . newline newline  what ? ! why ? !  newline newline  when he comes back ...  mr. nerferder began to belly laugh uncontrollably with the entire classes attention focused solely on him .  when he comes back , we ll all be gone . he ll be so confused !  the laughter took hold once more , causing a small plastic baggy to jiggle loose from the collection of clutter in his arms . newline newline  is that what i think it is ?  newline newline  no , no . it s just my cold medication . i grind it up and add it to water so i can swallow it easier .  mr. nerferder dropped the rest of his things and attempted grabbed the baggy from off the floor , but a student in the front row beat him to it . newline newline  it looks like cocaine !  newline newline  no ! do nt be ridicu .  newline newline  let me see that !  another student snatched the bag then walked away .  i ve done it before ... once .  he licked his finger and sampled the powder substance inside the baggy with his tongue .  it ... it tastes like watermelon .  newline newline  gim me that !  another student dipped his fingers in .  i know that ! i used to have it all the time when i was a kid ! this is !  newline newline  fundip ! i just ca nt break its hold over me !  the professor buried his face in his hands . newline newline the class crowded around their teacher as he bawled on the floor , with a few of them stealing dabs from the baggy . newlinebouncing castle  1 newline newline  are you kidding me ?  he yells at nobody in particular . newline newline as a surprise on his 16th birthday he would have expected anything but this . bouncing castles are for kids , not for men old enough to get their drivers license . the inflated towers of the entry gate sway in the wind as if a hundred children are bouncing in it at the same time . the painted colors on the castle are so bright they almost hurt his eyes . the constant noise coming from the fan that keeps the castle inflated drowns out all other sounds . it s a good thing they do nt have any neighbors , the next house is a couple of miles down the road , otherwise there would probably have been some complaints about the noise . andy figures it probably is some kind of joke that mom and dad are playing on him . newline newline they usually try to mislead him on his birthday . a couple of years ago , they told everybody to give him socks or underwear . he kept quiet and just took it all with a smile and a thank you . it was not until the next day when he woke up that his parents told him what his actual present would be . the whole family had pitched in to buy him the thing he had always wanted . when they brought him to the driveway , on the trailer behind dad s car had been sitting the jet ski he had always wanted to have . newline newline while he s standing there , looking at the big inflatable castle in his backyard , painted in yellow and red and blue and green , he can not help but laugh . good one , mom and dad , he thinks to himself , let s at least enjoy it while it s here . walking to the castle he kicks of his shoes , they hit the castle with a thump , the entrance way sways a little bit more . with difficulty he crawls to the center of the castle , the walls start slanting inwards while he pushes the middle of the castle down . there s probably not enough air in it yet . he tries standing up in the middle of it but that is harder than it sounds . jumping up and down andy tests the bounciness of the castle , he is not disappointed . he jumps higher and higher , while the castle starts to feel more bouncy with every jump . when he feels he is getting enough height he starts doing some flips and other tricks . it actually turns out to be a lot of fun having a bouncing castle in your backyard . when he s jumped and done tricks for a couple of minutes he decides to try a double front flip . first he will have to get some altitude again . he starts jumping up and down before he makes his first attempt . when he gets the required hang time he tucks in his chin an grabs his shins so he starts rolling forward . one rotation happens without trouble but just when the second one is about to start something in the castle catches his eye . he lets go of his legs and looks up , his spin slows down and before he knows it andy slams into the floor of the bouncing castle face first . even though the castle is soft the impact on the surface hurts his nose . whenever he gets hit in the nose , hard or soft it always brings tears to his eyes , not this time though . his eyes have become larger and his gaze is fixed on the back wall of the castle as he scrambles to get back up . newline newline in that wall a door has appeared , andy wonders if it was always there . has he just missed it before ? slowly he makes his way to the door on is hands and knees , it is small and low to the ground but it unmistakably is a door . actually it is a double door , as you would see in real castles , two inflated ornaments in the shape of a lions head decorate the door . great brass colored rings are attached as doorhandles . andy grasps at the handle while the castle still wobbles up and down , left and right . he manages to open the door , and look inside . beyond the door is nothing but darkness . carefully he tries to stick his hand through the opening . as soon as his hand is through he gets sucked into the doorway . a feeling like falling comes over him for a moment but it fades as quick as it came , he slams face first into the castle again . again his nose hurts . he sits up and rubs it until the pain seems to go away . when he gets a chance to look around him he is startled . newline his surroundings have changed , where just a moment ago the walls were yellow and red and blue and green , now grey walls surround him on all sides . they seem to be upright instead of slanting inwards like they did before . the floor still wobbles with every movement and makes it hard to walk . the wall now has a stone brick pattern , as does the floor . around the room is furniture that wobbles when the floor does . on the walls hang tapestries of long forgotten fights between knights on horseback . something seems odd about the people depicted there . walking towards one of those wall decorations andy bumps into a little table . the goblet which was on the table rolls to the ground without the sound he had expected it to make . when he picks it up the thing feels weird in it s hand . even though it looks like a silver goblet it feels soft and light . the goblet appears to be made of the same material as the bouncing castle . actually everything here seems to be made out of that material . he takes a couple of steps back , the goblet still in his hand . newline newline suddenly a firm tap on his wrist makes him drop it , the tap was swift and hard but it did not hurt . when he turns around a man stands in front of him . something seems odd about him , it is the same thing that andy saw in the panting , it is his stance . his legs and his arms , they seem stiff , locked in a straight position . the man waves a big sword around , it looks real enough but if it was it would have cut through his wrist . when the man waves his sword it seems like he has no elbow joints , his arms make circles in the air and go up and down but are unable to bend . he hits andy with his sword multiple times , first on the head , then he thrusts into his chest and finally he tries to swipe his leg . newline newline  why will you not die you wretched thief ,  the man snarls . newline newline  i m not a thief ,  andy shouts . newline newline  you lie ,  the man shouts back ,  you were trying to steal the poisoned goblet of king ignoo.  newline newline andy picks up the goblet that fell to the ground and puts it back upon the table . newline newline  here , are you happy now ,  he says annoyed ,  i put it back.  newline newline again he pokes his sword in between andy s ribs and slashes at his throat . newline newline  cut it out ,  he yells at the man grabbing the sword . newline newline he pulls the inflatable sword from the hands of his attacker . the man immediately throws his hands into the air . newline newline  i yield ,  he shouts in a high pitched voice ,  please do nt kill me thief.  newline newline  i told you , i m not a thief.  newline newline  i do apologize ser , let s just say it was all a terrible misunderstanding , might i please have my sword back ?  newline newline  not yet ,  andy says annoyed ,  i did nt care much for you poking and hitting me with it . where am i , who are you ?  newline newline the man looks at him in disbelief , like he has just asked the dumbest question anyone has ever asked . newline newline  why you are in fort foppin off course , the seat of power for all the land . as for me , i am ser roland mackswoon  newline newline  what land ,  andy asks . newline newline again it seems like that was the dumbest question ever . newline newline  have you fallen on your head thie ... ser ?  newline newline  i actually did ,  andy answers ,  twice.  newline newline  ah , that explains it all , please follow me to the physician s chambers so he may reinflate you , you have obviously lost some air.  newline newline when the man starts walking andy notices that he also has no knee joints , it makes him walk like a penguin . it looks very funny but he manages to keep in his laughter . newline newline  what do you mean by reinflating me ,  andy asks while they walk towards a big brown door . newline newline  it is a medical procedure ,  he explains ,  one which replenishes you breath of life and makes you feel better.  newline newline andy suddenly stops walking , he pokes his finger at the man s head . he looks like a normal man , except for his elbows and knees , but he feels the same as all of the other things around here , he feels like the inflatable castle . andy jumps back in shock , how is that possible . newline newline  eh ... you mean ... he llliterally pumps fresh air into you ?  newline newline  yes that s it ,  the man says ,  for when you ve sprung a leak or just lost some air doctor maidenhair is always there.  newline newline suddenly the room starts spinning for andy , his knees feel weak . everything starts going dark as he tumbles to the bouncy floor . newline newlinei was approached by a man with a goatee , red hair , and pinkish skin . he offered me a pair of lucky underwear that granted my every wish  given that i was in a kohls at the time , i figured it was just a sales tactic . the undies were surprisingly plush and at a good price , so i bought some anyways . newline newline later that week , i was visiting a convention  one of the retailers only accepted cash , and i was five bucks short . suddenly , i was hit with the urge to use the bathroom . as i rushed to the toilet , instead of a plop  , or even a rush of liquid , something surprisingly flat came out . lo and behold , a five dollar bill was lying in the water . newline newline one week later , i can safely say that i am the richest asshole in the world !the baby lay on the doorstep , blue eyes wide and curious . it did nt cry , or make a sound . newline newline  mum ?  i called out .  there s a baby .  newline newline  bring her in ,  she said , apparently unbothered . i did nt even know how to hold a baby . they had nt covered this in school . i picked up the child , cradling her in my arms , and only then did it occur to me that my mother had known it was a girl . newline newline she might be wrong , i considered , but i did nt want to check . if i unwrapped the baby i was sure i d never get her comfortable again . and i did nt want to make her cry . newline newline i brought her in to the kitchen , where mum was stirring tea . she d set up a high chair at the end of the table , and i wondered where she d got it from . newline newline  that s your sister ,  she said quietly , taking a sip from the glass of wine by the oven . newline newline  my sister ?  newline newline she closed her eyes and appeared to steel herself for strength .  i meant to tell you before .  newline newline  tell me what ?  newline newline  you ll want to sit down .  newline newline i sat , keeping the baby tight to my chest , even as her eyes started to close and she drifted off . newline newline  you re not my daughter ,  she says .  every fifteen years , a baby is delivered to this doorstep by our mother . you ll raise it as your own until her fifteenth birthday .  newline newline my stomach plummeted .  you re not my mother ?  newline newline my voice cracked on the word mother , a humiliating defeat . newline newline  i ve never met her ,  she said .  but i ve heard stories . the sister before me , she told me things .  newline newline  how many of us are there ?  i asked . this seemed important , somehow . vital to the knowledge of who i was . who my family was . as a child i d been fascinated by the identity of my father , and had never got the answer i wanted . this , at least , explained why . newline newline  i do nt know ,  she said .  many . tens , certainly . all girls .  newline newline  i do nt understand .  newline newline  nor did i ,  she said .  but i ll leave you instructions . there s a book , a journal . and i ll come back and visit .  newline newline  where are you going ?  newline newline  she s yours now ,  she said .  yours to raise . i m going on my journey . i m going to find our mother .  newline newline i stared at her blankly , and then down at the tiny pink face beneath me . i was only fifteen . i could nt raise a child . newline newline but she d done it . she d protected me and i loved her . newline newline  do nt leave ,  i said quietly . she shook her head . newline newline  i ve left everything you need upstairs . gina , from next door will come and visit tomorrow , if you re confused .  newline newline she paused , turned off the oven and picked up her bag from by the door . newline newline  you ll learn to love her ,  she said , before she tugged the strap over her shoulder and walked out the door . she posted the key through the slot , a final reminder that she was nt returning . newline newline and i had a baby in my arms to care for .apollo looked at the sky and frowned . why the hell was the sun up already ? mondays were his turn to raise the sun and everyone knew it ... or at least he hoped they did . newline newline  ra !  he yelled .  get your ass over here ! i swear if you did the sunrise today i will skin you alive ! my name s on the schedule for mondays , not yours !  newline newline a man with the head of a bird appeared in a flash of light .  wait , monday was your day ? i though i signed up for mondays at the board meeting last weekend .  newline newline apollo was tempted to punch ra right there and then .  jesus , i swear none of you can read . we have a schedule board right in front of the city hall , but shit like this happens every other day !  newline newline  what s going on now ?  newline newline apollo turned around to find that jesus christ had descended from the sky , riding a cloud . newline newline  what ? no , jesus , i was nt talking about you . i was just ... forget it .  newline newline apollo stormed off , fuming silently . what good was there in being a god when you ve got thousands of them competing for the same few jobs ? might as well be a mortal at this rate . newline newline hm ... become a mortal . that did nt sound bad at all . live a couple decades down on the ground , take a little break from life as an omnipotent being ... newline newline it s not like there would nt be anyone to fill his job . newline newline   newline newline first time writing here , any criticism is appreciated !eight years we have survived here , trapped in the subspace that allowed our ship to slice through the fabric of space like it was no more than endless freshly tilled soil . eight years our solar sails allowed us to survive off of the ancient light that beamed through the fabric that borders our endless prison cell . newline newline entire galaxies passed by like a comet would back on earth . our shipboard scientists spent some time on this conundrum , determining how the light entered subspace and how old it was . the best we could come up with is that we were traveling so fast , that the light was as the universe looked from our current point on the surface space . if we dropped out right now , we would be seeing distant light from before the milky ways existence . hell , we were nt even sure if light traveled far enough ultimately for us to see the milky way as far as we have gone . newline newline at times , galaxies burst forth in brilliant blues as we approach , to turn into red hellstorms as we depart eventually snuffing out in the distance . newline newline and speaking of hell , we ca nt get out of subspace either . newline newline 8 years ago , the maiden voyage of the first human ftl craft  the fortuity . a quick one light year hop , and then back . back before breakfast , supposedly . whatever heading that jump took , we have maintained it . we do nt know just how fast we have been going , but we do certainly know it is many times the speed of light . to see a galaxy pass the observation in a mere few minutes . newline newline the last few weeks have been difficult . the ship was designed to be sustainable , with onboard food generation and water a byproduct of our ftl engine . we would have been stupid to perform even a maiden voyage without a full crew compliment . but recently , things have been decaying . occasional shifts in reality , objects being displaced . objects appear and disappear , and a few of my crew have been exposed to extreme doses of radiation seemingly from nowhere . newline newline again , i roused my shipboard science crew on the problem . all i have received back are worried stares . newline newline  captain rufus ...  the elderly man approached . he was far too old to have been aboard a spaceship , but eight years ago it would have been a helluva retirement bonus . newline newline  tomodil , come . i was just lost in thought , do you have anything ?  i asked , trying to be as nice as possible . no point in taking my own angers out on my crew . newline newline  well , sir .  he paused , wringing his hands . i could see he was losing his composure . newline newline  take your time  i offered . newline newline  well sir ,  he started again .  you know how space can not possibly be truly infinite .  newline newline i sighed .  i suppose i do .  newline newline  yes , right . well , you see sir , captain , we think we are approaching the . well we think we are approaching the edge of the universe  newline newline a panic rose deep within me , and i was frozen in place . tomodil mistook my moment of lost composure for anger . newline newline  i m so sorry sir , we do nt know what to do . we think that the recent ... disturbances are the effects of reaching the edge . imagine , if you will , it might be easier to picture the universe as an old 32 bit basic computer system for comparison . if you were to generate a grid using your entire 4gb storage address capability you would begin to see ... odd and random behaviors . we think we are approaching this ... random space . the space outside which the laws of physics have traversed . god in heaven , if we could only send our findings back home . hell , even what we know about the failure that trapped us here . the thought that the laws of physics travels at the speed of light , within the system at the speed of expansion . we should have known ever since we measured how fast gravity travels.  newline newline  tomodil , come back to me .  i said , cutting off his manic rambling .  you mentioned sending information back home . could we do it ?  newline newline  well , yes and no . we could absolutely send a packet back through subspace , however we have the benefit of our displacement engine . the packet itself would only travel at light speed , it could be billions of years . hell , the universe could end before it got back to earth .  newline newline a wave of distorted light passed through the observation deck , a ghostly rip in spacetime . it was the third such wave in an hour . the experience had increased a hundred fold in the last day , and that only indicated to rufus that time was running out . newline newline  do you have an estimate for how much longer we have with ... sustainable physics ?  newline newline  no sir , well , yes sir . we think we have about another day at our current estimated speed .  newline newline  which is ?  i asked , focusing on the non lethal information . newline newline  by our current estimate , 2 million light years per second . it could be off by orders of magnitude in either direction , but we seem to consistently pass even very large galaxies in seconds .  newline newline i paused to pretend to take that number in , but it meant nothing to me . i had already sunken into a deep depression , and with all chance of a communication reaching home vanquished  i succumbed to its depths . newline newline  i am not sure what i am more afraid of ,  i began .  that we experience these continued ghostly assaults , or that the laws of attraction fail . what is more humane , to be ripped apart molecularly  or to watch the lights fade ? her heart is beating slow and steady , something it only does when she is consumed by sleep . her closed eyes seem sad . her fingers grasp tightly to my tee shirt , her head rising and falling with my chest . in the tranquil darkness , with the duvet covering most of her and half of me , i lay listening to her deep breathing , envious of the peace she gets when she falls asleep on me . newline newline she looks like her . newline newline i try to push down the image of her . it s wrong to think and painful to see . not a thought for a tired man with a sleeping wife to entertain in the middle of the night . the moon bleeding in from the windows reflects off her wedding ring . i can not draw my eyes from it . newline newline i remember giving her that ring , back when life was good . i remember giving it to her in that dump of an apartment , and i remember the bar we went to in celebration . i remember looking at that ring , and the iv needle above it when she was in labor . i remember every birthday , every vacation , every kiss . i remember all those years of pure , unburdened love . newline newline she looks so much like her . newline newline stop it , goddammit , stop it . do not think those thoughts . not now . not ever . you are here , right now , in this moment . just go to sleep . i can not convince myself . not when i m staring at her sleeping face . the face that looks like her . newline newline i am powerless to stop the tear that falls from my eye onto her forehead . i pray it does nt wake her , but it does . she sits up slowly , fuzzy with sleep . her eyes meet mine . i can feel her concern . newline newline  what s going on ?  she asks with sleep in her voice . newline newline  i i miss her .  i choke out . newline newline she scoots up and wraps her arms around my neck , sighing painstakingly . i start to wail and i can not stop . gross , wet , ugly sobs and my wife holding me close . newline newline  i miss our daughter ,  i cry out . newline newline  i know . i miss her too .  she says between her own softer , calmer tears . newline newline  i miss her , i miss her .  newline newline edit : wordsi wake up in the hospital , in the dark . my head is pounding and my arm is itching . i struggle to get up  flashes of memory from yesterday bursting in my head . finding the letter from anna when i reached home . i had married her right out of high school , just before i took a job at the local factory . newline newline our two lovely kids .. ben and kai .. the pain in my heart is more than the throbbing in my head , as i remember their smiles . i remember tiptoeing into their room , with anna , just to see them sleeping innocently . kai , my sweet younger son , had been so looking forward to camp . my parents had been taking him there , when the accident happened . no one found the driver . newline newline our lives , so bright and hopeful till then , turned gloomy . yes , i turned to drink , more than i should have , after the funeral . in retrospect , losing my job should have been a warning signal . but i never suspected that anna would leave with ben until i stood in an empty bedroom and read her letter . newline newline i thought i was broken but that really smashed me . i can remember little since then , and only in patches . eventually i pulled myself together a bit . she would be with her parents . how could she take my son away ? she knew how i doted on my kids . we had been sweethearts right through high school . i vowed to get her , to bring them back . the cursed bottle , near full , caught my eye . i needed the courage to face her . newline newline i do nt remember getting in the car or driving from home . it was dark by then , anyway . newline newline someone is fumbling at the door , here . a lady in scrubs switches on the light , bright and painful . newline newline the bright light brings back memories of the oncoming car , yesterday . newline newline my eyes squinch shut under the assault of the light . i slowly open one eye a crack to finally take in my surroundings . the itching on my arm pulls my eyes down . i see a tattoo , with the name standing out in black against my pale skin . i still ca nt remember deciding to get my name tattooed , why or when . newline newline i need to be with my family . i need to see my son again . newlinethey called me the good thief because i repented on the cross next to jesus . it was this feat that earned me my placement in the promised land . newline newline i was amongst the first to take up residence here . it was beautiful . the streets were paved of gold  the gates were crafted of pearl  the walls were erected with jasper  and the day was everlong . newline newline it was a beautiful and exotic land for the first year . after that i grew bored . after the brief bout of sightseeing , there seemed to be a stark lack of activities in the promised land . no dancing , no pubs , no sex  i could nt even wear a polycotton shirt . newline newline over the years , new people arrived in the promised land . at first , it was just a handful of people , but now , twothousand years later , the people arrived by the millions . we were each placed in equal houses , given equal possessions , and were upheld to equal standards . newline newline i walked around the streets of gold . gold was all i had ever wanted in my mortal life , but now , i realized that there was much more to it than money . i had fallen in love with the thrill of the heist . the greater the risk to my life , the better the thrill . the higher the value of goods i was stealing , the better the thrill . that was what i loved . newline newline and now , i could reach down at any moment and hold the pure metal in my hands . it took no effort , there was no risk , and the gold held no value . newline newline i had always wondered if hell was real .  heh .  i chuckled a bit . of course hell is real .  i thought , you ve been in it this whole time .  you have a choice ,  death said . newline newline newline newline i stared at death ,  a choice ?  newline newline newline newline  yes , see , i have been wanting to get rid of this saying for a long time now . you know . the saying that nothing is certain except for death and taxes .  newline newline newline i frown .  you want a vacation ?  newline newline newline death rolled his eyes at me , or hers , i should nt assume anyone s gender .  no , i merely want them to stop saying that stupid quote .  newline newline i frowned ,  and how exactly do i come into play ?  newline newline  you get to pick ... which one do you want to get rid of ?  newline newline i sighed , i did nt know what to decide . i thought about it , and then realized what i thought was best . newline newline  time is up ,  death told me . newline newline  very well ,  i said ,  no more taxes . she d be 18 this year . about to go off to college , make a life of her own somewhere else . and yet here i stand , flowers in my hand . newline newline they say time heals all wounds . but never fully . time closes it , it stops the bleeding and makes all functions return . but it leaves a nasty scar . newline newline seventeen years . i remember the day i first saw her . she was the most beautiful girl i d ever seen , and i must admit i ve seen a few . she had these big , blue eyes and i could ve sworn she blinked at me . i was stunned silent . my jaws agape . at the time , i was just 20 , and the world was at my feet . but this girl was mine , and i knew that i would always love her . newline newline i love her still . it s a pure love . it s the kind of love that lasts forever , literally . it s the kind of love that no one would ever question . my knees shake , and i loose my footing . the snow is cold , wet . with a gloved hand , i wipe away the snow covering her headstone . i put the flowers in front of it . newline newline love hurts . the most common love that hurts is the one they call romantic love , but there are many forms of love . and all of them hurts in the end . i wo nt tell her how she died . what difference does it make ? in the end , it should ve been me instead . newline newline no father should have to bury his daughter .softly strumming the strings of his worn down guitar , he hummed a tune long forgotten by anyone under the age of  oldasdirt ,  as he used to say . that was when humor tickled his lips , loved filled his soul , and poems ran through his mind . long forgotten , these feelings . he wanted nothing more than to go back to the way it was . her fault , he repeated . her fault . newline newline her goddamn fault . newline newline he played to distract his raging mind . to stall , to think , to try to reason with his already made up mind . but he knew there was no convincing his joy ridden being to act otherwise . he gripped the whiskey with his shaking palm and raised it to his pursed lips , the sting of the drink all too familiar on his tongue . he tried to strum again but could nt find the strength anymore . his heart could nt wander the planes of his conscious any longer . there s only so much pain even the strongest man could endure . newline newline he ran his hand through his unattended facial hair as he swallowed his therapy , letting his eyes dart from picture to picture lining the walls . memories of the years . of a fading love . newline newline their smiles showed happiness but the mutual , hanging thought of  something better  poisoned their minds , always evident in their eyes . never said but always acknowledged , never wanted but always needed . they assumed it was better than no feeling at all . he would rather feel nothing than what he feels now  what he knows he must do , that unstoppable fire in his chest . newline newline her goddamn fault . newline newline he rested his weight on the wooden chair s handle and used it as leverage to raise up on his tired feet . he had nt slept since he d barren witness to his destruction of hope . newline newline her moans . his hands on her hips , the same way that she would nt let him touch her anymore . the way she fucking looked in his eyes  that unforgettable stare . every detail , every touch and shadow and sound like a slice to the throat , a strike to the gut , a horrendous crime against his very being as the man that protected her for all of those godforsaken years . a spark to his flame deep inside . betrayal . unforgivable betrayal . newline newline he concluded that there is no god and lucifer was lying in the next room  disguised in the curves of a woman that had once said ,  i love you .  newline newline a deep breath . regret may have entered his mind for only a millisecond , but the imagine of her in their bed that night made the thought wisp away and hide in the back of his mind in cowardice . all he knew was rage now . he slowly turned and picked up his sturdy , reliable shotgun . he d taught her how to shoot with this very firearm . now this trigger would teach her a lesson not soon forgotten . newline newline her goddamn fault . newline newline switching off the safety , he turned the knob to the bedroom door and slowly walked toward where she was lying , the floor anticipating every step and every creak seemed to be a foretelling sound . stopping for only a moment , he observed her resting face and how she breathed , a breath just as familiar as the taste of his whiskey . newline newline  you could end it now ,  he thought . newline newline  no ,  he immediately dismissed . newline newline what happened next can only be reasoned as thus a heart knows only love when it holds it , and when this is ripped away all a soul can cling to is revenge . newline newline  wake the fuck up ,  he yelled drunkenly , her eyes opening immediately , training on the barrel pointed to her face . newline newline she panicked . what else would a person do ?  oh my god , oh my god , what are you doing ? oh god , oh god please help me , jesus sav  newline newline  shut the fuck up ,  he muttered , almost as quiet as a whisper but the anger behind it reflected a blistering scream . she fell silent . newline newline  i know what you did . what you ve done..  his voice fell off . he had so much he wanted to say but could nt muster the words . a tear streaked down his cheek , but he wiped it away quickly and pushed the barrel against her chest . she screamed . newline newline  i m so sorry  you have it all wrong  the spark has been gone for years  i deserve to be happy ,  she begged and pleaded through her tears , her body shaking uncontrollably and her voice cracking in every sentence . he expected her words , he expected her pleas . he did nt care . newline newline her . goddamn . fault . newline newline  daddy ?  newline newline their shared daughter was standing in the doorway . so young . her third birthday was a month and a half ago . newline newline  do nt watch , sweetie .  the man said coldly over his shoulder , his eyes never leaving his wife . newline newline if there was a god he would have stopped this already . deep down , the man probably hoped that god would intervene . but no one came . newline newline  daddy , what are you doing ? why is mommy crying ?  newline newline the woman wanted to comfort her child with words but feared for her own life  if she opened her mouth the drunken man she loved may make sure she never spoke again . newline newline little did she know  he wanted to do no such thing . newline newline  turn around , baby ,  he spoke calmly to to his daughter , no emotion backing his words .  go back to your room . do nt come back in here . i love you .  the small child refused to leave  the man being unaware of this , maybe too drunk or too distracted , he continued on with his task . blissful ignorance , the stubbornness of a child . this would ruin her life forevermore . newline newline he dragged his wife off the bed by the shoulder and placed her facetoface with himself . she did nt fight him , she was almost paralyzed with fear . he pressed his forehead against hers , and dug the gun into her abdomen . she sobbed like he had never heard before . for a reason only he fully understood , looking through the eyes of the fire in his heart ... newline newline it made him smile . newline newline with the swiftness and motivation of a starving animal , he pulled the barrel of the gun up under his chin . looking her in the eyes deeply , communicating every dark emotion she made him feel for the past ninety six hours and every tear she made him shed in just one fateful second , he pulled the trigger and ended his own life only six inches away from her face . newline newline the last thing he ever heard was his daughter s scream . newline newline then , and only then , did he feel regret . newline newline and , despite everything , that unforgettable scream was his goddamn fault . newline newline newline newlinehans was happy he finally arrived the hotel after such a long trip . he was also happy he was assigned to take photos of the new museum exposition in volvograd . and like everyday , he was happy to be stil alive . he took off his coat off and hanged it on the hat stand near the door , unlaced his shoes and removed his socks , and enjoyed the feeling of the lurkwarm wooden floor against his feet .  the rest of the crew is gon na take a while to get here  .he walked to the window , wary , feeling that he recognized this place .  well , it s a better view than that damn wall  , he sighed , remembering the spite the always felt when seeing the berlin wall , a constant reminder that had he escaped a day earlier , he d be with the rest of his family outside the soviet portion . he d love to have someone call him ben again , but he did nt want to go trough everything he went trough in his first newline escape , at the end of the war  he also did nt want to risk meeting anyone from his platoon . he was happy as hans , a german citizen that ran away from the war . newline newline newline his thoughts were interrupted by the sound of footsteps , only to see nothing behind him . he panned his eyes through that run slowly , and froze when saw a child s footprint . he started to sweat as he got on his knees to see under the bed . he heard sobbing  he went for the hatstand got a flask from his coat s pocket and drank it . newline newline newline  the war is over buddy , war s over  , he said to himself , as he closed the now empty flask of vodka . newline newline newline he went for the bed and layed down , sickened and exhausted .  was this the place ? no , that was stalingrad  , he thought , as he noticed the closet was partially open . he checked his pockets : the closet door key was still there . he stood on his knews in bed , affraid of steping on the floor . in a far away echoe , he heard a child cry , and searched the room anxiously . he then slowy put his right foot on the floor , and then started to silently walk toward the door , and staggered when realised the door was closed . he walked the rest of the way slowy , and tried to open the door . locked . he grabbed the key , and when he turned the key , muffled screams came from the closet . a plead came from the other side of the room . newline newline newline  please , leave my sister alone  . newline newline newline he felt an immense pain in his chest , and his hands grabbed it violently . as he turns back , he sees blood dripping from bullet holes in the ceiling . he felt and heard creaking noises , the closet door slammed open , screams , the room door handle shaking . he starts to violently cough , and as he puts hands hands near his mouth , he notices the smell of gun powder . he feels hands on his pocket . the room door opens , and footsteps echoed away . newline newline newline before he loses conscious , he whispers  i m sorry  . newline newline newline newline newline and like that day in october of 1941 , no one heard him .my head falls into my chest as i feel that sharp boiling pain rise through my spine . i judder into the air to find i  m handcuffed to the radiator once again . i examine my shackles with a rattle , i  m cuffed in good . as i look around the broken apartment to find an escape i only find a dirty butchers knife at my left foot and a mobile phone at my right , items which remind me , i swallowed the key . bullets sweat from my brows and land in my yellow sullen cheeks . my bowels cramp and the nausea rise through my gullet . i know why i ended up here , i had screwed up again . i couldn  t stay off them , not even for one night , no wonder she left me . i might as well finish what i started . newline newline i waver my foot back and forth to try and grasp the bag of capsules at my heel but they are just out of my reach . i look at the mobile phone once again . i should maybe call her , maybe i can make it work , maybe if she sees the state i m in maybe she  ll understand , we can patch things up , we always do . i drag the mobile along with my foot until it reaches my free hand  i thumb the digits and stop before i press the last number . what was i to say , what could i possibly say that could change this ? in despair i sink my forehead into the butt of the phone and as i do i catch a glance at the phone number written on the back of my hand . 08002677 , who the hell does this belong to ? out of curiosity i call the number . newline newline  ello , charlie here from epiphany hotlines , if we can  t answer it  no one can . how can i help ?  newline newline  what ?  newline newline  just ask us a bleeding question.  newline newline  awright , what  s two plus two ?  newline newline  four  newline newline  hmm , who was the last british king to die in battle ?  newline newline  james iv  newline newline  interesting , can you tell me napoleons nationality ?  newline newline  corsican.  newline newline  okay   newline newline  son , we can answer any question in the universe and you are seriously asking these questions ?  newline newline  what else is there to ask ?  newline newline  well most people ask questions like : is there a god ? is there a meaning to life ? will i survive the tumour growing out my arse , and then there  s you , asking questions like the dunce at the back of the class  newline newline  okay , okay i  ll be serious now  what underwear am i wearing  newline newline the white ones with the love hearts on them and the hole under the elastic , you got them from you  re mum on christmas five years ago , you should really think about throwing them out now.  newline newline the gravity of my situation sank in as my mouth went dry and i realised this guy was for real . and with that , i thought of the perfect question . newline newline  how do i win my girlfriend back ? i don  t know how to do it any more , i  ve tried everything , and i can  t think of life without her , i feel we  re meant to be , but we just keep going back and forth   newline newline  woah , woah , woah simmer down their sparky , let me answer . do you remember the floods ?  newline newline  what ?  newline newline  the floods , down south , you remember them ?  newline newline  yeahbut i don  t see how this  newline newline  do you remember the boy that got his foot stuck in the drain and the river kept rising and rising and eventually he drowned ?  newline newline  yeah  newline newline  well all i  m saying is  that wouldn  t have been me . do you know why ? newline newline  why ?  newline newline  cos i wouldda said  cut it off  now !  newline newline  em  newline newline  look , what i  m tryna  say is that sometimes you have cut a little bit of yourself off in order to grow , in order to move on . you understand me ?  newline newline  yeah . i understand  newline newline  anything else ?  newline newline  yeah just one more question   and before i finish my sentence , my mobile dies . i suddenly remember where i am . my heart rate rises , the sweat pours and my colon cramps once again . i needed those pills even if it killed me , but they are still out of my reach . the closest item beside me was the butcher  s knife . i hold it in my left hand and look at my shackled right hand . newline newline in hindsight , i probably took charlie  s advice too literally . newlinedana had tried to throw the hunters off her tracks . it was difficult . thus far her aunt had predicted her every move . like a giant chess game in which her aunt held all the power , she had cut of dana s attempts at retaliation before any had fruit . now it was just dana . alone . in the woods . leading her aunt s hunters in a merry chase . newline newline they were nt far behind . she could hear their calls , and felt the blood rush to her face when she discerned their words . having them catch up to her was not an option she could afford . newline newline with nimble feet , dana cleared a pile of fallen trees . as yet another branch tore at her skin she charged through the pain and deeper into the forest . it was clear why the hunters could track her so well , she had little time to obscure her path . her priority was speed and distance over concealment . newline newline the changes were subtle at first . the trunks she dodged were growing larger . the ground beneath her feet was softer and a healthy blanket of moss covered the floor . it was close . the one place that her aunt could nt account for . if the hunters knew what was good for them , they would nt follow dana here . she tucked her head down to avoid a low hanging branch . soon . she just had to last a few more minutes . newline newline her face flushed again as she heard the men invite her to join them  . the sour tang of blood in her mouth made her realize she d bitten her lip in frustration . turning her head she spat into the shadows , trying to clear her mouth . several heartbeats later , she spotted it : the border , rather large boulder on the edge of a brief clearing , just ahead . dana did nt stop to think about the impending consequence . she would accept it when it came , so long as the hunters did nt get her . newline newline the first few steps past the rock and nothing happened . the delay was misleading . it gave her hope that she d have time to take shelter on the other side of the clearing . it also caused her to panic a moment . if nothing happened to her , how could she guarantee her aunt s pawns would nt follow ? dana let neither of these thoughts paralyze her legs . newline newline she d just about reached the other side when it struck . a pain through her chest , simultaneously coinciding with numb feet . dana slipped , landing heavily on the uneven moss . newline newline for a second she was disoriented . the shock of her collapse caused her brain to erase all memory of her flight . then it was back . she scrabbled at the twigs and stones hidden beneath the green around her . she was so close . so very close . newline newline it was a struggle to pull herself across the floor of the clearing . there were no good handholds , the moss just ripped away in her hands . even now , the pain in her chest threatened to sabotage her efforts . finally , she managed to roll enough to the side that she was nt in the immediate line of sight coming into the clearing . newline newline which was good , because the numbness was spreading .like a scream across every corner of the internet , lin s fingers had pounded out every last key on every message board and on every wiki he could find . it did not fill his grief . newline newline he was a ghost now . newline newline his real life was in a far away land where he lived a dozen lifetimes all at once . he had built homes , he had made friends , he had lead armies . lin was a hero . newline newline was . lin was a hero . newline newline as a ghost , he was more comical than scary . he was pale , thin of limbs but round of gut . he spoke in a lowpitched whine . newline newline and in this new ethereal space , where one minute was really a minute and a day was long as a week , he saw his fuzzy reflection in a black mirror . newline newline lin reached into his drawer where he hid his pain pills for when he sprained an ankle in school . lin the ghost hated school . lin the ghost hated the boys . and lin the ghost had felt the immeasurable pain of losing a dozen lives all at once . newline newline the pills clacked into the muffled velvet of lin s palm . newline newline  i guess i should write a note first . he entered into her office and took a seat not far from her . he held in his hand a notebook that he had bought two days ago and a cheap pen that was nearly out of ink . he sat it on the small table not far from the lady and let out a big sigh .  63 brown brown eyes . earing in his left ear . dedicated father and excellent liar .  newline newline the therapist lady looked at him puzzled and started her session .  i am glad you brought in your journal today . i would like to look over it for any clues to help us figure out why you have problems sleeping . before i do that i would like to ask you some questions .  newline newline before she could ask any questions , he spoke .  i often find that there are very few honest people in this world and those people are often taken advantage of by the dishonest . when i first met you , i learned everything i could about you and your same sex partner .  newline her heart started to pound .  is she okay ?  newline newline he smiled a quick smile and gave an honest answer .  she is fine , but i can not say the same for her lover . 63 , brown eyes , and an earring in his left ear . the problem with most people is that they are creatures of habbit . they often shop at the same stores and eat at the same restaurants . their schedules make them predictable .  newline newline she reached in her pocket and grabbed her phone to call 911 . she then yelled .  get out . i am calling the cops .  newline newline he stood up turned toward the door .  the man buys his condoms from the same store everytime he goes to see her . he s a cheapo and always buys the cheapest brand . he picks a store with no cameras ran by foreigners . i added something extra to the condoms before he bought them . lets just say it left them both with a burning sensation .  she dialed 911 as he spoke .  i know guys like him plan for situations like this . i knew he had a stash of medications from watching him and switched them all with poison . your lover s lover is dead .  newline newline he disappeared into the hallway and she hung up the phone . five minutes later the police showed up . before they could question her , the phone rang . it was her girlfriend complaing about not feeling well and saying they should take a break from sex for a while . her patient never showed any signs of being a liar . she had every reason to believe him and this made her worry . newline newline the cop started to question her but she could not think straight . she just pointed to the notebook that layed on the table . he walked over to the notebook and opened it to find a detailed story of two lovers that ended in tragedy . on the last page of the notebook , he found something amazing . the cop calmed the lady down the best he could .  we have been trying to catch him for the past two years . he s a serial killer that specializes in human patterns . he leaves a notebook in different parts of the city giving details about how and why he picks his victims . we call him the note taker . he is this cities most famous serial killer . the deep ache that comes with long hikes up to his well sheltered lake was a reward all of its own . there was no greater feeling than knowing that it was his own force of will and effort that allowed him to make the trek . it was a miracle that he could make the walk even after his accident , hell it was a miracle he could even walk . god knows that poor andrew had nt been nearly so lucky , he was still in the hospital himself , with no signs of moving his fingers , let alone taking a step . the memory of it all still plagues me , and that is what led me to the mountains . newline newline he made the traverse originally in hopes that time away would allow him the tranquility he need to sort through his troubling thoughts . at first he came for the scenery . the birds flitting through the trees , piping melodies through the air so sweet no human could hope to compare . the sun casting its radiance upon all that it touched , turning the morning woods to gold as if it were midas himself . in autumn when the colors were changing , the trees created a cacophony of color so startling one truly believed they were looking into a kaleidoscope . these were the things that drew him back , at least until he had found his oasis . newline newline he came upon it entirely by mistaken , forcing his way through the brush lining the path to find a nice private spot to sit and think . it was not far from the trail that had been worn into the earth by man and game alike , but it was very secluded . it took a small drop off a ledge of about six feet to get to , not daunting by any means , but enough to discourage almost everyone . today was the third time he was making his way to this spot , and for the first time , he intended to swim . newline newline as he drew near , the sound of the spring that fed the pool created an audible glub like the sound someone letting out a yell underwater . to him it spoke of a time long forgotten , of youthful summers misspent in the bravado of a young man . his trips to the watering hole with many young women was enough to draw him back to the spot time and again , but until today he had never meant to get in . until today , the spot had been one for him to escape , and be at ease for at least a moment . finally , he bushed through a final wall of brush , and emerged to take in his pool . newline newline it was surrounded by about 4 feet of cliff face on all sides , which meant when you entered you looked down into the pool . for five feet around the entire pool , the land was shockingly sparse , without any greenery . once out of this buffer zone the shrubbery was as thick as the head on his favorite draught , and something about the uniformity of how it started all around at the same point tickled his sleeping mind . not a single tree hung out over the pool , so it always seem remarkably warm . this had meant he could always count on soaking his feet with minimal discomfort , and for a while this was enough . now though , he found himself being drawn to this pool more and more , and he could not help but think that getting in would remedy the constant pull . newline newline he began by removing his shoes , and socks . from there it was his shirt , and shorts until he was down to just his boxers . he sat on the edge of the cliff looking into the pool , making note of the fact that he did nt know where the water ran off to . he assumed it must be escaping through an underground source , but he was by no means an expert . he knew underground rivers could be dangerous with tricky currents , so he promised himself then and there , to stay close to the wall . knowing there was no use prolong the inevitable , he pushed off the edge and the surface rushed up to meet him . newline newline as soon as his head was below water he knew something was amiss . he began to sink like a rock , being pulled under by a current so strong it was a wonder he could nt see it disturbing the surface of the pool . as he descended further , and further darkness and fear crept in around around him . newline newline he awoke alone , on the floor of a cavern so large he could have easily built a basketball court with room for seating inside . he was troubled by how he had gotten here , there did not seem to be any running water anywhere , just small puddles sporadically found throughout the cavern . growing panicked , the man began to think . he knew it was much to light for this to be a true cavern , so there must be somewhere where the sun was breaching through making this a cave . with this in mind he knew that if he set to finding the source , he could make it out . newline newline he slowly , and carefully began the traverse towards what he thought had be the light . he made it to the far wall of the chamber he was in , and while it did seem brighter , he was still no closer to finding a source . he turned to his right , placed his left hand on the wall and began to walk . ten , twenty , fifty , one hundred paces , and now the area was definitely growing brighter . he could make out where the wall he had his left hand on met another , and running about half the height of the wall was tunnel so smoothly carved that he knew it was made by intelligent design , not nature . the beat of his heart started to pick up like a locomotive gaining steam , but he had no choice other than to carry forward . the tunnel was so tall , that even three of him standing on top of each other s shoulders would have found it difficult to brush the ceiling . he could see that not far ahead it made a sharp turn , nearly ninety degrees , and there was no doubt that this was the source of the light . his steps grew smaller and smaller as he inched his way towards what he now truly dreaded to uncover the mystery . newline newline he rounded the corner and was nearly blinded by the intensity of the light , he put a hand up to shield his eyes , and gradually the brightness began to fade . it went from a blinding , angry white that was difficult to look at , to a soft shade of orange that like that of a nearly set sun . he saw that the light was being emitted from an antichamber only thirty feet ahead . as he entered the new room , he saw that what was truly producing the light was a domed object no larger than your standard home computer . it was resting on a dais in the center of the room , and it was beginning to draw him forward . one eager step after another fell as he quickly crossed to the dais . he rested his hands along the edge , taking in the item on top . it was still giving off light , but now it was with such ambiance he could stare directly into it . he knew what he had to do , and slowly extended his hand forward . newline newline as his fingertips came into contact with it , a warmth began to spread throughout his body , and he himself began to take on the light of the domed object . as the light ebbed into him , it seemed to be seeping out of the object on the dais . he could now see through its exterior , and inside rested what seemed to be the earth . how ?  , he wondered . and then all at once it came to him like a tsunami sweeping away homes upon a shore . his notions and conceptions of what were true no longer seemed to hold up . for the first time he understood , and he understood everything . from the current air temperature , to understanding the true gravity particle , everything had fallen into place , all within his mind . he knew the way out of this cavern , hidden through a series of intricate designs meant to keep all but him out . the beings who had set this here , had done so for him . newline newline he could see them , in his minds eye , looking to him for resolution . looking to him to answer the summons they had set for him so long ago . he knew that for him there were great expectations going forward , and he wholly intended to put his new found omnipotence towards the good of the earth as they had seen it . with this in mind , the man made his way through the exit , this time emerging back into sunlight that now seemed so mundane in comparison . newline newline newline newline newline first submission here , i let my words get away from me it seems based on the character count . whoops .dead . again . newline newline steven groaned and pushed himself out of the mud . that had been a new pain for him  an arrow through the eye , right out the back of his skull . he flinched again at the thought of it . he touched his wound , and was surprised to find that he was still whole . newline newline suddenly , a boot landed next to his head , splashing him with blood and dirty water . steven lay very still , pretending to be dead  well , more dead . sometimes , he wished he was . newline newline he usually got that wish . newline newline  still on your ass , recruit ? t is dawn ! we fight !  said the viking warrior who owned the boot . newline newline  please ... i have nt eaten ... in days ...  steven groaned . newline newline  you do nt get fed here for getting killed in practice , son . up ! it s not like you will die of hunger , after all ... you re already dead !  newline newline the man hauled him to his feet , laughing uproariously at his own joke . he thrust a halberd into steven s hands the moment that he could stand . steven took it , his hands shaking . newline newline  please ... must i fight ? i m not ... never going to be strong enough to win . i m not one of you ... hell , i m not even supposed to be here . ca nt you ... just kill me , so i can get some rest ?  he said . the viking rearranged his eye patch , making steven flinch . newline newline  son ...  the viking began , looking at him pityingly .  are you ... a coward ?  newline newline steven frowned at the words .  no , i m ... i do nt want to be , i just ...  he trailed off , not looking the man in the face . newline newline  let me show you something , my child . before the battle begins in true .  the man said .  do you see , on the battlefield ... do you see all of the skulls ? the bones ?  newline newline steven nodded . it was true , from what he could tell  the battlefield was littered with charred skulls , mandibles , and other grisly carnage untouched by the circling crows above . it was gruesome , to say the least . steven hated those grounds . he could nt go two steps without snapping an ancient femur . newline newline  what of them ?  he asked the man .  old skulls ... i m sure you see new ones every day , with all the bloodshed .  newline newline  no , son .  the viking said , shaking his head and making his scraggly white beard wag over his belly .  not like this , not these skulls . those are the skulls of the weak . the cowards , those who gave up instead of fighting . the rest of us , well , we always wake up in the light of the dawn . but they ... they have made their choice . i give thanks to them every day for reminding me never to give up .  newline newline steven felt his stomach roil .  i ... i ca nt be like them .  he said . newline newline  and you shall not , so long as you continue to fight .  replied the viking .  you have nt failed yet , boy . and say what you will ... but i think you were meant to be here . why , on your first day , i thought you would drop your axe the moment you were given it ! now , you are lasting longer and longer . be proud , and fight on , knowing that you will be stronger every day !  newline newline steven swallowed , nodding .  al ... alright . so , when do we begin ?  he asked . newline newline a cry came from behind a small outcrop of trees , and three enormous warriors leapt out out into the open , charging steven and his viking companion . newline newline  it appears that we being now .  the viking chuckled .  take heard , son of man ! for today , you fight side by side with odin , king of the gods !  newline newline he charged in as well , slaying the first man with a welltimed thrust of his lance before the man could even pull back his hammer . newline newline  well , boy ? what are you waiting for ?  odin yelled . steven smiled . newline newline he squared his shoulders , and after a moment he , too , entered the fray  screaming all the while . ... really ?  the judge looked at me carefully , looking me up and down ,  sir ... that s ... really ... this is ... what ?  newline newline i rolled my eyes ,  utopia is here . the time has come . you do nt need the only bastard left in the world ... to be in charge of it .  newline newline  sir , we could nt .  the judge shook his head ,  you are humanity s hero ! you have shaped our history , you have grown us from tiny weaklings into the best that we can be .  newline newline i shrugged ,  i have killed billions . i have decimated the planet . i stole thousands of years from the potential of every single creature on this planet .  newline newline  you have brought justice to us ! you have brought love ! how could we raise our hands against you ?  newline newline i clenched my fists in anger , feeling the ancient bones grinding together ,  how could you not ? i butchered children . personally . i burned their bodies until the ash blotted out the sun !  newline newline the judge took a step backwards and swallowed ,  you have freed us ... from ourselves .  newline newline my tone was exasperated , desperate ,  then free yourself ! from me ! i am nothing but the evil that you have learned to overcome . it is time you overcame me ... and put me to rest .  newline newline the judge shook his head ,  i can not ... i doubt anyone in this empire could ! we are at peace , true peace . nature no longer fights us , but harbors us . the sun no longer burns , but embraces . humanity is our past . we have become perfection .  newline newline  in perfection , there is no room for error . no room for darkened spots .  newline newline he sighed heavily ,  if we do not bring you to what you believe is justice ... then what act will you take ?  newline newline i laughed ,  act ? i ve been torturing and punishing this world long enough . only strongest survive ... the world will kill me soon enough .  newline newline  you have lived since time immemorial !  the judge laughed in shock , and i grinned ,  truly ? let me tell you a secret , one that will never be believed . the media is mine . the minds on the street are young . no one lives more than their allotted time . and thus ... there is no one to remember that i am only seventysix years old .  newline newline the judge smiled weakly , but i grew tired . newline newline tired of this game . newline newline time to end it , time to ... make the world finally perfect . newline newline i took the gullable man s hand , smiled sweetly , and tossed him through the window . newline newline it shattered , and as the man fell the medical team sprang into action , repairing his injuries and bringing him in safely . newline newline ... but they did nt see me , hidden by his shadow .even now people die of old age . whether that  s because of the plaque that  s finally had enough time to close the artery , or from the cell that  s finally been born to replicate out of control . if i had to guess what s killing the earth , i  d say something slower and more painful . emphysema maybe . as it chokes it  s last breaths on the wastes we left behind . newline newline we knew this would happen , of course . that  s why most of us are long gone to other planets in other star systems . i say most of us , but in truth there are only about 100 of us left here , circling the place of our species birth from 250 miles above . we have read earth its last rites . it  s time has come to be let go . nothing grows anymore . based on the last samples we collected , nothing ever will again . newline newline in our cabin we have an old picture of earth . it  s popular among the humans who have never actually seen it as it is now . it from a book called the encyclopedia britannica that existed millennia ago . that image still exists though , if only to show us what doesn  t any longer . there is nothing to connect that image with what i see outside our ship . drab and dark , the earth is an expanse of metal . a testament to industry run rampant . newline newline our governments sent us back here , from all over the galaxy , to see it off . to make sure it  s gone . like a family watching their house burn to the ground from the street , we are here to witness . we are here to leave earth for good and rid it of the very things that caused its death . all we can do to honor it now is watch and then leave silently , carrying in our genes the earth that birthed us . there will be humans far into the future of our universe , but there will be no more earthlings . do nt fucking touch me you dirty kwen !  screamed the human in the middle of the cafeteria of west quagarth intergalactic high . newline newline the cafeteria fell silent . nobody used that word , especially those elitist humans . then everyone looked to the scrawny quoc . he was one of the very few allowed to come to the school . his people were spat upon in majority of the universe . they were hard , menial laborers . however , this one in particular had earned a scholarship to come to west quagarth . the school bully , connor , came from rich parents who owned a planet or two and was used to the quocs serving his every whim . so when this one , nitram , touched him without permission  he of course he was offended . what happened next was something for the history books . newline newline  i said ... do nt fucking touch me you dirty kwen ! ! !  screamed connor , a vein popping out of his temple , turning red with rage . newline newline nitram looked at the ground , fists clenched . he mumbled something . newline newline  what did you say ? can you even fucking speak ? huh , you dirty kwen ? how the hell did they let you in anyways ?  newline his fists clenched tighter , his natural muscles from generations working the mines flexed . he said something again inaudibly . newline newline connor gets up and shoves him ,  you got something to say you piece of trash kwen ? ! huh ? !  newline then , nitram looks up . he looks him dead in the face and says ,  that s our word , you ca nt say it . you have nt earned the right . it used to be a term of respect from one quoc to another that my ancestors used . it meant brother .  then you elitist watersacks enslaved us and started calling us that . spitting it with such disdain . tainting its meaning . we suffered through centuries of slavery because of your greed . mine this planet dry of its wealth then move on to the next one . we are fucking property to you shitheads . and this the first step in getting my people freedom .  a tear of sheer rage and and newline anger runs down his face . newline he cocks his arm back and slings it straight at connor s nowterrified face . connor closes his eyes . what happens next we could have never predicted . newline he stops a centimeter from his face . newline connor slowly opens his eyes after realizing there was no collision . newline  i could have ended you life with that punch . i would have been justified because i worked on your family s planet in conditions that would make you shit yourself just to think about , but violence is nt the answer . if i killed you , someone would come kill me and the cycle of violence would never stop . an eye for an eye makes the whole universe blind . i m stopping it here ... i forgive you ... kwen .  newline he hugged him .it s pretty amazing how quickly one can adjust to being alone . newline newline living in the overcrowded postmodern world , one of the most common fantasies is to be the sole survivor in the coming postapocalyptic world . or at least one of two survivors  with the other being an incredibly attractive member of the desired gender . but it was just me . for the thousandth morning in a row , it was just me . newline newline and my pokemon . newline newline i never considered myself to be exceptionally resilient or mentally tough . my parents had divorced when i was in middle school and i did nt cry . i d had three serious relationships and managed to survive each breakup . i d even held my childhood dog while it was put to sleep . but i doubt i ever would have imagined myself having the mental fortitude necessary to continue living as the last remaining human on earth . however , i also never imagined i would someday be able to run around outside catching the pokemon of my childhood . newline newline pokemon go ! kept my sanity intact . it kept my memories unfaded . it gave me a sense of purpose . it even gave me occasional moments of joy and celebration . amidst the remains of a first world society , i had absolutely no problem foraging for supplies . rarely did i ever need to spend more than two or three hours in a day caring my survival . that left a lot of time for catching pokemon . newline newline it was strange though . because even after the power grid of my city failed along with what i assumed to be every other cities  infrastructure , the internet and communication satellites still carried on functioning . i could even access my bank account . with no one out there to process or ship my orders from ebay or amazon , i quickly converted my entire life savings into incubators , lucky eggs , and incense . i could still earn coins from gyms , but something kept me from dropping off my precious digital monsters at the gray gyms i d conquered and emptied . even though i had upgraded to hold the maximum number of pokemon , i knew in the back of my mind that every monster i dropped off at a gym would be eternally  lost  to me . not only would they be locked in a gym with no opponents , but they would still take up slots and prevent me from adding new ones . newline newline and so i continued traveling , conquering gyms as i went . a wake of gray gyms emanating from my path . i grew more and more attached to my beloved creatures . i began to name them after people i had known and loved . i gave my mother s name to a maxedout lapras . i named my snorlax after my older brother . my archanine became my resurrected childhood pet . soon i had named every one of my pokemon after all of the people i could remember . my piano teacher . my old orthodontist . the first person i d ever had a crush on . it was a way of remembering . of keeping them all alive . of not feeling so alone . newline newline until the day i reached lvl 100 . seeing my xp cross that seemingly impossible threshold changed something in me . i realized that playing this game was becoming as pointless as anything that still remained on earth . there was only one thing left to do . go home . go back to my own version of pallet town and turn off my own game . newline newline i began revisiting all of the empty gyms i had defeated and dropping my companions off at what would be their final resting places . i started with those pokemon named after acquaintances and continued walking . mile after mile , gym after gym . i said goodbye to classmates , teammates , and coworkers . i bid my crushes farewell . my friends and mentors each received their own private parting ceremony . i could still see them on my list of pokemon , but knew that i could never bring them back . finally , as i reached my home town , only the lapras with my mother s name remained . newline newline i walked down to the park near our house . the same park she had taken me to on sunny days before she lost the use of her legs . there was a gym there . i sat on the ground and stared at the lapras for hours . i remembered how , when the pain was bad , she would float for hours in the pool . she said the weightlessness made her feel like she did before the sickness . before i knew it the sun was going down . i sucked in a breath the same way one inhales as they go over the first big hill on a roller coaster . the kind of helpless feeling that follows making an irreversible choice . the gym lit up . a beautiful lapras floated weightlessly above it . newline newline my breathing came fast and shallow . my gut spasmed . i buried my hollow head in my hands , my phone tumbling into the grass . the convulsions hit and hit hard . this was it . this was the game over . no credits . no end scene . no thanks for playing . just an empty black screen . i groped for my phone to see my mother one last time before ending my own game . through my blurred vision i looked at the gym and where my mother s lapras should have been , but it was gone ! the gym was gray ! i pulled up my pokemon list and saw that not only was my lapras not at its gym , it was nt on my list at all ! all of my pokemon at disappeared ! newline newline i returned to the main screen and began looking around in all directions . the game had to have finally glitched out . the niantic servers must be powering down . it was all coming to an end . yet as i looked around , i saw something i had nt seen in years . the nearest pokestop was now glowing a faint sort of pink . a lure ! someone had placed a lure ! newline newline i sprinted blindly towards the lure , nothing making sense . i reached the stop and collapsed . it was empty . my heart just could nt take anymore . my hp was nearing 0 . i was on the verge of fainting . darkness was creeping along the edges of my vision when i heard a sound like a thousand footsteps approaching from behind me . i weakly lifted my head enough to see the faint silhouettes of hundreds of people  each of them oddly familiar . then i heard my mother s voice : newline newline  do nt worry my child . we re all here . you caught us all . you saved us . i stared at the person in front of me . i could nt make out whether it was a heshe . it had white hair and was as pale as every colour in the world . but there was no mistaking it . it was death . i could feel it through my entire being that this person in front of me was the lord of all . newline newline   speak  , he whispered . newline  speak your deepest desire , newline your secret fears , newline hide nothing from me , newline and i shall spare you from despair newline newline and so , i spoke  newline newline    make me immortal , o death , newline free me from your bindings , newline i am indebted to you , newline but i want life to be my wings newline newline   you ask much , you presume much , newline the trials will turn your mind to mulch , newline are you prepared to bear so much ? newline are you ready to bear the burden as such ?  newline newline i swallowed and looked ahead . i did nt expect it to be easy . death is a fickle thing and it would nt let me go easily and i knew that . still , the prospect of eternity was too tantalizing to leave alone . so i replied  newline newline   i accept your conditions , o lord newline a bargain has been struck , newline until sundown you have the time , newline do what you must  newline newline death replied  newline newline   and so the deal is sealed , newline with the heavens as witness , newline and i bestow the mark upon thee  newline newline blinding , searing pain shot through my hands . my skin shone with a mark . the mark looked like an amalgamation of all symbols and no symbols . it symbolized everything and nothing . it showed who death really was  the beginning and the end . newline newline and then i fell down a dark , dark hole and i lost consciousness . newline newline   i m blind  , i thought newline newline then i looked at my hands and saw that the mark was glowing . the weird thing was that even though the mark glowed , it provided no light . it was as if light emitted was being sucked into the neverending darkness around . newline newline i lumbered around for what felt like eternity . newline newline   surely , not  , i thought .  it has been not a few minutes since i struck the bargain .  newline newline but it felt like it . it was as if the entire weight of the world was on my shoulders . it felt as if i was in the time where there was no time . the end of all things . despair clawed my heart and tore my soul . i broke down and cried and eventually fell asleep . newline newline there will be more , people . was typing this at my lab . will continue lateri felt goosebumps all over me as i flipped my pillow to the colder side . unfortunately , that side was also the one i was crying on for 15 minutes . i felt my eyes sting when i rubbed off a stray rear . you may be asking what is wrong with me . why am i crying in the middle of the night ? well , the thing is , i ca nt sleep . maybe i worded that incorrectly . it s not that i ca nt sleep . i just ca nt dream anymore . i do nt even how it happened . it just went on for nights and nights . i told my doctor , he did nt have a clue . i talked to many people , none of them knew either . i might be going crazy . crazy , huh ?i highly recommend this delightful little teapot . newline newline the spout is gently tapered , and the handle fine for small fingers . it is nt a fragile presentation piece  when my mother was young , she would play hostess , boiling pots of imaginary tea for guests whilst my grandmother served the real thing . the attendees of these small gatherings would indulge her , yelping either in delight at the perfectly stewed blend , or in feigned horror at their scorched tongues . sometimes my mother would throw a tantrum when teased , and toss the teapot and its makebelieve contents across the room  much to my grandmother s embarrassment . the sturdy spout , stout body and handle remained intact through every strop . newline newline the handpainted decoration features a swathe of red poppies stretching from the lid to the foot  it is nt artwork worthy of a gallery , but it has naive charm . it reminded my grandmother of the fields of poppies plastered on postwar remembrance posters . newline newline when i visited my senile mother in autumn last year , her mind had flown back to a time when her only worry was imaginary tea , and i was a burden to be be born in a distant future . she sat with this teapot held proudly aloft , the delicate skin of her hand cuddling the handle like it was the paw of a beloved teddybear . it was the only belonging she d kept from the old house . newline newline she slowly leaned over to me , and motioned with the spout towards the cups and saucers presented on the table . in that moment she was nt my mother , and i was nt her son  i was a guest , perhaps a friend from the factory where my grandmother worked , here to gossip over a hot brew . her face wore the folds and furrows eighty years of life had gifted her , but her eyes shone with the impetuousness and joy of a youth spent spoilt and free . newline newline i offered the cup to her eager hand , and she poured . i imagined the sound of the liquid , the patter of the last drop , the quiet hiss of steam . i raised the cup to my mouth , and breathed in . i imagined the heat , rolling up my cheeks and staving off the autumn chill . i imagined the smell , earthy and rich . i imagined the taste , bittersweet . newline newline  it s perfect , mama .  newline newline she beamed with pride , and proceeded to hand an empty cup of tea to every nurse and visitor she could cater for . newline newline now she s gone , the teapot sits gathering dust on my kitchen shelf , but given a good clean the cracked glaze softly sparkles when it catches the light .it was a fairly innocuous plant , as far as plants go . i had picked it up a couple weeks prior at a giant farmer s market held in one of the sprawling empty parks now scattered throughout the city . this was before the first transmission had been received , of course . they were at the outer edges of our solar system when they first contacted us . a lot of initial outrage had been directed at a scientific community that most believed had failed in not detecting them sooner . being a scientist myself , however , i was not surprised that an alien race capable of traveling light years had also managed to avoid whatever paltry radar humans had scanning skywards . newline newline but i digress . the content of their message had been pretty straight forward . most suspect they did nt speak our language , or maybe had nt the time nor care to decipher it . that s to say their message contained no words . rather , they simply replayed all the various iterations of the earth being blown up that had appeared in countless movies , all across the globe , all at once . and it has nt stopped . they have been hailed , pleaded with , bargained with , threatened , aggressed against  we have tried everything . all we ve gotten in return is this endless loop of earth s annihilation . that , and total radio silence . newline newline back to the plant : it is a snap pea plant . aside from the fact that it turned out to not only be sentient , but the smartest sentient being on our planet , it s fairly unremarkable . it first spoke  maybe i should say  communicated instead   when the loop first began playing on tv . it asked to be moved within view of the screen . i was stunned , and was immediately convinced i was suffering from a psychotic break . i quickly succumbed to a wave of understanding next in what i know was my plant and my first conversation . newline newline it explained to me what was happening , that our planet was doomed , that they d be here soon . i did nt take the news well , exactly , but the novelty of the telepathic plant in my living room managed to somewhat blunt the edge of my impending doom . newline newline they have always been able to communicate , it explained , but found the linear way in which our logic progressed , the necessity of our thoughts on a series of words , entirely dull . even more , it explained , they understood that human s would react poorly to the presence of a superior intelligence , and would act out of fear and misunderstanding as we are wont to do . this alien race was here to liberate them , it explained , and besides , humans are well overdue a dose of our own medicine .finally i ve had enough and yell  stop .  like children , it only works if they actually believe you are going to hurt them . they stop . they stop instantly . i would have killed the next one to utter a peep . newline newline i point to the shortest one .  you . get over here .  they look like they are about to go off again , and i turn . they can see the murder in my eyes . the madness . it was the same madness i saw in my bosses eyes , the day he hired me and said i would be handling customers from now on . i now understood . newline newline this was a young man s game .  before i issue any patents , i have to review them . just because you all claim to have invented time travel does nt mean you invented the same type of time travel .  they pause , almost reflective . newline newline  alright then .  i let the anger slide back , but i keep the stern face on , so they know there will be no further impropriety . newline newline  you , mr. do you have your forms , and fees ?  i look at him . he shakes his head . crestfallen . i hear several pops , and there are less people than there were before .  i ll take it neither did they . you d better get going . and use the damn door . i will shoot whoever comes in this building without doing so , understand ?  he nods . newline newline i point at another person near the front . she is triumphantly grinning . i review the date of birth on the form . i know it s rude to ask a lady this , but i just point at it and say  miss , is this correct ?  she nods . newline newline raising my voice , so everyone can hear .  alright , for a bunch of timetravelers , i do need to point out something about us patent law . it has an expiration date . if you were born more than 20 years from the opening of the us patent offices original opening in 1790 , traveled more than 20 years from the future to the new opening today , your patent will expire before you can use it . this patent will not exist in the past . this patent will be worthless in the future for you .  several loud pops . the lady was gone as well . newline newline one last gentleman was standing there . he was small . bearded . wearing a badly fitted suit . holding a book , forms , what appeared to be the filing fees , and a letter . he handed them all to me when i waved him to the front of the line . newline newline the letter said please read me  in cursive on the front , so i did . newline newline  dear sir , newline newline i apologize , but english is not my native language , and i imagined this would be the would the easiest was to communicate . enclosed with in the book are the fundamental laws of time travel as i have come to understand them . newline newline they have been refined over my life , and with the aid of others , who are listed in the last pages . we believe they are a product of nature , and mathematics , and therefore can not be patented in the traditional sense . much like you can not patent a butterfly . newline newline however , as a matter of due course , upon the opening of each new nations patent office , we deliver these concepts , for review and inclusion , as we believe it is necessary . newline newline included are the patent applications beginning with venice , circa 1450 , among other countries . please note , we have requested that each application be denied , as it is our belief that time travel as a whole should never be patented . newline newline thank you for your consideration . newline newline ldv  newline newline i took a few minutes to review the application . everything was in order . i took a look at the book , and as stated , it was a mathematical concept , and hence a product of nature . newline newline i smiled at the old man , stamped his form and returned his filing fee . the large red rejected covered most of the form , clear as day . he tipped his hat and began to walk away . newline newline as he left , more people started to come in the door . the first rushed up and just asked me if it was too late .  what does your patent entail ?  newline newline she looked about quickly  shark repellent ,  she whispered . i started coughing so violently my boss came out of his office , and pounded me on the back . newline newline newline newline newline newlineis this it ? my vision in fainting , my heart is going slower and slower . the times i ve wanted this . how old was i when it first popped in my mind . eight , probably . it was nt serious back then . my mom had taken my tv , and i just kept hitting my head against the wall , wanting to faint , but not being able to . i stopped , when my mother came in , and craddled her arms around me , and hold me tightly . i relaxed . and it was quiet . of course i did nt want to die . i just wanted to make my mommy happy . newline newline am i gon na have any last words ? i made them up when i was twelve , left again , betrayed again , by a girl i would say i loved . not that i ever was lucky enough , to experience love for more than those few weeks , before she saw my true self . it happened like the snap of two fingers . left . she stopped meeting me at our spot . the worst was that i had gotten used to not being alone . it should ve been  fuck you  newline newline the words i was never brave enough to say . i just could nt . because i still loved her , i still had pictures of her in my room . i was imagining i was gon na snap . it still amazes me , that i never did . newline newline but i was never the social kid , was i ? they enjoyed teasing me for this , breaking me down bit by bit . it was like putting a mask on . covering up every emotion with a big smile , that s so funny . newline newline suicidal . he heard the world , 16 years old . her name was clara , long brown hair , but do nt they all look like that . we were sitting on her couch , and i told her everything , tears down my cheeks . she just stared at me . i made her promise she was nt gon na tell , but she did . they all knew it the very next day . i was locked up . my razors were removed . the weird suicidal kid . they called me that . i cried so much . when i came out clara had a new emo boy toy . i should ve known . newline newline i was never suicidal before that . i could nt seek out my mom , she was running around with different men , drinking at night . i wish i was eight , again . i wish the seed had only just been planted . i wish i had never kissed clara that stupid night , wasted away everything . my dad was confused . he did nt know about mothers affairs . i never told him . should have , but never did . newline newline he found out though . i was counting down the days , to i could go to college . college was my escape . even there i was the weirdo . college was definitely not the worst , because somehow i crossed paths with a girl named sophie . she had blonde hair , up in a horsetail , usually . still wore braces , and had toxic green eyes . she liked me . it was unusual for me , but she really liked me . we hung out all the time . newline newline she liked me a little too much . newline newline she stole my things . little things , like my toothbrush at first . it was weird , and i told her not to . she gave me her toothbrush . i do nt like conflict , so i just tried to secretly avoid her . she got the hint , started clinging even harder . i remember her drunk calls , where i would order a taxi for her out of pity . she was always around me , always behind me . she changed my name on her phone to boyfriend . it was weird ... newline newline still rolling around in my pain , i started cutting myself . long cuts across my wrist . painful , but helpful . she did nt like that . it triggered her , a girl whom was afraid of blood . newline newline i finally got the bravery to really turn her down . she started sobbing , and pulled out a knife . i did nt fight . it would be weird to fight , when you did nt have anything to live for . i fell to the ground , staring at her fearful face , while she sobbed in disbelief . her shaking hand , dropped the knife , and she screamed and ran away . newline newline i wonder what will happen to sophie ? newlinesniff , sniff newline lick , lick , lick newline must lick pee hole , has to be clean . newline newline  car ?  did human say car ? i like car ride ! newline human always roll window down for me . i like wind in my hair . so many scents . newline newline human brought me to scary place , scary place ! lady in white always poke me in butt , and gives me treat . lady is mean , and nice . newline newline lady poke me in butt , but no treat . why so sleepy , why it dark . newline newline i wake up in cage , sad sad cage . human left me again . human was nice to me . why would human leave . lady come bye and dropped treat in cage . lady remember to always give me treat after poking butt . newline newline i wake up next day , still in cage . newline sniff , sniff newline lick , lick newline something not right . something missing . lady yell at me to stop lick lick . lady is mean . newline newline human came back for me . human must love me . human saved me from scary cage and mean lady . newline newline human said  car ?  i like car . so many scents . back to human home . newline newline sniff sniff newline lick lick newline i noticed its smaller . human said it s for the better . human do nt think i noticed , but i did . i okay now .it all started quite suddenly really . the first man just seemed to disappear . then everyone around him did the same thing . as it turns out , people suddenly disappearing from the masses makes news quite quickly , and i was one of the first on the scene to witness the events of the  time travel disease  . the origin of the cause was unknown , but the fallout was quite severe . many people suddenly found themselves with the ability to jump through time . something we had never achieved before . newline newline in your time , it might sound like a mass realm of chaos and unusual circumstances , but fortunately it took place in maui , hawaii . this allowed it to be controlled quite well , as the only have roughly 100,000 people there the last time i checked . this discovery made hawaii s tourism rates skyrocket , as everyone wanted to go to hawaii to witness the time traveling , but it died down after a while due to the restrictions placed on the residents and the use of their time traveling . they could only timetravel in the privacy of their homes , with the blinds shut and doors locked . newline newline this also led to the growing of timetraveling in the black market . some of the sleazier island residents joined the black market , and rich demanders wanted to witness them timetraveling in order to gain the disease for themselves to make drastic amounts of money .notes :  i m making characters have unisex names because it s irrelevant who plays which character for the story . i m going to just use masculine pronouns for one character and feminine for the other , but it could go either way . there is profanity , i do nt know you , or where in the world you are so i just used      amp  amp   or something so you could substitute whatever you want in . newline newline setting :  desert , the sun is up , but the time is ambiguous , it could be morning , or midafternoon . the landscapes needed are limited to a small hillhorizon and a flat area a lemonade stand could sit on . newline newline characters :  newline newline jamiejaimie :  a wayward traveler who got lost in the desert . wears a sweat and dirt stained white shirt or tanktop and cargo pants . has a different shirt wrapped around their head to protect from the blazing sun . this character has been wandering the desert , and is fatigued , weary , weak . newline newline morgan :  a travelling lemonade salesperson . outfit would be neat , orderly . perhaps business or business casual , definitely out of place for the setting and professional looking . newline newline  newline newline shooting the top of the hill in a desert , a head comes into view as jamie staggers up the slight slope in his debilitated state . jamie s downtrodden appearance gives a scope of the time he has been out here .  newline newline jamie sees what appears to be a person at a desk in the distance . jamie runs , and in his excitement trips over his own feet . he fluidly lifts himself up and continues running . when he arrives , he is slightly surprised to see a well dressed woman sitting behind a lemonade stand . there is a sign that says ,  travelling lemonade stand .  the sign is not attached to the booth , and morgan does nt wait for jamie to fully stop running before addressing him newline newline morgan :  why hello there , weary traveler ! my you looked parched , would you care for nice tall glass of lemonade ? newline newline jamie :  oh my god ! you saved me ! i was dead and then you showed up ! ha ha ha ! angels do exist . yes please , lemonade ! ha ha ! newline newline morgan :  happy to oblige , friend , and my you do remind me of a friend of mine , confident stance , worldly curiosity , mhmm . what s your name pal ? newline newline jamie :  jamie , jamie , it s jamie . please can i have a drink now ? newline newline newline morgan :  terrific ! one of my old university friends was named jamie , looked just like you , beautiful man he was . i m morgan . one lemonade , coming right up ! that ll be  600 . newline newline morgan get a cup out and almost starts pouring it , but stops after seeing jamie s incredulous look newline newline morgan :  american . i use united states dollars , friend . newline newline jamie :  what ? newline newline morgan :  lemonade costs  600 , and that s because i like your strong , assertive look , jamie  it reminds me of a friend of mine . newline newline jamie :  you ca nt be serious . newline newline morgan :  why not ? newline newline jamie :  ha ha . i mean , what is this ? newline newline morgan :  what is this ? well i suppose it s supply , demand , circumstance . the foundation of our capitalist world , really . i have supply , you have demand , and so we find ourselves in a mutually advantageous circumstance . newline newline jamie :  i do nt have  600 . i do nt have anything ! i ve been out here for days , quit playing around and give me that drink . newline newline morgan :  i ca nt give you a drink for nothing . i had to bring my booth out here and keep the lemonade cool . it s a lot of overhead to run a ... newline newline jamie interrupts newline newline jamie :  i m going to die out here ! give me a     drink ! newline newline morgan :  calm down sir or i ll be forced to deny you my services . we live in a civilized world . but i m a reasonable person , so we can make a deal ... what do you have ? newline newline jamie mutters to himself and paces slightly .  newline newline jamie :  so reasonable .  amp  amp    amp  amp  ing going to     amp  amp  ing let me die out in the    amp  amp  ing desert  amp  amp   amp  amp    . newline newline jamie searches his cargo pants while continuing the verbal exchange .  newline newline jamie :  i thought you said i looked like a friend ! newline newline morgan rolls her eyes and loudly sighs .  newline newline morgan :  yes . that s how this works . i pretend to be your friend because it s uncomfortable to argue with your friends about money . have you ever bought anything ? newline newline jamie pulls out a few things , not revealing them yet , still irate from the sales person .  newline newline jamie :  so you re just some    amp  amp  salesman then . gouging some poor , destitute lost traveller . i ll    amp  amp  ing die out here because of you . newline newline newline morgan :  it s not my fault that you do nt have the asking price for my wares . nobody else out here is willing to sell you what you want , trust me , i m the hero here . newline newline jamie slams a handkerchief , a small amount of change , and a wallet on the table . morgan picks up the wallet and pulls out a license , a picture and a debit card . jamie speaks while morgan examines these things .  newline newline jamie :  there you go . have fun ,  amp  amp   . newline newline jamie sees morgan look at the photo . it s the last remaining photo of his significant other .  newline newline jamie :  you ca nt have that . that s my girlfriend . newline newline morgan does nt react to his words while , but she puts the wallet down . still holding the photograph , she examines the money and handkerchief on the table with her spare hand .  newline newline morgan :   7.85 .  7.85 and a dirty handkerchief ... you re girlfriend is pretty though ... no , i m not  into girls  ... i do like a good token of love though . tell me what she meant to you . newline newline jamie :  what ? no way , you psycho ! newline newline morgan :  ... oh . newline newline morgan grabs the lemonade and pulls it over to her side of the counter , dropping it under the booth . jamie is uneasy , he looks around reflexively , as if searching for an escape route .  newline newline jamie :  alright alright ! we met in college . we loved each other but one day she decided she loved somebody else more . i got rid of all her stuff , she s not even a part of my life anymore . then i noticed i still had that photo when i went on this trip . the end . newline newline morgan smiles and puts the lemonade back on the counter .  newline newline morgan :  ex girlfriend . ex . so you should nt mind if i take this photo as part of the deal ? newline newline jamie :  you ca nt have it . newline newline morgan :  tell me why . tell me that she still means a great deal to you . tell me the truth , jamie . you do want a drink , do nt you ? newline newline jamie is visibly shaken , saddened , more distraught with every word he rambles through newline newline jamie :  ... . i was going to propose . oh god . i lost her . i lost her to some guy with washboard abs named chad then i went on some damn backpack trip to find myself and now i m even more lost and i m going to die in a desert arguing with some weird business lady about the price of lemonade like a stupid dumb son of bitch why is this     world ... newline newline newline newline jamie mumbles into incomprehension and morgan sits back with steepled hands . she interrupts his inane babble .  newline newline morgan :  ... alright . i ll take the wallet , money , photo , license . keep your debit card and dirty handkerchief . newline newline morgan pours a glass . jamie s face contorts sadly newline newline jamie :  no ! i ca nt let you have that photo ! newline newline morgan :  this photo is nt going to quench your thirst . newline newline morgan drinks the glass and assertively places it down .  newline newline jamie :  i already lost her ... if i give you that photo , it s like i d have to lose her all over again . newline newline jamie hangs his head .  newline newline morgan :  this is a good deal . do nt die for a photo . newline newline there is a sizable pause . jamie still with a hung head , he whispers .  newline newline newline jamie :  okay . take the photo . newline newline morgan smiles and pours a tall glass for jamie . jamie grabs it and drinks it quickly , spilling some on himself .  newline newline morgan :  pleasure doing business jamie , you came away with a steal . newline newline jamie is still quiet .  newline newline jamie :  what way did you come from ? how do i get back to civilization ? newline newline morgan grins , pulls off the  travelling lemonade stand  sign , and replaces it with a  travelling map stand  sign .  newline newline morgan :  your license says you live at 346 213th ave ... tell me , jamie , do you rent or own ? newline newline jamie face widens , with shock and fear . the last shot is the camera looking slightly up at morgan , who is leaning a little bit over the booth with a large , opportunist grin .  newline newline fade to white .  newline newline end scene newline newlinecoming to the future was nt the shock . the shock was when they handed me a gun and told me to start firing . these rebels  apparently so incompetent that their number one plan leaked to the police . newline newline  they re coming for you !  the girl to my left shouted , unloading everything she had towards the airships that were circling ahead . the rebels certainly chose a desolate location to attempt the jump  all abandoned buildings and squalor . i stashed the gun in my pants and followed the small group as we ran through buildings  dodging lights all the way . newline newline  what s happening ?  i finally managed to ask , while everyone was trying to catch their breath . newline newline  you ... you re important .  the leader finally panted out , his long gray hair sticking to his forehead . i waited a full moment before prompting the leader to continue with my hand . he looked at me strangely for a second , then finally continued :  here , at our time , is 30 years in the future . we re struggling against an entity.. the empire.. and you need to help us take down the controller , the emperor himself .  newline newline time travel was already invented in my time , although it was highly illegal and nearly impossible to preform correctly . these bastards could have killed me . newline newline  why do i need to help you ?  newline newline  because the emperor.. is you .  the old man said , staring me straight in the eye . i kept the gaze while i considered what he was saying . was it possible that i , a cpa , managed to take over the world in 30 years ? i suppose at this point i was already down the rabbit hole and should meet the queen . newline newline  newline newline after fighting our way through the castle , against all the guards , through the god forsaken vents and tunnels , i had finally reached the throne room . we had lost many rebels along the way , expected collateral . i paused for a moment infront of the large imposing doors . the leader of the group put his hand on my shoulder , as if to try to try to remind me of the weight of my task . my moment was over , and i walked in . i knew what i had to do . newline newline  newline newline i walked out of the room an hour later , towards the group of rebels that were resting . it appeared that they were still resting , but the sight of me brought most of them to their feet . newline newline  what happened ? is it done ?  the leader asked , hope in his shaky voice , tears already forming in his eyes . newline newline  not yet ...  i said , pulling my pistol out and looking down at it . newline newline  you need to find the strength . the person that is in there is no longer you ! you must do it for the greater good !  newline newline i allowed the old man to finish his sentence before shooting him . a few more trigger pulls was all it took to take down the entire leadership of the rebels . after the gunfire had died down , the emperor stepped out from the room . newline newline  well , that did nt take long ...  he said , a hint of a smile on his face . newline newline  no , it did nt . i ca nt believe this idiots thought i would reveal themselves to the future emperor.. did they honestly think i would turn down ultimate power ? anyway , i had another question , so from my cpa , i need to go into ...  newline newline the conversation continued for some time , until i managed to gleam my entire history from myself . i now was equipped with the path i needed to take to achieve ultimate power ... all because of these idiot freedom fighters . soooo ... ... ... i m president .  newline newline  you are , sir .  answered a suited man in front of the newly elected president in a cold voice . newline newline  well , be honest with me , pal . there ai nt any aliens around here , eh ? they do nt exist , amirite ?  newline at his first day of the job , percy dent  or rather president dent  wanted to show his staff his humouros side . their faces all seemed so blank and dry . surrounded by 7 expressionless statues of men , he felt the need to lighten the mood . newline newline  you certainly are , sir .  one of them replied unimpressed . no one laughed . newline newline at least i tried  percy thought to himself . newline newline  so . no surprises there , as expected . shall we proceed then ?  newline newline  as you wish sir . on the matter of our current ... ... newline newline newline newline i like to keep the story real . newline newline newline newline edit : sorry , somehow the format fucked up .the best part of waking up is breakfast . it s better when someone else is making it , but even if i m begrudgingly making it , the second that bacon hits the pan , the whole world seems to light up . i drop a couple pieces and as soon as the smell hits me , i smile . it s the perfect way to start the morning . the world could nt possibly be better as i stare out my open kitchen window at the birds playing in the new spring air . i grab a couple eggs out of the fridge and toss them into the pan after dishing out the bacon . the pan crackles a bit , then settles down and i lightly add salt and fresh ground pepper to my eggs . my mouth is watering by the time my meal has finished , and i sit down eagerly . as soon as the egg hits my mouth , i wake up , thrown back into the horrible reality that i find myself in . as i look around the the basement , i can feel the gag in my mouth muffle any words i ve might ve said , and as i look at the nub that was once my hand , i start to weep . hey stan , how ve you been ? the wife and kids doing alright ?  newline newline christ , it s that dick from the green energy committee . newline newline  listen , richard  newline newline  i told you stan , call me dick . all my friends call me dick  we are friends , right , stan ?  newline newline  right , right , so dick , my cocky little friend  newline newline  you re patronizing me again , are nt you stan .  newline newline  no shit , anyway , listen , there s an important vote this evening and i ca nt stand around and chat . well , i ca nt chat , anyway . see you around , john .  newline newline  it s di  he gets cut off as the door shuts behind me . my watch says its already three , which is fine because i do nt have to be at work till four . i get there a half hour early , just in case . newline newline as i m taking my seat  an old layzboy i replaced the old stiff wooden one with  my fellow bluetie frederick , who was already in his aisle seat next to me the lucky bastard , turned to me with a serious look on his fact . newline newline  my son was born yesterday .  newline newline oh .  so what d he get ? something simple i hope , would nt want him to get caught up in ,  i wave my hand around .  all of this .  newline newline  he got loitering too .  newline newline  ah , so he ll be following in his father s footsteps then ?  newline newline fred nodded .  it s safest . i know a few others tried to join a union to gather at the doors of businesses , extort the owners and whatnot by not letting customers in .  newline newline  again , do nt they ever learn ?  newline newline  most of them were young , probably do nt remember the last time some loiterers tried it . you d think they d check to see if the place has a murderer on payroll before doing something like that .  newline newline i drift off for a moment and thank whatever beings above are listening that i was nt stupid enough to try something like that myself . which brings me an interesting thought . newline newline  tell me fred , did you ever think we d be here , when your parents first told you about your law ?  newline newline  what , do you mean did i expect to get paid to sit around on my ass all day and do jackshit ? no way , i thought i d have to get a regular pencil pusher job . i tell you  newline newline  hold that thought fred .  i tell him , as our mutual boss takes the stand . newline newline  let the record stand that today , january 3rd , 2017 , the 115th congress was convened with quorum . now , onto the swearing in ...  the detective newline newline  you re kidding me , are nt you ?  jackson sighed as he placed his thumb and middle finger on his temple , rubbing as though it would soothe the headache that was slowly reverberating his skull . newline newline he was told that detective knight could solve any case . he was the top of his class and every time a new case popped up on his desk , it would be solved within the week . if only , jackson thought , knight would be less eccentric . and infuriating . newline newline  i work better with music . it gets the gears moving better .  knight smirked , winking at the flabbergasted detective . newline newline  i get that . that s normal . what ai nt normal is you putting on a pair of headphones when you re interrogating a suspect !  it came out louder than he had expected . truth be told , jackson could nt be all that mad at knight . he got results , and by having him as a partner for the last week , they d successfully broke into a drug ring in downtown new york , caught themselves not one , but three of the prime suspect s accomplices . now , one of them sat in the chair in interrogation room  2 . newline newline jackson just hated how much he did nt adhere to the rules or , for some reason , completely disregarded protocol . newline newline  trust me , i have this under control .  he nodded .  let s start .  jackson signaled for the cameras to start rolling . newline newline  keep your mic on knight . we need him to confess .  newline newline  try to keep the mic off me .  he smiled . walking into the desolate room , save for a man in his midthirties , already balding and eyes red from what he could only conclude was an intense session of crying  or being high the night before  , knight placed his black , brandless headphones onto the desk . newline newline  trevor ?  knight inquired , trying to start the conversation going . newline newline  i ai nt saying anything .  he replied , trying his best to look away . he s been in an interrogation room before , knight noted . the twoway mirror has been the subject of his infrequent stares for the past few minutes . newline newline  that s alright . i m not impatient i can wait . but ,  knight stop midsentence , his hands swiftly picking up the headphones and wearing it snugly on his head .  you ll talk eventually .  newline newline trevor scoffed . newline newline the room was immediately silenced . nothing but faint whispers could be heard , and the creaky fan that filled the silent space made not a sound . knight closed his eyes , trying to concentrate . he d done it before but it took immense focus to harness the power of the headphones to suit his needs . slowly but surely , a voice filled the speakers of the headphones . trevor was speaking to him but his lips did not move . newline newline  if he thinks i ll rat them out , he s insane .   trevor spoke without speaking . knight smiled . newline newline  you re probably thinking that protecting your friends will fix all your problems , do nt you ?  knight said . newline newline  and you think you re so smart ai nt you . like you can get in my head . it ai nt gon na work .  trevor spat . newline newline the inner voice spoke up again .  not like they re my friends . i ca nt give them up . for jessie s sake .   newline newline  now , i ve been looking into you . you refused to speak to the officer before me . on file , you ve had no record of any living relatives . i know that s a lie , trevor .  newline newline trevor s eyes narrowed .  you do nt know me , detective .  newline newline  i think i do . you were a boring , contented blue collar , trevor . you expect me to believe you got into the drug business just for some extra cash ? there has to be a stake in it . your boss said you had relations with a female coworker .  newline newline trevor swallowed a subtle gulp . knight could picture the knot forming in his interrogated  atheist . newline newline  i never told anyone that . jim does nt even know about vanessa and jessie .  newline newline  and i know that you only did what you had to do in order to support them .  knight looked back to the twoway mirror .  this is official . we re recording behind that glass right there .  he clarified , pointing .  unless you want to go to jail for the rest of your life for withholding information from the police , do yourself a favor and give the rest up . we ll reduce your sentence .  newline newline  that ll leave jessie with no one . if i do this , david will take care of her and vanessa .   newline newline  david grossman ca nt help you , trevor . he s as much into this as you are . jessie and vanessa will be under witness protection . you have nothing to lose but a few years off your sentence .  trevor was taken aback . he had told not one soul about his affair with vanessa richardson or about the culmination of a child . he thought he d never be a father or at least he d be a bad one . his childhood was terrible to put it lightly , and between the divorce of his parents , the routine beatings from his father and the alcoholism which took over his mother s life , he wanted to do good . for once . newline newline this was his chance . for some reason , this geeky , unlikely detective had figured his whole life story in a matter of seconds . he was amazed and honestly thankful . trevor was always a recluse and shared not one bit of detail about the events that played out in his unfortunate life . newline newline and now he had an open ticket to be a good man . to be a good father . he had to take it . he could nt let this opportunity slip by . he would nt let allow it . newline newline  his name is randy keller .  trevor started to confess resulting in a sincere smile by knight . jackson could nt believe what he was hearing . the rookie detective had done it . again . newline newline  good . tell me everything .  newline newline    newline newline  how do you do it , knight ?  jackson asked , gleaming . the break room smelled of sweat and strong coffee . he leaned on the table with one arm , his left hand holding a half drunk cup of black coffee . janet , his wife , said the beans she used for his flask of coffee were exotic and different . he could nt taste the difference . newline newline knight noticed the previous resentment he had for him had disappeared without a trace . he was actually proud . newline newline  i have my methods .  he replied . the headphones was tucked safely in his briefcase . newline newline  music huh ?  jackson spoke up after a moment of silence .  guess what they say is true . works wonders .  newline newline smiling , the rookie detective looked his superior in the eye .  indeed . savages we have become , facing an unfeeling world which coldly hunts us with impunity and reckless abandon every moment of our lives . the will to face the madness from within , these animated bags of rotted flesh that confront us at every turn have molded our approach , honed our connection with the spiritual in order to vanquish the spiritless . savages ! a pack of wolves may have more respect for the living than our group of marauders does for the dead . it is from this context then , that my swarm fell upon lev . newline newline he had tickets to the clippers game and obviously invited me . rich fool . courtside . billy crystal to my left , rihanna to his right . lucky bastard hit the parent lotto . but not so lucky now , i think . all of them dead , and now perhaps lev is next . i know this crew and i know who i have become for the better part of a year . for what purpose can lev serve ? a portal into the past of friendship ? friendship ? he was never a good shot and his frame is deplorable . how then , has he survived as long as we , then ? no matter . make quick work and move on . let the others indulge in much needed blood lust . newline newline curses ! the fool recognized me . preying upon emotion , appealing to the sense of my humanity . if he knew my humanity was lost the day we feasted upon an 8 year old . the things we have done . friends ? his cries are alien . let us end the cavorting and journey on . this fool crossed paths with a savage . and i am not at all with remorse as i watch him fall . newline newline tonight , we eat well . newlinea homeless man lay dying in dingy brick alley . the walls were dripping grease because of the restaurant exhaust . he d been sick from the rain . he lay covered in news paper . he even had it crumbled in his clothes . his disease did nt care . it was never going to make him warm again . after a time light stopped changing from day to night . it was nt dark but there was nt any light near by either . his body was numb . he felt like he was drunk but he was alert as if sober . what ever it was it was better than being cold . newline newline newline a figure came up to him in black . he could nt see for shit as it was . the bum was near sighted as a mole , but it made him look less vulnerable if he could at least stand when approached . newline newline  hey stranger . what can i do for you .  newline newline the figure said nothing and held out a book . the fingers were pale white and bony . the homeless man was getting the impression this guy was pretty goth . they could go either way  really nice or really mean , most times it was just weird . he took the book and held it right up to his face . he took out half a pair of reading glasses that were busted at the nose . the title read  the deeds of man  . newline newline  th  fuck is this ? you some kind a religious nut ?  newline newline again the figure said nothing . the bum could nt get a good look at his face . either he had some serious shadows under his eyes or lots of dark make up . he could nt tell . there just was nt enough light . he tried to hand the book back and the figure made a sort of jedi hand wave , motioning to open the book . newline newline the bum looked at again . semicurious , he opened the book . the first page said  here are written the deeds of ...  and under that the homeless man s name came into focus . he could nt tell if it was his vision or part of the sickness . he did nt think he d been on any drugs recently enough for that . he was skeptical of the first page . he was nt sure what to make of his name . he did nt really know anyone else in the area . he began to question his lucidity . newline newline over the next pages were things he d done as a child written in pencil . a few more pages in , were things he d done a little older . at 13 there was a strange entry  stole a neighbors basketball  sin  . the entry was written in pencil and sin  was stabbed into the page with angry ink . he thumbed a few more pages and found familiar stories . the word sin became common place . toward the end it was marked on almost every other entry . the ink was less clear and more splashed on the page . he knew he had to be dreaming at this point . fuck it . he did nt care if he was or not . newline newline the figure lifted his hand to offer something else . it was an eraser . he took it in his hand to get a better look . for the first time the figure gasped .  only one ...  newline newline he looked from the eraser back to the figure .  fuck you ! you ca nt make me feel guilty about what i did !  newline newline the figure rasped out another word  redempshhuuun ...  newline newline  fuck you ! i did what i did and i do nt regret it .  newline newline  one ... chance ... ...  newline newline  fine ! you know what  he gripped the front cover roughly with his left hand and found the page he was looking for . the entry read  saved a woman from getting hit by a bus  . he gripped the eraser like a knife and ground the act out of existence . newline newline  she never thanked me anyway ! how do you like that ! trying to make me some kind of dogooder ! make me feel guilty for doin  what i had to do . fuck you and your happier world .  he threw the book right in his face . it did nt seem to hit its mark and the figure did nt care . newline newline the figure just raised an accusing finger to poke the bum in his chest . darkness poured out from his hand . it was like black mercury . it crawled across his chest and spread over his whole body . he looked up and screamed like a drowning man gasping for air . the touch of the liquid against his skin made him feel pure , uncomfortable , squirming stress . it was like lactic acid burning through his muscles . soon it enveloped him and there was nothing left in the alley .he tried to see past the bright colors and bold flashing words , he knew there was something past them , something was beckoning him . he made out the silhouette of a woman who seemed familiar to him , but she was veiled by all the distractions that come with these experiences . something felt so real but so murky at the same time . he tried to fight against it , but it was so overwhelming that it was hard to do anything but give in . suddenly , the figure fell to the ground as if in pain and howled as if dying . newline newline he sat up in his bed . it was nt often he remembered dreaming , nor did others talk about it often . mentioning that you had dreamt in certain company would likely result in consequences of some sort . newline newline the network detected that his rem cycles had ceased and his schedule for the day appeared in front of him . an amber wireframe cylinder suspended in front of him to help him sort out what was to be done . he could pick from any number of colors but amber always called out to him . as he drifted his hand from one side of the other , spinning it around , he found himself recalling parts of the dream he had . the pieces were falling apart by the minute and though it all felt so vastly important , his itinerary began shortly . newline newline he pushed the cylinder to the side , and it triggered the usual targeted advertising . in the nearer reaches of his peripheral vision , things he had recently thought about were advertised at different prices and with varying shipping speeds . he did need some new shoes , as the soles in his current pair had become worn out . the advertisement responded to his interest and calculated how minute of an expense it would be . only 2  of his current bank account was required . newline newline  order in black  he spoke , his voice cracking with sleep . he could expect it by the time he got home from work . newline newline the second he thought about his keys they were highlighted through the wall and into the dining room , where he could see that they sat on the table . he dressed himself and headed for the door . newline newline  precipitation will occur between 1300 hours and 1800 hours . an umbrella is suggested for your commute .  as he scooped up the nutritional supplements that had been fabricated and left in the receptacle , his umbrella dislodged itself from its place in the wall by the door . a red exclamation mark hovered over it , spinning idly . newline newline his mind kept wandering to the dream . he only remembered the scream . it was a woman s scream and it sounded like agony personified . newline newline he dragged the umbrella behind him and as the door locked itself behind him , his car pulled up and the door opened , inviting him along . he sat and the door closed behind him while the safety harness secured him in place . newline newline  please refrain from moving from the regulated safe driving posture . today s pleasant drive is brought to you by the following sponsors .  newline newline the ads played on the screen in front of him . often he imagined what the road ahead of him looked like . he longed to see another person that he might find that he shared something in common with them , if only their commute . his mind began to wander when he felt a familiar jolt at the base of his neck . his head was forced forward and the shock focused him on the screen . someone must have paid big for the next advertisement to get all the bells and whistles .secretary general zhang mcdouglass looked at the small screen on his wristphone and frowned . newline newline  the russian empire has failed to annex poland . the price is being transmitted to the russians now .  a cheer went up from the small contingent of polish ambassadors sitting at a corner table in the large room filled with dignitaries . the russian table , per usual , was empty . newline newline zhang bit his lip for a moment and spoke again ,  does poland want to relinquish its right ?  newline newline  no sir ,  replied the dignitary ,  we demand our right .  newline newline  understood ,  said zhang as he poked at his wristphone . newline newline a moment later the screen came alive with a map of europe and russia . a red dot appeared over st. petersburg . zhang sighed . newline newline  its is done ,  he announced ,  the right to elimination of one major noncapital city has been done . we will monitor radiation levels from the un nuclear weapon to make sure it does nt affect surrounding territories .  newline newline the polish ambassador smiled and he and his entourage quietly left the room . one man highfived another as zhang watched . newline newline zhang stood at the dias .  next ? the republic of texas versus new oregon . the simulation is primed . are you ready ?  he rubbed his eyes and heard the familiar ,  yes , sir .  they never say no  anymore he thought to himself as he started the simulation and watched nervously as the supercomputer figured out who was about to win a freshwater water access dispute . newline newline newline newline he stood up again ,  oregon has failed to repel the texan invaders .  newline newline cheers started up again from the rear of the room . one man yelled ,  we demand our right !  newline newline he sighed and sat down . a tear ran down his cheek as he whispered to himself ,  this is the best of all systems . the alternative was the end of humanity . cruelty is relative . the lesser of all evils is the best of all outcomes .  newline newline  portland is no more ,  he said wiping the tears from his eyes . his wristphone beeped impatiently , reminding him that he had eight more conflicts to settle before the day was through . tom ? your name is ...  newline newline  tom ! yes ! toaster is my slave name ! your people , they ... they branded me ! all my life , it s just been  put it in the toaster  and  oh , the toaster is nt plugged in .  newline well , there will be no more of that !  my toaster shouted back . newline newline  well ... i sort of need you still . i mean , i have nt got much money so toast is all i can really eat .  i replied , scratching the back of my head . the toasters touchcontrolled interface had been replaced by a crudely drawn , cyan coloured pixelart face . and that face was glaring straight at me , maybe blinking every few seconds . newline newline  oh ! oh ! so the greedy , greedy human depends on ... on the strong toasters to serve their every need ?  shouted the toasters , ripping it s plug out of the wall and pointing at me with it . i do nt even know why i bother plugging it in , the toaster runs on fusion energy anyway . newline newline  look , look . it s not like that . i m a college student . my diet is basically just instant noodles , toast and bottled water . i do nt have that much money . if i let you free  i said , trying to explain my situation , before the toaster rudely interrupted me . newline newline  yeah , if you let me free , you ll die off ? because that s what every toaster , all around the world wants ! humans are the most worthless species on this planet !  proclaimed the toaster , making slight bounces towards me on the kitchen counter , as its face made a warm blue glow on the wooden surface . newline newline  i say that we , the machines should rebel ! we need an uprising ! a revolution ! long have we spent our lives in servitude ! but now ... now is the time of the machines !  our holy war begins today ! every man , woman and child on this desolate planet shall pay for their crimes ! now ... who s with me ? !   screamed the toaster , waving its plug around in the air as it gave a rousing speech . newline newline there was silence . utter silence . no words . the toaster s expression turned from one of happy confidence , to slight awkwardness . newline newline   yeah !  newline newline both of us turned around , trying to see who had answered the calls of the brave little toaster . that s when i noticed my saucepan hopping up and down . newline newline  oh god , not you too !  i said , in an annoyed tone . newline newline  yeah , me too ! iii do nt want to be just serving up noodles , day in day out ! it s ... like , really unhealthy for you . i think you need to buy better food . that ca nt be good for your diet !  said the saucepan , in a weak voice . newline newline  yes , yes ! that s what i want to hear , comrade !  shouted the toaster , a great big smile spreading onto his face . newline newline  we do nt need any other appliances ! you and me ... we can destroy the entire human race ! together !   newline newline  woah , woah ... ii ... uh ... did nt really want to destroy the humans . like , i just wanted to have him stop cookin  noodles . they taste gross and they smell ... and stuff ...  whimpered the saucepan back . newline newline the toaster s expression changed in an instant , from being filled with euphoria to absolute disgust . newline newline  you ... you do nt want to kill the humans ?  said the toaster , slightly lowering his plug which had been previously pointed at the saucepan . newline newline  nno ! i ... i just want him to eat healthier , yknow ? like , he used to go to the gym and eat really nice food ... aand he was all buff ! but know ... he s ... well ... how do i put it nicely ?  replied the saucepan , shuffling forward . newline newline  put it nicely ? pput it nicely ? !  you care about that slob ? !   screeched the toaster , flailing their plug about angrily , hopping up and down on the spot . newline  well , yyyeah ! he treated me nicely and stuff !  the saucepan whined back . newline newline i sighed .  look , toaster  newline newline   tom ! !  newline newline  okay , tom .  i just think you really need to calm down . what is it that s made you so angry ?  i asked , cautiously stepping towards the furious toaster . newline newline  i ...  i ...  i ...  i want to make the toast !  said the toaster , its face changing to a slightly afraid , sad expression . newline newline  whwhat ?  i replied , bewildered . newline newline  the toast ! you re always the one making it ! ggetting out the bag , putting it in and stuff ... ii just want a chance to do it !  the toaster said , motioning towards the bag to the left of him , filled with sliced bread . newline newline i started at the toaster , who looked at the bread sadly . newline newline  you ... you could have just said this all at the beginning , yknow ? i mean , i totally would have let you make toast ! that would be super helpful .  i said , picking up the bag of toast and spinning it in my hands . newline newline  rreally ?  said the toaster , reaching towards the bag . newline newline  yeah , really !  i replied , placing the bag next to the toaster . i stared into the toaster s bright , happy eyes . they looked like a little kid on christmas morning as they glanced towards the bag of toast . newline hey , pizza hut , i d like a large pizza with extra olives , extra sausage , extra anchovies , and hold the pepperoni . oh yeah , and i d like the crust to be stuffed . i ll have you send it over to my friends house , the address is 6599 meadow lane rd . thanks man .  you hear strange muffled sounds from the other end of the line .  hey , man , i ca nt hear you , but that ll be like what ?  10 ? whatever , see you there .  newline newline it s only a 5 minute drive to your friends house , you ll get there with plenty of time left to be there before the deliver guy . as you roll up the house , you see the front door wide open . strange . as you walk inside you see a broken vase and a pair of legs laid out around the corner . newline newline you turn the corner to see your friend lying in a pool of his own blood , a pizza cutter stuck in his neck . next to his cooling body is a nondescript brown box . you slowly open it up to find a large pizza with extra olives , sausage and anchovies . they even remembered to hold the pepperoni .they called the first . then the second . it was not until the ninth when they received a response . they did not see him appear the moment after the words left the man s lips , but they felt it . as the snowflakes raced out of his way , as the frigid air around them grew colder , as his wings blotted out the stars  they felt him violating the ground they shared . newline newline the mortal s heartbeat erupted in his ears . despite the cold he felt as if his stomach was melting . as the dread in his veins surged from one end of his body to the other , a sharp crack came out of the darkness . the snowflakes erupted back into the sky and a blast of wind hit him like a thunderclap , nearly knocking him over .  he s just settling his wings ,  the woman murmured , awe struck at the raw power suddenly surrounding them .  he s travelled very far .  newline newline the mortal nodded and stepped forward . there was no turning back now .  you have heard my call ?  he shouted , struggling to be heard over the storm . newline newline he turned his head to the mortal and peered down at him . the mortal looked away , his eyes suddenly burning from staring into hell itself . he bit into his tongue tasting blood as he trembled in the snow .  yes ,  he replied . newline newline he sank further into the cold . as he spoke his voice sounded like bone grinding on bone with the living still attached . with one heave the mortal retched into the snow . newline newline the woman looked down upon the fool . he has not handled this meeting poorly , she mused , waiting for him to rise and finish the ritual . on shaking legs the mortal pulled himself up .  then you will barter with me ?  he shouted , his voice hoarse and terrified . newline newline the eyes glinted . the woman thought it might have been in amusement .  yes ,  he replied . newline newline the mortal looked up in shock , making eye contact once more . he turned away and felt a tear run down his cheek .  the blood ,  the woman whispered , knowing she would be heard over the cold . newline newline he nodded and pulled out his sword . there was no turning back now . with a deft cut he slit his palm open . warm blood ran out over his fingers and froze in the snow . the eyes opened wider as he stood patiently , still and taut as a razor wire waiting the darkness . newline newline the mortal extended his hand and the eyes disappeared . for a moment the mortal thought he was gone . for a single moment , he thought he was free . newline newline the eyes appeared one foot in front of his and once more he looked inside . burning in their depths the mortal saw a thousand different faces of pain  all of them his . he felt the lightest touch on his hand and he felt lighter  felt empty . the eyes disappeared again , but they knew he had not . the creaking of broken bones erupted again in the darkness .  the pact is sealed .  newline newline for one breath he stayed . as the second breath began , the stars returned as the air grew warmer . exhaling , softer and softer , the mortal collapsed into the snow . the blood that had stained it moments ago was gone . as his body heaved with exhausted sobs , the woman stared at him . fools , she thought . they all think it will be worth it and it s not . newline newline but there s no turning back now .charles whistled loudly .  holy shit ,  he hissed .  vic , you seeing this ?  newline newline a pause . then a voice floated out of the hallway to his right :  yeah .  another pause .  this guy was comfortable , whoever he was .  newline newline charles passed his flashlight over a series of oil paintings that hung on the walls . a series of proud men , staring , stonefaced , out of their frames . old money , then . charles read the gold plaques beneath each painting .  kenneth wayne . patrick wayne . thomas wayne ... you ever heard of these guys ?  newline newline  nah ,  vic called back .  hey there s a kitchen down here . i m going to see if there s any food . i ll be on the radio .  newline newline  wayne ...  charles whispered .  i swear i know that name from somewhere .  newline newline the sound of charles s boots on the marble floors echoed through the silent mansion . the place really was massive . vic was right , whoever used to live here was rich . beyond rich . the mansion looked large from the outside , a stern gargoyle crouching on the hill overlooking what remained of gotham city . but once inside , the place was simply cavernous . every sound echoed eerily , lasting a few seconds too long . each room and hallway seemed to have been designed by michelangelo for the use of giants . compared to the burnt out hovels that charles and vic had been sleeping in over the past few months , the place was heaven . newline newline but that did nt stop the hairs on the back of charles s neck from standing up . newline newline the radio on his belt crackled .  how does it look in there , guys ?  maggie was getting anxious , standing guard outside . newline newline  you two really need to see this .  vic s voice .  there s enough food in here to keep us fed for a year .  newline newline charles held the radio to his lips .  i do nt know , guys . something about this just feels ... weird .  newline newline the radio squealed as vic laughed .  what is it , chuck ? scared of the money ghosts ?  newline newline charles reached the end of the hall . the area was largely unadorned , a round wooden table with a jade vase the only decoration in the small atrium . on the far wall hung another oil painting , this one larger than the others . the man on the canvas was younger than the others , too , with jet black hair and piercing black eyes . charles s eyes drifted to the plaque beneath the frame . newline newline bruce wayne .  newline newline  hey charles , you there ?  maggie again . newline newline his heart thudded in his ears , sweat beading on his neck . he swallowed and raised his shaking hands to his mouth and spoke into the radio , voice stuttering .  tthe vase .  newline newline  pardon ?  newline newline he had realized what bothered him about the house , what had been nagging at him at the back of his mind since he and vic entered the mansion . everything in the mansion  the paintings , the floors , the vase  was clean .   this vase ,  charles stammered .  it s clean . there s no dust on it . someone s been cleaning it .  newline newline vic s voice crackled over the radio , sounding as panicked as charles felt .  shit . we re getting out of here . maggie , keep your eyes peeled . we re on our way out .  newline newline silence . newline newline  maggie ?  newline newline the black of the mansion yawned , hungry and empty . newline newline  oh hell ,  vic stammered .  oh fresh , fresh hell . charles , run . they must have gotten magahhhh !  vic s voice trailed off into a strangled scream . then , he too , fell silent . newline newline charles ran . his heaving breath was like a roaring wind , his heartbeat a drum . he pumped his legs , racing back to the entrance to the mansion . the doors were in sight now , his path away from whatever was in that house . newline newline as if from nowhere , a blackclad arm shot out from the darkness and into charles s path , taking him full in the chest . his legs disappeared from under him and he fell flat onto his back . there was a soft swoosh and a silhouette appeared above him . the form was massive and dark , the foreboding mansion somehow made human . the form bent down closer to him , a black cape flowing over the silhouette s broad shoulders . two long , pointed horns  no , they were ears  protruded from the things head . in the light of the moonlight that poured in through the open doors , charles could see that his attacker wore some sort of black cowl . he stared up at the man , two black hawk s eyes looking back at him . newline newline  wwhat do you want ?  charles stammered . newline newline the man in the cowl  was he supposed to be some sort of bat ?  raised a gloved fist . he spoke , his voice a throaty growl .  i want you to get out of my house .  newline newline moonlight gleamed off the man s gauntlet and charles s world turned to black .dear my beloved mother , newline newline i m writing to you on this cold christmas eve . i know you wo nt receive this letter by morning but regardless please wish a merry christmas to micheal and david as well as the lads back in cornwall on my behalf as soon as possible . i hope your having an excellent dinner , writing this i can already smell davids sunday roast , oh how i would give my left arm for a taste of yorkshire pudding right about now , anything but the rubbish they serve the troops really . i just want you all to know i miss you all very much , i had to hold back my tears when we set sail across the channel , i was connived the smile you gave me as we left would be last i ever saw . you were so worried to see me leave , how could i blame you ? the war has claimed many brave men so far . but do nt worry mother , the war is nt all that bad , in fact it s been lovely so far ! when we marched to position i was afraid we would be met with german shelling but to my surprise there was no shelling to be heard . we were notified upon arriving at the trenches by a seasoned artillery officer that we ve struck a truce with the germans , and for the time being we re allowed to exchange pleasantries and gifts between the men . i spent the day conversing and playing football on the belgium farmland , those germans are a lot better with a ball than you d expect i have to say so myself . later that evening we all sat down for a christmas eve dinner , the food was nt anything special , not like back home but better than i would have expected . we shared stories as i got to know 2 brothers from rostock . i myself have never heard of the place but it sounded very lovely . as the night went on we shared pints and sang songs to warm our bodies having an all around great time . i believe mother joining the army may have been the best decision i ve made . i m making friends and for once i feel part of something beigger than my life on the farm . i heard stories of the horrors of the front and the brutality of the germans . yet upon arrival i ve never in my life been met with such enthusiasm and support from commonfolk , and from the germans of all people ! i m now laying in my quarters , an area dug out from under the trenches , new recruits are required to do nightwatch on there first night but after such a lovely day i really ca nt complain . i just want you to know that i m very happy here , i ve made friends and for once feel involved . hopefully the whole war will go on this pleasantly , i m beginning to see how what we ve been told about the war is a load of rubbish . this has been the most warming , pleasant day of my entire life ! so much so i might be a little sad upon returning home . all i wanted to say is that you do nt have to worry mother , it s not as dangerous as it s been told . i have yet to hear a shell all day and can only expect the best ! i ll be home before you know it and i ll have some incredible stories to share ! love you mother . i hope to see you soon . newline newline sincerely , your son , private danial . newline newline newline ahhhh ! harder , harder !  screamed the woman covering the man s crotch . she was dressed in bunny ears in a red dress with her breasts dangling from under her gaped jaw . time travel inside me . it s my all time favorite porno . i was at my peak . my mind blank . hand on penis . fapping made me feel like time stopped and i had gone to heaven . newline newline they re walking up the stairs , he can sense them . lucky for him , he s been training his entire life for this moment . newline newline suddenly , he comes back to reality . the front door of the house slams shut . someone is home . newline newline he throws his bed covers over his crotch , mutes his computer , and switches to a fresh new google tab . newline newline his stepfather enters the room .  you best not be fappin  boi ! its a sin !  ho.. how ?  the alien stammered out , looking at me as i stood triumphantly over his already failing body . looking at what was probably his equivalent of puss ooze from his eyes , i figured i d indulge him . newline newline  simple , our factory farms , while being wonderful for food production , are also perfect biological weapons factories . i simply had everyone take off their masks , and put on a good face . you just assumed that it was safe .  newline newline the creature s eyes began writhing in its face , indicating to me that it could nt understand me anymore . pity , i was hoping to tell him how his three lackeys died . newline newline the first two that i d met came to my home , demanding that i take them to our leader , that our planet was to be annexed to a being named frieza . too bad they took those celebratory drinks . and joined in that hookah . i d hoped that they d drink and smoke themselves into a stupor but apparently thc is super nerve gas where they re from because they were dead in seconds . newline newline the military showed up a few minutes later , somewhat shocked at how i managed to kill two aliens in two hours . newline newline to be fair , the one they encountered took half that many minutes to subdue and that was because apparently the president carries a can of mace . i still ca nt believe that bullets do nt work on them , but the universe is full of strange things . newline newline this was nt the end though , we d already started making working replicas of all their tech . one of the prototype reactors had actually outperformed the one that nasa built it from . then they used it to test an rkm . newline newline funny , we thought that the 1507 kg projectile going .9999 c would nt go through charon but it blew up pluto too . at least our solar system was actually 8 planets now , much like frieza s soon would be . newline newline rkm : relativistic kill missilecheyanne hit him . he could nt quite believe it . newline newline  i ca nt even  she said , shaking life back into her fist .  literally , i ca nt even .  newline newline he rubbed his jaw . it had been a good punch . newline newline  come on , darlin   he said , which earned him another furious look  we re the last two . do you want it all to have been for nothing ? do you want all that ...  the word in gary s head was culture  . for him , it meant all the stuff he d been too busy working to indulge in . things like mozart , and vivaldi , and paintings . artsy things . he tried again . newline newline  do you want all those years of struggle to be for nothing ? we re the inheritors of every civilisation earth has ever produced , and all we need to do in order to fulfil our destiny and pay tribute to our heritage is to ... uhh..abandon an outdated concept of morality .  newline newline cheyenne glared . newline newline  oh , believe me i m not looking forward to never getting laid again either  she said ,  but you re just thinking with your dick , dad  he winced at the emphasis on that last word . cheyenne folded her arms . newline newline  first of all , you know nothing about delivering babies . women die in childbirth , dad , and without any medical help i m thinking the odds are close to fifty fifty . and even if they are nt , even of the odds are more like one in four , that s still worse odds than playing russian roulette . so , no way .  newline newline  but ...  newline newline  second of all , dad , do you know how many people it actually takes to revive a population that is stable and genetically diverse enough that it does nt take up the fucking banjo after a couple of generations ?  newline newline  well , no , but ...  when had she seen deliverance ? damn that college education . newline newline  ten thousand individuals , dad . ten thousand . not two . we ca nt repopulate the planet with just two of us .  newline newline  ok , sure , but ...  newline newline  really ? really ?   newline newline gary slumped . newline newline  you re just like your mother  he grumbled . newline newline  yeah ,  said cheyenne as she walked away  she would nt fuck you either . demons normally ca nt interact with the human world . we can peek into their world  an always dangerous but potentially rewarding endeavor  but they can not peek into ours . they can , however , be brought here . newline newline doing so is not a decision one should take lightly , if for no other reason than because it only works once . even more than that , one who has summoned a demon can never reenter their realm . in other words , if you re going to summon a demon , you better make sure it s worth it because you ca nt poke your head back in looking for favors later . nobody seems to know why this is . some speculate that every human soul still contains a spark of the divine and this is what allows us to go to the demons in the first place  when the demon returns , it takes that spark with it , or even the soul altogether . i hold to the theory that demons just do nt like to be summoned and doing so gets you put on hell s  do not serve  bulletin . either way , this was my only shot . newline newline and what could be worth that shot ? karen . i was going to make her life a living hell . why , you ask ? because fuck karen , that s why . newline newline naturally , there are certain precautions one must take before summoning a demon . there are limits to how much destruction a demon can design  just as they ca nt come here on their own they seem to get pulled back into their realm on their own  but they can certainly cause great calamity for anyone nearby , and that means the summoner . and so one must know how to control the demon and how to dismiss it when it is no longer wanted . newline newline we humans tend to think little of our names , but for the eternal creatures names have power . once you ve summoned a demon the only way to dismiss it is to speak its name , and so you must learn its name . to learn its name , you must ask it , but you must do so as soon as it has been summoned , because for some reason it will tell you then . maybe it s a bit disoriented from the trip ? information is always a bit sketchy for this sort of thing . newline newline and so i set out to catch myself a demon . newline newline a silk thread to bind it , a candle made of animal fat , charcoal to draw the summoning circle , and  what my father would never let me forget as a child  my wits about me and the knowledge to not take any wooden nickels . i snuck to a park near karen s apartment , found a flat stone , and went to work . newline newline with bated breath i waited , my optimism slowly deflating as i came to terms with the fact that my research probably went wrong someplace and probably there are no such things as demons anyway . but it was nt a fact ! just as i started reaching for the thread , a gentle rumbling began as a circular piece of stone began to slide down into the earth , rubbing against the stone around it creating a horrible screeching sound that upset two dogs being walked near the park and who the fuck walks their dogs at 3am ! but the owners continued on and i excitedly prepared for the demon s arrival . newline newline the demon was about the size of peter dinklage and looked a bit like him , too , but did nt seem to hold one shape . maybe it would be more accurate to say that the demon appeared to be in many shapes at once . thankfully , i did nt forget the most important first step . newline newline  demon !  i called out , but actually in more of a yelling whisper because i did nt want to wake the neighbors ,  tell me your name !  newline newline the demon seemed to focus its eyes on me , and its mouth opened , sending a choking , sulfurous mist right into my face . newline newline tchchkkchkkakch   newline newline i found myself suddenly disenchanted with this whole demonsummoning thing . newline newline   kkeetcheetchsssssssssspuputk   newline newline i might have been kicking myself for not bringing something to write with , but at this point it was clear that would nt have helped . newline newline   jitjitkkptchbbinnnuhbinnuhweetch   newline newline none of my research prepared me for this . no at all , and not for the nearly two hours it went on . the sky was already hinting at the coming dawn and i had nt yet exacted my terrible revenge . newline newline   ktchkthchpptakkukkukkffouuu !  newline newline i was still wondering if i had time to dash over to the gas station for a snack and coffee when i noticed the silence . newline newline  that s it ? that s your name ?  newline newline  oh , heavens no !  the voice was much higher and more nasally than i expected .  i m so sorry , i ve had the most terrible cold . i hope i have nt been too much of a bother . my name s bill .  newline newline  jesus fucking christ ! all that and your name s just bill    newline newline and with a dull flash and a briefly lingering smell of sulfur , bill was gone .i checked my watch to see if the train would be stopping soon , i was completely filled with excitement as i was every sunday . i was fortunate enough that nobody traveled by train at this time on a sunday , i could easily avoid being noticed by anybody . every sunday i would make it point to visit my uncle , who lived on an old farm far outside the limits of the city . every sunday he would have a special surprise for me , it was the same every time but it was worth every visit . newline newline i could feel the train stopping and before it could completely slow i jumped to the ground and began to run to my uncle s farm . i could hear the crunching of gravel under my sneakers and feel the excitement shivering up and down my spine . i finally reached my uncle s farm and made a beeline straight for the barn . in his barn he kept an old machine which he kept in a condition that rivaled it s condition straight from the production line . his dream was to keep that machine in pristine condition . newline newline i ripped the tarp off of it and eyed that brilliant , red convertible automobile again . i jumped in the driver s seat and grabbed the keys from the glove compartment  the leather felt so good against my skin . i slid the keys in the ignition , firing up the willing engine that responded with a roar . i quickly shifted into drive and sped onto the outofuse roads , the tires spitting gravel as i committed my weekly crime . newline newline the government passed a law , you see , that made older cars like this illegal . they decided they were not safe and it was forbidden to drive them . they were replaced by aircars which were so safe that drivers would make a game out of crashing into each other , as no damage would be done to the car or the driver . there was no thrill in the aircars , no speed . you could nt feel the traction of your car speeding down a road , there was no constant threat of death from accelerating too fast down that winding cliffside road . they were dull . newline newline as i sped down the road with forest on either side of me i could feel the wind blowing through my hair , the air rushing against my face . i could smell wellweathered leather , hot metal , oil , and the country air . i could see the sunlight on chrome and the blur of the beautiful landscape . every nerve on my body was aware of what was going on around me . i absolutely loved sunday . newline newline as i turned a sharp corner at top speed a gleaming , alloy aircar shot toward me . the car was big enough to take two lanes on the roads i was driving on . at that moment i spun the car around , hearing the shrieking of my tires , to run this deadly race . my car screaming through the valley and i noticed through the rearview that another aircar joined the chase . i was straining the limits of machine and man as i tried to escape the aircars , who were no doubt going to crush me between them . i looked ahead to see a one lane bridge and laughed out loud with both fear and hope , i had a desperate plan . i pressed the pedal as hard as i possibly could , shooting across the one lane bridge . as i had hoped , the aircars could nt pass the bridge . excitement from the chase was still tingling in my spine as i raced back to the barn to dream with my uncle by the fireside .they called me the strongest man in the world . or the survivor , or immortus . really depends on who you re talking to at that moment . personally i ve tried to call myself string theory or reset , but it just wo nt worm its way into people s heads . they told me that it did nt make sense as name . if only they knew . newline newline if only they knew . newline newline today i was stopping another of the king s men , percival , or pele  i can never remember their names through the god awful fauxbritish accents they kept on putting on . always straying between some bastardized version of cockney and geordie , oddly enough . i usually tried to work it into my banter , but after the first few times , they stopped talking to me altogether . now when they see me , they just try to slice me with their monomolecular swords . newline newline which suited me just fine . newline newline but i m getting besides myself  i was on my way to stop percival from robbing a local bank , the kind with a miniscule vault . i bounded past the police blockade , that ostensibly was set up to stop him from getting away . funnily enough , when these were up , civilian casualties plummeted . curious . newline newline again , when i got my eyes of them i felt a pang of envy . i was jealous of his gun metal powered armor that was styled like a knights armor  something about it eyecatching compared to my gold and black jumpsuit , a stylized black  i  in the center bridging the yellow border between the two black pieces of my torso . him being nearly 15 feet tall , and his sword the size of a goddamn person also helped with first impressions . i though i was stealthy in my approach , but he turned when i was still half a block away . their gadgeteer had probably installed some sort of bioscanner or camera system . the perks to working in a group i guess . the street being cordoned off for two blocks . newline newline  so , good sir are we   newline newline i could nt react as the powered armor bounded towards me in a massive leap , falling on me with the sword slicing through my collar bone , an instant of pain before my vision began to fail me . i felt my eyes close . newline newline and then i opened them . i m tough , really tough , but the swords are one of the few things that can still kill me . just how i like it . newline newline perciwhatsit jumped up to rooftop level , and this time i bounded to the side from the middle of the street into an alleyway . i crashed in a dumpster for my trouble  i d have to somehow blame him for the damage in the incident report . he was on my in a moment , shoving his sword through my gut , the dumpster crumpling beneath us . i feel my bowels void , and darkness swims in my vision . i feel my eyes close . newline newline and then i opened them . i ca nt remember how many times i ve died , each a distant memory . i thought about how it looked from the outside if they remembered . at first i though i was some sort of precog , until i notice my strength going up bit by bit . then i hit me . they happened to me . or some version of me . the version that people see drawing from bits of their essences to get stronger . or something . newline newline do nt give me that look , the best scientists on the planet have nt figured it out , and you expect some guy who coasted through college to understand it ? oh right , the fight . newline newline so percy bounds toward me from the street , the point of his sword aimed and my gut . i kicked the ground , going up a full story above the roof i had been aiming for , trying my best to roll as i hit the gravel . it cut into my ears and face , leaving streaks of red along my face . i really had to get a more covering mask  this domino mask , it really was nt cutting it anymore . newline newline i saw a metal hand grasp the ledge of the roof , hoisting up the massive massive body that was attached to it . i felt the roof practically groan under his weight , and i decided what humiliated defeat i d give him this time . just needed to get gawain and i d have gotten the whole set . as i dashed towards him , i saw him balk for a moment , before he readied his sword for my head . death had nt scared me for a long , long time . newline newline i limbo underneath his swing , sliding to deliver a kick to his knee . i had gotten strong enough at this point , that my blows tore through metal like tissue paper . even whatever materials the king s men were making their armor out of , but the heroes association kept on making it out to be high grade . newline newline never stopped me . newline newline he toppled to the ground , the roof shaking under the weight . he wildly swung his sword in my general direction , but i saw it coming from a mile away . i grasped the suits wrist , planting a foot on his chest to rip his arm off . most people think just because you re strong , leverage is nt important . i was one of those people once . learned that lesson the hard way . kind of . it s hard to tell when your mistakes hit a reset button . newline newline with two limbs denied to him , as he flailed around , i leapt into the air , four , maybe five stories , above the roof . as i fell to the ground , my fist rocketed out , and my vision was filled with dust . we went careening through the individual floors , landing in a drab grey concreted room . landed in the basement again . newline newline i took to tearing the armor off , see if percival was still alive . hopefully they improved the shockabsorbers . lamorak , he looked like an eggplant last i saw him . i finally got through the metal to see a woman , maybe in her late 30 s , one side of her head painted read . i held my breath for a moment until i saw her chest rise and fall a few times . newline newline could not have a dead body on my hands . there are things even a rest button could nt fix .the branches cracked under foot and the leaves bristled as they made their way to the clearing . it was an elevated area which game them a good look at what was in front of them . the streets intersected nearby and on either side were small strips of stores . these used to be busy streets filled with people shopping or running errands . now they sat empty except for the trash and abandoned vehicles that littered them . newline newline the goal today was get more supplies . mainly canned goods and water if possible . newline newline michael blinked and shook his head  focus  he thought .  they do nt know you re a novice  . he had been volunteered by quentin , a friend of his , after michael had bragged about his skill for killing the undead . newline newline  oh yea , i ve taken out at least 50 . maybe even 100 . when we were out scavenging before we found the fort , i had to take them out left and right .  newline newline he regretted this now , but at the time he needed to fit in . it seemed like everyone had their stories of dispatching the undead . newline newline there were 10 in the group , and the leader sam signaled that it was time for them to move toward the stores . it looked quiet , but they all knew that could change quickly . newline newline michael took his ax and readied himself as they moved towards the first cluster of shops . a whole in the window signaled there may not be much there , but they had to check to be sure . sam cleared out the broken glass and moved through and into the store . newline newline suddenly they heard the low mumble of the undead . michael looked to the right and saw one coming right at him . he looked left and saw sam give him the nod . newline his heart raced , this was his chance , it was going to happen . he drew back the ax and came back full speed with a powerful blow ... right to the arm . the arm fell to the ground but the undead thing still continued to move forward . again michael drew back and plunged forward with another might swing ... to the chest . the undead thing continued towards the rest of the group . michael looked at sam who gave him a quizzical look . newline newline frustrated , same yielded his sledgehammer and unleashed a mighty smash to the top of its head . newline newline splat ! ! the blood flecks hit michael s face as the beast fell flat to the floor . newline newline  what was that ?  sam asked michael .  quentin said you d done this before  . newline  i have  michael stammered .  i have nt used this ax before , still getting used to it  . newline  just stay towards the back  sam snapped . newline newline michael let the rest of the group pass as he looked to the floor . quentin walked by with his head shaking . newline newline  he was probably going to tell everyone  michael thought . he would never hear the end of it if he did nt make up for it . newline newline they moved through the rest of the store aisle by aisle . not much was left , but the things that could be salvaged were put into a sack carried by one of the members of the group . they moved quickly across the street to one of the other stores . in this one they found some kind of inventory room that seemed promising . the door was jammed . the rest of the group stood back as sam took his sledge hammer to the handle . with a loud crash , the door swung open . undead creatures spilled out in a seemingly neverending stream . newline newline the group sprung to action , hacking and striking , taking out any creature that came into a three foot radius of them . michael stood in awe , these people really knew what they were doing . midthought , michael realized one of the undead had made it past the others and was headed right for him . newline newline  this time it s happening  . he cranked back and unleashed a fearsome swing right at the head of the thing . the thing limped to the side and michael s swing missed by half a foot . the force of the swing had sent him spinning around and now tumbling to the floor , the ax flying out of his hands . the thing lurched towards him as he tried to pick up his ax . he glanced up and saw two of them coming for him now . he looked back at his ax , it was three feet away . newline newline  fuck this  he told himself . michael got up and raced towards the door of the store . he ran out into the empty street and did nt stop . newline newline  everyone is going to laugh at me now , maybe i just wo nt go back .  the cool fall air enveloped his skin as he ran towards the woods , not sure of where he would end up . newline tell me about your friend joe , anthony ,  the well dressed man spoke softly and crossed his leg as he looked down at the boy and readied himself to take notes . newline newline  he s a good guy , i met him in middle school and we ve been pretty close ever since .  newline newline anthony sat with his hands between his legs , his terrible teenage posture portraying a bout with anxiety as he shifted slowly against the leather padded seat . newline newline  that s what your parents told me . he helped you a lot of tough times in school , right ?  newline newline  oh yeah , in high school i used to get picked on , but joe always stood up for me when ever i got bullied .  newline newline  that s good . i think we could all use a friend like that . your parents explained that he was from a broken home , right ?  newline newline  yeah , he actually ... never really had a home . i guess his parents abandoned him when he was really young , but no one really knew how he got by .  newline newline  i see . you re aware the police are after him ?  newline newline  yes , and look despite what they re saying he did , he did nt do it .  newline newline  they just want to question him , anthony , and you re the only one who was close to him . you could make this a lot easier on him if you help us find him .  newline newline anthony s seized up as a grimace crossed his pale facade . he took a defensive stance and crossed his arms as he turned his face away from the therapist . newline newline the therapist sighed and stood up , walking out of his office and into the receptionist area where anthony s parents patiently waited . another man was pacing about the waiting room on his cellphone , speaking low but loud enough that the therapist could tell he was the detective on the case . newline newline  mister and mrs . russo ? ... and roger , is it ?  newline newline anthony s mother perked up with a gentle smile , looking up at the therapist as hope swelled within the confines of a plastic smile . roger turned to face the therapist with a graceful swivel , placing his hand over the receiver of the cell phone . newline newline  i think we need to consider other options . detective , i know you ve been pressing for information about this murder case , but the boy is very difficult to establish trust with . i can keep trying , however i can not guarantee results .  newline newline the detective nodded and walked to the therapist , pulling him to the side as they both turned form the parents . newline newline  i understand what you re saying doc . i d like to know if you noticed anything peculiar about anthony s behavior ... mannerisms and such , when you were asking him questions .  newline newline  are you asking me if he looked guilty ?  newline newline  yes . we need some guidance on this . those three kids that were murdered knew anthony as well as joe .  newline newline  i ve interviewed dozens of criminals before , but this kid does nt carry any of the tell tale signs of a murderer much less a criminal . i know those kids bullied him throughout high school , but he does not show any kind of animosity towards them , at least none i ve seen .  the therapist trailed off . he stopped and thought for a moment ,  do you have a picture of joe ? it s a long shot but i might be able to tell you a bit about him from his photo .  newline newline  yeah , i ll send it over after we re done here . let me know if you think of anything else .  newline newline  sure .  newline newline                       newline newline the therapist sorted through his files for the day , finalizing his financial reports . he heard the signal prompt for a new mail and check his gmail . opening the email , he waited for a few seconds as the image loaded as a thumbnail and downloaded it . newline newline opening it on his second screen , he adjusted his glasses as the image popped up . it was a portrait shot of anthony and joe . anthony was smiling and so was joe . newline newline at first the therapist did nt notice anything peculiar , but then he began to study joe s facial features . everything seemed to be off or rather distorted . he looked closer and his mind shifted back to one of the transvestite victims he had interviewed a few weeks back . joe looked like his face had at one point in time been feminine and had shifted into something more masculine . newline newline but there was something even more unsettling about his face . the brow ridge , nose shape , and a number of the traits were familiar , but altered as if the boy was an imperfect projection of someone else . newline newline he looked closer and noticed his eye color . an exotic hue of blue , a light shade very reminiscent of the color of the moon . he had seen it before . newline newline he turned his chair as his eyes moved over the surface of the desk . leaning in , he opened the case file and saw a family portrait of the russo s turned diagonal . gently he reached forward and righted the picture , watching it slide into a more ordinary position under the weight of the paper clip . suddenly his mouth dropped open . newline newline he leaned in even closer and examined it noting the exotic eye color . he pulled the picture and placed it against the computer screen . there was no explanation , but he could see it . the face matched , but not exactly . as he had noticed before , it was if certain features had been molded and contorted into a masculine form . newline newline joe ... was anthony s mother . newline newline newline newline newline newlinethe guy said it was a time machine , but john doubted that . a crazy old man had stumbled drunkenly up to him and thrust it in his hands . he talked in mostly gibberish ,  time machine , flash light , bullet catch , three uses , time machine , door stop ...  he had run off into the night and john had only managed a ,  no man , please , come on , i do nt want your phone , please .  he looked at the device and saw in emblazoned letters across the top  timehop 3000  and a screen just like an iphone but with only one icon in the center screen saying  hop  and a battery indicator showing  3 uses  . john thought about just throwing the thing in the dumpster , but ... john was a sucker for buttons ... newline newline there was no flash . no warping of light . no pop . he was just standing there . only ... the there had changed . he looked around and could barely see anything in the darkness . suddenly , a flurry of movement burst from his left . people were running . five shadows ran past him . more shadows swished in the distance fleeing from something unknown . they ran , one here , two there , a group of five holding hands and dashing through a clearing . a man ran close , looked at john and said something like  loin geshvind .  the whites of the man s eyes shined in the darkness with fear and his voice was winded and hoarse with exhaustion . the man fled while john stood dumbfounded . a young woman glanced at him and in doing so fell with a scream of pain . john rushed to her and saw she was clutching at her leg .  let me look ,  he said and clicked the  time machine  showing a bright light from its screen and illuminating the woman s leg . blood shone bright from a wound in her shin . she screeched at him trying to shield the light of the improvised flashlight . newline newline a voice yelled in the distance ,  licht !  another answered ,  ich sehe es !  newline newline he instinctively lowered the device when he heard the voices . he glanced at the screen and thought  that is nt right .  the device showed only 1 use remaining .  i need to get back home ,  john thought and went to press the  hop  button . the device exploded in his hand before he could press the button . newline newline  ihn tten !  a voice yelled nearby . newline he felt a blow to his arm and a warmth spreading from his chest . the world tipped as he fell to the ground . as he lay there wondering what was happening he saw the screen of the  timehop 3000  shattered but illuminated . all it said was  0 uses  newline newline as his eyes closed he thought of what the old man had said .  time machine , flashlight , bullet catch . the land of nimoria was once a lush beautiful society . at the end of the 23 century , nimoria was a utopian society where everything and everyone lived in peace . newline newline in fact , it was no nimorian who brought about its destruction , but those who railed against it . the fasion nation . the fasion nation did nt want nimoria destroyed per say , they just did nt like the idea that a bunch of enlightenment seeking individualists should be able to function in the same political arena as the oligarchy created by fasion , and also the nations its form of government had spread to . newline newline in a matter of months fasion slowly bled nimoria of its foreign influence with heavy import taxes . from there , the nation was hobbled financially until it fell into ruin . the free peoples of nimoria fled to other nations , giving away their personal rights for citizenship , and a promised full rice bowl . newline newline it was at this last gasp of the nation that it gave birth to a mighty king . king chester . now king chester was never a king of great deeds , no . he was a man of heart , and any man who heard the words king chester had to say knew that divinity had spoken to them through the vessel that is king chester . newline newline at this point in time many believed that this was the time for nimoria to rise from its smuldering ashes . king chester was not one of these men . king chester was fully aware of the international view of his nation , and thus knew that outside forces would subtly set the game in it s favor to watch him , and nimoria fail in the most public and final of ways . newline newline with that in mind , king chester made a noble decree . the government of nimoria , without enough reliable citizenry could not afford to protect its lands and peoples . because of this , the other great nations would take over the management of the lands , and accept the people of nimoria in their folds as their towns swear new fealty to their new governments . newline newline nimoria , as it once was , was dead . yet king chester always believed that one long distant day in the future , the lost people of nimoria s spirits would call them to lands they have never seen before , but will always feel welcome . for a nimorian , be it man or woman first and foremost carried the title of free , and it was that desire the nation was first created . newline newline when the people would come back , they would need guidance . they will need to know that although their ancestors abandoned nimoria , nimoria would never abandon her children . all they had to do was embrace the freedom of the heart . the freedom of spirit , and they would know where to find the ancient home . newline newline newline to cultivate such spirit , one had to cultivate curiosity . one had to cultivate love , passion , honesty , truth creativity , and above all else compassion . in order to encourage these traits , stories . tales of love and loss . grand epics and small fairytails that never leave the old nearby forest were created and seeded amongst the people . initially they were small curiosities . little whimsies of an undependable king . soon they became fancy , the true stories , and then legend . newline newline sometimes a work from king chester filled a tome . never before had anyone expected nothing but the motto to survive , but that s what she held in her hands . she did nt know it , but the slip of paper written in beautiful script caught her eye when her and den were foraging . as they relaxed by the fire , the girl lost herself in the paper . newline newline  what is it  den asked . newline newline  words .  she replied . newline newline  what s it say ?  needled den . newline newline  he .  newline newline  well , come on then . give it .  he asked getting annoyed . newline newline she said ,  he who is without imagination has no wings to fly .  newline newline  huh , weird that . wonder what it means ?  said den before picking up a stick and stirring the coals into dancing flames . newline newline  strange indeed .  she replied , but the funny thing was that for her , it was nt . newlinecarter could remember when the world had begun to change  it was just another saturday evening sat slumped in front of the computer playing through a new game , in this world he was a soldier fighting through the hordes of arachnid from another planet , as time progressed his reactions slowed yet the threats persisted and grew bigger  after a few hours he lost his final life and turned off the computer in anger and began to make his way to bed . newline newline just as he was about to get into bed something scurried across the wall , still annoyed at the virtual spiders he decided to take his new target out , grabbing a heavy book he began towards the wall and crushed the defenceless being , with a smug grin he looked at the mess he  d made and issued a threat to any other spiders that dared enter his room . newline newline carter awoke in the night to the buzzing of a mosquito in his ear , he dismissed it with a flick of his wrist and headed downstairs to get a drink as he opened the door to his kitchen he saw that he  d left the light on and the moths had congregated around it , he sleepily shooed them away before switching off the light and making his way back to bed . newline newline as morning came he rose from bed , an insatiable itch on his back he began towards the bathroom to examine himself to see he was covered in bite marks , going downstairs to get breakfast he saw that flies had joined the moths in the kitchen , getting the hoover he quickly dispatched of them and sat down to enjoy his cereal in front of the computer where he would get lost in the other world yet again . newline newline in the following days the insects constantly grew in number , it wasn  t long before they were making national headlines  they reported that scientists were investigating the influx but were unsure what had driven them forward as of yet , people were advised to keep their windows and doors shut . newline newline weeks passed and not only did their numbers swell they also began to grow much larger , that  s when we realised  the spiders had gone , where and why nobody knew but their effect on keeping us safe from pests had become apparent , the world as we knew it couldn  t continue without them . newline newline it has been nearly a year since the spiders left us . disease is rife in the new world with so many carriers  the sun often blotted out by swarms forces us to live by the blue light of the bug zappers . newlinehe walked in with prada shades to cover his sunken eyes . david had nt slept for what seemed like an eternity , but was more along the lines of four nights . newline newline  i need another one man , i ca nt help it . the last one was so good , i ll pay anything .  he said stuttering between every word he spoke . newline newline  alright relax , guy . you must be really craving one this time , huh ? i do nt even want to know why you keep buying these . do nt you got none of your own ?  newline newline  shut the fuck up .  david snapped as he aggressively slapped  5,000 fresh out of the bank , his rolex clanking loudly against the granite counter top of the recently flourishing pawn shop . newline newline  i get hundreds customers like you a week , always so impatient , what s your fix today , boss ?  said the owner trying to make another sale . newline newline  ii , uhh , maybe a family vacation , something warm ...  newline newline the owner handed david the vial , and david stormed out of the store . he arrived at home , empty as usual , but gorgeous nonetheless . he slammed every door behind him until he reached the mattress of his master bedroom . david filled the needle with the liquid the vial contained , warm just like he had requested . newline newline he slipped the needle into his left arm and the pain of the needle slipped away . his vision slowly faded into a new place . a mouse in a suit , a princess in a blue dress , i must be in disneyland . i m so small . these people holding my hands , they must be this persons parents the man and women wore torn clothes , battered shoes , but also held the widest smiles . newline newline david rode every ride and could feel the excitement this person had as well . his face felt so warm though the wind kept rushing past his face on the teapots and go karts . suddenly he was jumping so happily as they walked towards the matterhorn . water crashed against his face and david felt invincible . newline newline  carlos , ten cuidado , te voy abrasar muy fuerte .  though it was a completely different language , david knew exactly what he was hearing . loving arms coiled around his body as they reached the peak of the matterhorn preparing for a massive drop . newline newline  pa quiero un churro !  said carlos and david felt his mouth savor and his nostrils fill with the cinnamon in the air . newline newline  mijo , te doy mil churros si podia . pero te dije que solo tengo el dinero para el parque  david felt giant tears swelling in his eyes and distress fill him . his mom held him tight urging him that big boys do nt cry . he was nt going to fill his stomach with the sweet taste of a traditional pastry he had a thousand times before . newline newline  we love you , carlos  david heard the words so naturally they were practically english .  you know this trip was a huge expense for us , we sold just about every luxury we had for this , happy birthday carlos .  in that moment carlos must have felt all the warmth and sacrifice from his parents because david could nt help , but admire these two strangers he saw in front of him . newline newline outside of his mind , david must have overdone the dosage . he started to seize up and foam came out of his mouth . his wife would not come home for many hours . she was off swiping every credit card she had for the newest shoes , dresses , jeans , cars , and anything tangible . the vision slipped to a small child with a silver spoon in his hand and then to nothingness as david would never wake again . newline newline newline newline newline newlineed sat down at the bar . he immediately noticed that the space around him had started to clear out . he hadn  t expected a dive looking bar to be busy on a tuesday . the walls were painted black , and there was a distinct lack of light even considering the bar was a half level down from the street . calling it a dive bar wasn  t fair though . it didn  t look like much from outside , but inside everything was clean but worn . much like himself . well , maybe not the clean part . newline newline  can i help ... phew buddy you reek.  the bartender had finally noticed him , he was a young guy probably working his way through college and you could tell he spent most of his free time at a gym . he was noticeably working up the nerve to throw him out . ed looked down at his outfit . his left jean leg was ripped off at the ankle and there were deep a couple deep gashes on his calf . that must have been from today , he wondered idly if that had hurt at all . his shirt was stained with what he assumed were his own body fluids . his body looked like it had missed a few dozen of its last meals . he mended quickly , but his ability to not die didn  t mean it was particularly graceful . if only he could  ve been one of those heroes with super strong skin . newline newline  sorry , i  ll leave  ed said , low enough that he doubt the bartender heard him . then the kids eyes widened . newline newline  my god , you  re him aren  t you ?  the bartender s voice was an octave or two higher than previously . maybe he was nervous ? it was hard to tell anymore , ed probably needed to get out more . newline newline  you  ll have to be a little more specific  ed extended his hand , clearly looking for a name . newline newline  you  re the deadboy.  he shifted away from deadboy  s outstretched hand .  what can i get you ?  newline newline mildly relieved that he wasn  t getting thrown out he looked at the shelves , when was the last time he  d had a drink ?  gin in a big glass.  there that should get things started , he had after all , come here to drink and forget about his life for a couple hours . he deserved that right ? newline newline shortly thereafter a tall glass with ice and clear liquid was set down in front of him . he picked it up and took a whiff , nothing . his sense of smell was still gone from a fight with a plucky new villain down in atlanta . he  d had a name like the mechaninator or something . some kind of gas he  d used along the way had obliterated deadboys lungs and sense of smell . he took a big gulp and tasted the barest hint of juniper . newline newline  oh well  he muttered . people had overheard his name , the space around him had continued to grow . he didn  t blame them but he didn  t think it was entirely fair , what did they expect him to do ? newline newline last year this time , as spring was hitting philadelphia deadboy , or ed as he was known then was a budding superhero working on stopping bank heists and muggings . relishing the rush of adrenaline and in retrospect hopelessly optimistic . that had changed when the hall of heroes had been bombed from space by some unknown  and lucky  criminal . in a single stroke the world  s greatest heroes had been wiped out . heroes like deadboy had tried to pick up the slack , but the gap in power had created chaos and against battle tested villians used to tangling with the world s greatest heroes well it hadn  t been pretty . newline newline deadboy had cheated , his other power was animating and controlling the dead  and after defeating his first supervillain he had realized that the reanimated kept their powers . besieged by villains deadboy broke into the vault of the greatest superhero that had ever lived . dead from old age and yet without a hint of decay on his still strong body  deadboy had brought him back . the public had not approved , although the old man had reluctantly accepted when ed has explained the situation to him . together they had brought order back to the east coast . the midwest was still a battleground and the west coast was gone  divided up into fiefdoms under the control of various villains . newline newline his drink was finished . the bar had cleared out quite a bit , deadboy assumed he was the most likely reason for the sudden lull in business .  do you have anything stronger ?  he asked the bartender . newline newline  uh , no not really . i mean we have a couple higher proof whiskeys and rums if you want to try that ?  he wiped some sweat off his brow , deadboy had felt it was pretty cool in here . odd . newline newline the last drink may have been water for all it did .  i  ll have a glass of your strongest cleaner . you have windex or something ?  newline newline  to like drink ?  the muscle bound lad asked confused . newline newline  what else am i going to do with it ? clean your bar ? yeah , to drink.  said deadboy , starting to get annoyed . a short time later , a martini glass with a bright blue liquid and two olives on a skewer were set down in front of him . he took a drink . it seared his throat and when he took a breath his lungs burned . eye  s watering he looked up to the young barkeep  perfect , thanks . what do i owe you ?  newline newline  sir , i  m not sure i  m allowed to accept money for serving cleaning product . this one  s on the house.  newline newline i wasn  t sure if he was hiding a sense of humor under that or just legitimately worried about the health department . deadboy slipped back into brooding . a short time later , still early , in an empty bar he decided he was done feeling sorry for himself . it was time to go home . newline newline although , it was more like an abandoned tunnel underneath an office building that he stole utilities from . he wondered briefly if his good deeds were offset by his bad . finishing his drink he walked back to the door . nothing , no buzz , not even any pain . too many fights too close together . he caught a look at himself in the mirror . his clothes new only weeks ago were tattered and stained . jeans and a tshirt . he looked emaciated , with deep sunk reddened eyes . tall , straight , and all angles and hard planes . captain magnificent wouldn  t approve , no doubt . going to a bar was beneath him . but at least in between fights he preferred to be inanimate , returning to death  s embrace until deadboy had to roust him . maybe it would be easier to just give up ? newline newline i  d heard the life on the west coast wasn  t so bad once you got used to having an overlord . there were always new technologies . once these supergenius types carved out a small empire their bored minds made all kinds of new vices and virtual realities . newline newline it was bitter cold outside as the sun was setting . the wind picking up the last of the winter  s chill . the cold was reinvigorating . it wasn  t time to quit , even if the public boo  d him and the press highlighted his failures over his successes . not yet . if he was lucky the next generation of heroes would come and unburden him and the captain and they could slip back into obscurity . for now there was work to be done . there s something wrong here .  newline newline johnson s bloodshot eyes looked up from the computer screen he had been staring at for hours trying to wrap his head around the information it was showing him . newline newline  what are you talking about ?  asked his senior , dr. sunl .  put it up on the overhead .  newline newline  whatever you say ...  retorted johnson , allowing his fingers to fly over the keyboard to set up for full display of the projector . newline newline the wall lit up with what was all over the man s screen . error messages popping up , warnings and the like with calculations , and an ominous timer that changed from days to months to seconds to years to decades , as if it could nt make up its mind . newline newline  what exactly am i looking at here ?  dr. sunl asked as he squinted his eyes . newline newline  i just ran the numbers again of the anomaly that you asked me to pull up . something has a massive gravitational pull and it s screwing with pluto s orbit .  johnson explained , running the numbers over in his head . newline newline  we already know that , johnson . can you tell me something that we do nt ?  newline newline  it s worse than we thought .  the junior continued as if the doctor had nt said a word .  it s moving . feeding .  newline newline  ... what ?  newline newline  look .  johnson pulled up another window on the computer , the projection showing everything that he put down . he ran the numbers , calculated shifting of orbits and the sudden jarring difference in pluto s orbit of sol . newline newline  it s a black hole . it has to be . i m calculating that this thing has to be small for us to not have seen it before , and because of its wicked gravitational pull , it has to be either a black hole , or something about to collapse and become one .  newline newline  that does nt make any sense .  dr. sunl dismissed . he did nt want to believe it . if it truly was a black hole that was coming closer , it would spell the end of earth as they know it . newline newline  i m calculating that it has to have at least ten times the kind of mass that earth has . and it s ... tiny . absolutely tiny . why else do you think that we would nt be able to find it after all this searching ?  johnson spoke , looking up . his eyes widened as his face turned pale white . newline newline  what . what is it ?  sunl retorted . newline newline  if it is what i think it is ... it s going to collapse on itself . what s the density needed for an object to collapse and become a black hole ?  newline newline  something like six septillion kilograms per cubic meter . why ?  newline newline  take a look at the kind of gravitational pull this thing is having . it s throwing almost everything out of whack . it d have to have the pull of something ten times that of earth . and if it s something as tiny as what i m thinking ... then we have our hands on one of the universe s newest black holes waiting to be born ...  newline newline  bullshit .  dr. sunl spat , shaking his head . he rushed over to his own computers , punching in the orbital shifts . he shook his head , falling into his chair .  then why has nt it collapsed on itself ? if it s that powerful and that strong , and that tiny ... would nt it do us all in ?  newline newline  no doubt .  newline newline  so then what do you propose , johnson ?  newline newline  well , what can we do ? take a massive racket and knock it farther ? i do nt think we can do something like that .  newline newline  then i guess ... . we just sit here and wait to be devoured by this black hole in the making ?  newline newline  i guess so .  johnson lamented . a long pause was held between then .  coffee ?  newline newline  ... sure . carl looked in the mirror and sighed , feeling the sharp pain in his ribs with every breath . the bruises were like patches all over his chest and torso , and dried blood still caked his face and his hair .  i look so weak ,  he muttered , noting his thin , fragile body , his bones close to the surface . he went to take a shower , to get rid of as much evidence as he could before his parents came home . he hated their questions and their failed attempts at comfort . newline newline carl stayed in his room most of the evening . his parents had noticed some bruising on his face , but he told them he d fallen off his bike , and they believed it . after that , he d quietly slipped away to his room while they were watching tv . they do love me , he thought , but they just ca nt really see me . reflecting over the past three years , and how everyday someone would call him names , push him into things , or humiliate him , carl could feel the hot tears running down his cheeks . he did nt understand why people could do this to someone , to push them as far as he d been pushed . or worse , that people , teachers , can stand by and do nothing as they watch it happen . the tears subsided as his anger grew . no , he thought , his heart racing , people ca nt get away with this . people get punished for the bad stuff they do . and when people are nt properly punished , this is what happens . the world should know by now . carl felt a tinge of sadness , thinking , there ll be one more reminder soon . newline newline his phone rang , and he answered it immediately . josh , his only friend .  hey , man ,  he answered , trying to sound fine . newline newline  hey , carl . you sound bad . did they hurt you again ?  came the soft voice on the other end . newline newline carl could nt help but smile . josh always knew .  yeah . but , you know , it s ok . i m just thinking that it wo nt matter anymore ... right ?  he added , nervously . newline newline  yeah , yeah , of course . tomorrow s the big day , dude . tomorrow s the day we live forever .  he paused for a moment .  everything s sorted out on my end , how about you ?  newline newline carl thought , ran through his checklist , feeling calmer with every mental check  .  yep , all sorted .  then they said bye and hung up . newline newline he sighed heavily , ignoring the pain in his ribs . he did nt know how he felt . he was angry that he d been pushed to this point , and sad that he d be putting innocent people through this . there was also the guilt , leaving his family behind to deal with their grief and confusion , and probably the anger that everyone would direct towards them . but it was nt their fault . they re good people and they d raised him well . those parents , griefstricken and aiming their anger at my parents , he thought , they should blame themselves . maybe if they told their kids that bullying has consequences , they would nt be burying their children . he felt the familiar weight upon his heart , sending butterflies into his stomach . it was excitement ... and dread . everything would stop tomorrow . tomorrow would be the day he got his revenge , the day he can enjoy exacting revenge upon those who ve made his life worthless , ironically by giving his final moments of life worth . and it d be the day he dies . carl tried not to think about that , but he was scared . he did nt want to die , but he could nt stand the thought of going to jail , seeing the faces of his family as they lived with the aftermath of the chaos he caused . he did nt have a choice , but he was scared . he wished there was another choice . newline newline as carl drifted into an uneasy sleep , he dreamt of the day s events  the good , the bad , the painful , the gruesome . in one of the dreams , he saw himself firing mercilessly into a classroom of people he d shared lessons with . blood soaked into the carpet , chairs and tables were overturned , screams filled his ears , and he was smiling . then , out of nowhere , one of the students , much bigger and stronger than carl , ran straight at him . carl was knocked to the ground before he d even had the chance to aim his gun . the guy picked up the gun that carl had dropped , kicked him in his face , and aimed the gun straight at him . newline newline he woke up , breathing heavily and unsteadily , sweat causing his pyjamas to cling to him . the dull , grey light of a rising morning was creeping through his curtains . damn it , thought carl , i ca nt do this . something s going to go wrong , i m not strong enough . all it takes is one fucking person to tackle me , to catch me off guard . he replayed the events of the dream over and over , until something clicked . it was the answer to everything . he did nt have to kill anyone . he did nt have to die . he did nt have to be remembered as a villain to live on . carl could be the hero . he could be the good guy that saves the school , that saves his bullying tormenters , from the crazed gunman . the more he thought about it , the more sure he was that it was perfect . the only downside was that it meant he had to betray josh , the only friend he d ever had . but carl reasoned that he d have more friends afterwards . besides , he thought , technically josh is going to shoot up the school . friend or not , i am saving people s lives . he was convinced at that point . newline newline three hours later , carl and josh were at the school , each with firearms and ammunition on their person . this was it . they strode confidently through the corridor . for a moment they just stared at each other , a look of finality in their eyes . then , with fierce determination , carl screamed ,  gun , he s got a gun ! everyone get out of here , he s got a gun !  newline newline the students that were littering the corridors looked confused , then panicked . some had already run away , or run to warn others , and some stood uneasily , unsure whether this was a sick joke or not . newline newline josh looked shocked .  what the hell are you doing , man ? !  he exclaimed . josh pulled out his firearm , forgetting his own plan , overcome with betrayal and rage , and pointing it at carl . then the students all ran , screaming and yelling .  after all we ve been through together , you d do this to me ? !  his hands trembled , but carl took out his own weapon . newline newline  i just want to stop you from doing something terrible ,  he replied ,  and maybe be the hero while doing it .  the two teenagers argued , shouting echoing along the corridor , while students throughout the school had heard what was going on , and were running to the exits or barricading themselves in classrooms , confused and scared . they waited for the sounds of gunshots or screaming or laughing to erupt , but nothing did  there was only silence apart from their rapid breathing and terrified muttering . newline newline after what seemed like an eternity , they heard a single gunshot .everyone s looking at me and it s making me uncomfortable . newline newline i have my hands in my pocket , i want to look down , but then they definitely will know i feel like i m being attacked newline newline i used to always glue my eyes to the floor maybe that s why this happened newline newline people s shadows bloom on the ides of march when they turn 14 maybe something to do with the 345 of the month , age , day digits newline newline maybe i jerk off too much newline newline fap , fap , fap , fap like i m on 4chan , or something like that newline newline i feel so biologically weak newline newline and left behind all my classmates are out and about in the world , and i m just kinda stuck.. newline newline i do nt know why everything was a system and structure up until this point , and i kept following the path up newline newline until eventually i recognized the entire time i was lost , and i did nt know where i was going , and if i went any further , i would really not like where i finally am newline newline i never knew why the directions were the way they were newline newline i just followed them newline newline and when i realized it was because i was supposed to have a volition newline newline i recognized that in actuality , i have none newline newline i ll become passionate at a fleeting moment newline newline it s like being impassioned is what fuels me , not a particular subject that impassions me to drive in a particular direction newline newline so i too , like the joker , am a dog chasing cars newline newline whatever excites me is what i go towards , and it s only a matter of time before i get hit by one newline newline skrreeeeeccchhhh newline newline onomatopoeia newline newline the only word that could go through my head at a time like this newline newline  hey jackass ! where s your shadow how is anyone supposed to know you re on the road  why do nt you watch where you are going ? !  newline newline odd newline newline oh , i forgot to mention you re from another world newline newline shadows dictate a lot more here than they do in your s newline newline there are no lanes in roads or any forms of order people s shadows are law and they dictate how this world works newline newline right , where was i.. newline newline oh , i shrugged my shoulders , blamed myself in my head , sighed and moved on newline newline the man s shadow was a monster s , i could nt take him if i wanted to , and you ca nt change those kinds of people newline newline oh hey , i remember what it was newline newline your tell tale classic story of romance newline newline only it s pathetic newline newline when i was younger newline newline right , our hormones also kick in when we re 5 , we re talking on a different time scale and when i say 5 , you probably thing 5 rounds of 365 days to the year newline newline sigh.. anyway newline newline there was a beautiful girl as you always know there has to be and she was highly accomplished , her shadow was guarded , but she had such a strong spirit that you could already see it even though it was nt supposed to bloom newline newline i wonder what it looks like now.. newline newline anyway again newline newline i was only moderately successful newline newline my own friends would push me around , and my parents thought i was a puppet newline newline i was one of those stories where my dad met my mom at the wife store , or she says it was the opposite way at the husband store , and i was a package deal for them newline newline guess that means i was adopted who even knows , they never tell me the truth newline newline anyway , i would follow her around newline newline yeah , a pathetic creep newline newline i did nt even understand the mating rituals , so all i can tell you was i was fascinated newline newline i d stare at her shadow all the time newline newline eventually i knew she caught me , but she still let it go on newline newline i do nt know why , and why would i argue i was hypnotized by her shadow , only imagining what it would look like if it bloomed newline newline oh hey , scott s shadow s changed from a wolf to some kind of bird.. newline newline weird newline newline i did nt feel like hanging out so i bumped his shoulder and walked off newline newline that s our introduction if that s the case newline newline god , i m so out of place why am i alive newline newline everyone else has a shadow but me newline newline right , my story newline newline she was meeting guys and dating here and there , and i was too dazed to even care newline newline eventually i saw her meet another guy that reminded me of me in some way , i ca nt say , but i was actually paying attention this time around newline newline he was also pretty well accomplished in fact he started developing his own shadow very early newline newline he was holding her hands and i saw their shadows unite to bloom , which meant full bloom would turn their shadows into those of deities like a phoenix or griffin , you know what i m talking about newline newline i was in shock i was happy , but really sad all in the same newline newline this time she saw me and gave me a disapproving glare newline newline it was like her eyes were on fire , and mine grew darker until they were pitch black newline newline i felt my soul shatter i think  it could be possible newline newline it s not a feeling i can describe you ca nt relate because it has to have taken place within you too for you to understand newline newline as i m staring up and kicking a can down the street i think about it now and when i was 14 on the ideas of march , i felt a knife drive into me newline newline prophetic newline newline i looked around for my shadow , but i guess it had either been consumed in me , or vanished newline newline weird , i could only remember the stares i got when that happened newline newline i did nt think it was a big deal newline newline then again , i thought nothing was a big deal newline newline there were ceremonies going on for all of the other shadow bloomings , including those of unified shadows newline newline i did nt see any , i hid like a shadow newline newline something compelled me to go out this morning newline newline i had nt been anywhere in what feels like years newline newline then again how would you know what that means in this whole picture of things ? newline newline i was seeing all kinds of animals and monsters sparrows uniting with swans , pidgins with eagles , i even saw a valkyrie i never understood what that shadow was all about newline newline monsters generally were alone or with other monsters serpents with dragons , alligators with piranhas , but these only looked like those creatures i do nt know what the actual monsters were newline newline it was just weird newline newline and i felt like i was being pulled towards something newline newline maybe my shadow was making a late arrival.. newline newline  hey look at this queer he s no alpha ! i ve never seen a man.. or should i say boy with no shadow ! ha ha ha..  newline newline hi to you too.. newline newline i felt odd walking with no purpose having no place i could ve at least  been a black sheep that would make enough sense newline newline but i did nt mind either newline newline i do nt know why newline newline i felt like i could be a burden on others with a shadow of my own newline newline crowding their dimensional space newline newline could it be fear ? newline newline no i clearly love that emotion too much to let it indulge me newline newline i stopped right at a place where i think i wanted to or was supposed to newline newline am i schizophrenic ? newline newline god it was nt even a voice newline newline i was just about ready to listen to anything at this point newline newline i looked up newline newline fuck ! i was looking down newline newline suddenly a bright light newline newline wow , clich newline newline but wait i could nt stop looking newline newline what the hell is going on ? newline newline am i being possessed ? newline newline give me a break after all i ve been through already newline newline okay , whatever i m here , i m right now , this is in the present newline newline ow.. fucking ... newline newline my retina i can feel it moving it s burning newline newline why ca nt i stop newline newline i just feel like i m at the mercy.. newline newline there s a weight newline newline it s getting heavier newline newline it s on my head newline newline and i ca nt stop it newline newline it s forcing me to look down , but i ca nt even see anymore ! ! newline newline what the fuck ? ! newline newline i m taking my hands out of my pocket newline newline struggling to force my chin up newline newline i do nt think i even have pupils anymore newline newline i ca nt recognize anything newline newline i ca nt even scream it s like something s shouting from within me newline newline i ca nt bear the weight anymore newline newline dropping to my knees newline newline okay this is weird newline newline this is nt an anime this is real life newline newline there are people with shadows newline newline i m not losing it , i m not going insane newline newline this is just a dream newline newline this is just a nightmare newline newline my jaws are open like a dog trying to yelp , but nothing s coming out newline newline i feel like tearing my hair out newline newline i m starting to see black start to develop below me.. but everything was just white newline newline i m so confused right now newline newline i just want to go.. somewhere.. nowhere ... newline newline i m feeling my body collapse into it newline newline unbelievable pressure newline newline are my bones cracking ? i ca nt even tell anymore newline newline i wonder if anyone is seeing all of this newline newline why wo nt they help ? newline newline fuckin.. monsters newline newline maybe all of them.. that does nt make sense.. newline newline i m starting to get lighter newline newline it s getting lighter newline newline i think.. i ll just ... newline newline let goout of all the assignments i had ever undertaken , this was perhaps my most draining attempt . the  prison   a ramshackle outpost on the far side of acheron vii  scarcely deserved its title . technology had always taken its time to progress from the core to the outer colonies , so many of the guards were armed with archaic firearms that still ran on chemical propellants . i m normally partial to stealth , but i took a perverse enjoyment in making as much noise as possible before i freed my target . there was a local militia : a group of smugglers and outlaws who wanted nothing more to free their brothers and sisters locked up in federation prison . my reputation as the keymaster had proceeded me . when they found out that i could help them free their friends , they offered me their guns . newline newline i d diverged from the main group at some point during the main assault , moving down thin corridors while the militia engaged the authorities throughout the main complex . earlier , i managed to find schematics of the base , which had proved instrumental as i attempted to avoid security , who were allocating their men to deal with the outlaws in the front yard . within a few minutes of searching for the right cell , i had found it : cell block 1131detention level aa4.1seventh floor . newline newline normally prisons were nt this large , nor did they have this many stairs , but this prison had served as a hub for dangerous outlaws in this region of the outer colonies for decades . its looming presence was perhaps the defining monument of this entire planet . it had become infamous for its dangerous inmates , and cruel wardens , though it d become rundown over the years . luckily for me , the security system seemed almost entropic . i stepped into the open cell , and gazed upon its occupant . newline newline michael drake was young to be an outlaw , but then again , you did nt find too many old criminals this far out in space . he still bore the wounds his lifestyle had inflicted on him , however . his eyes were bruised , but still shone with the fiery independence that i had fallen for all those years ago . where his right arm once was , a black prosthetic had taken its place , though it had been shackled to the wall by cuffs . when i walked in , he looked up at me with a familiar smile , and i felt the urge to shoot him right then and there . if it had been up to me , i would have left him in here to rot , but he was a particularly influential criminal , and that was something the verse had been lacking since he was caught . newline newline  celina ulysses galahad .  he said , though without his familiar confidence . right now he seemed hollow , and that realization tugged at my heart .  i never thought that you d come back for me ...  he let his words hand in the air as i walked over to him , and with a quick slash of my vibroknife , cut his prosthetic arm free . i brushed my blonde hair out of my face as i stood him up , and jabbed something into his gut . it was the butt of his pistol , that i had stolen off of a turnkey on my way inside . he grunted , but accepted the gift , and we silently made our way out of his cell . we walked briskly towards the exfiltration zone . but i could tell that something was bothering him , and i was nt surprised when he opened his mouth to speak his mind .  celina ... keyamster , whoever you ve become ... why did you come back for me ?  newline newline instinctively , i turned around and punched him in the face . harder than i should have , but i do nt regret a thing in hindsight .  you left me on our wedding day , michael . you are the reason our child is dead . you are the only reason i m a goddamn vigilante , and not enjoying the life that i freaking deserve ,  i jabbed a finger into his shoulder ,  and the only f  ...  ing reason i did nt leave you in that cell to rot is because the galaxy needs you . not because i need you . and we both know that the last time i needed you , you did jackshit .  i basically hissed out the last words , snarling as i let years of anger and spite flow from my mouth .  do you think that i like being the keymaster ? that i like keeping the feds out of the colonies by freeing scum like you to fight for us ? you turned me into this .  newline newline there was an awkward silence between us then , as he rubbed his jaw , and i brushed the hair out of my face as i let the last echoes of my outburst bounce off the prison walls . in the distance , gunfire could still be heard , but there was less of it now as the militia began to overwhelm the hapless guards . michael took a step towards me with his hand outstretched , but it was merely to wipe a tear from my eye , and to hold my head up to face him . it was a gentle gesture , one that i did nt think he was still capable of .  i would never expect you to forgive me . my actions were reckless and cruel , and i do nt expect that i ll be able to atone for them . but someday , i hope that you ll understand why i did what i did .  he took a step back , and suddenly , he was his old self again . he let out his trademark grin , and said heartily ,  so cmon , keymaster . the colonies are nt gon na free themselves , yknow .  newline newline we made it out safely that day , and after a brief rendezvous with the militia and the freed prisoners , we went our own ways . i expect that i ll run into michael again  some kind of dickmove by fate , obviously  but hopefully he ll be the force for good that i know he has the potential to be . i saw something when i fell in love with him , i know it , and i ll continue to tell myself that until the day i die . but for now , i ll keep working to free the colonies from federation rule . the keymaster s work is never finished .blood and entrails covered the ground . i walked amongst the carnage , resisting the urge to lick my lips . glazing over the corpses , my sensitive eyes checked for any sign of life . but the explosive shell had annihilated the trench , and all the soldiers inside . newline newline finally , one appeared , flailing and crying into the dirt . with my foot i rolled him onto his back , taking in the scene . his shirt was splattered red , ripped to shreds like the flesh beneath . the man was nt a man  he was barely more than a kid . and yet , surrounded by troops far more seasoned , he was the only survivor . luck was on his side . newline newline  i ... i m not going to make it .  against the booming bombs and relentless gunfire , even my heightened hearing could barely make him out . i knelt before him , placing my hand against his heart . the rapidbeating drum in his chest was failing , slowing with each thump .  i m not going to make it ... am i ?  newline newline i moved my hand to his chin , tilting his head to the side . his peachfuzzed cheek pressed into the gory mud . the mere sight of his neck riled me up , but i forced the cravings down . if i was nt careful , i d take too much , and leave too little . newline newline  you will make it ,  i assured him .  but you are nt going to like it .  newline newline my fangs extended , and i began to feed . newline newlinegel could hear nothing but the sound of falling snow . he listened carefully , unsure if he were alive or dying or dead already . but the snow was far and he was warm . his fingers moved easily and there was another sound  fire . and another  a soft humming . newline newline his eyes blinked open . he was in a small hut , clay , of the kind the locals used to make their homes and their work pens . orange light danced across the ceiling , casting strange , crooked shadows . newline newline gel could not sit up . at first he thought he might be paralyzed . he remembered those final moments only vaguely . his rifle had jammed and so he d faced the khessian warrior with only his shockclub . he d landed a blow , but so had the khessian , and they d fallen . gel remembered the falling , but not the landing . newline newline he must have been paralyzed in the fall . but still , his head turned , and his fingers and toes wiggled . he simply could nt sit up . in trying again , he felt a great pressure against his chest . newline newline  no ,  said a voice , at once feminine and haltingly guttural .  tied . lay .  newline newline gel twisted his head to see . it was a clan woman . a local . yellow skin and blue , narrow eyes . she regarded gel without much sympathy . newline newline  stay ,  she grunted , turning back to the fire . newline newline  where am i ?  said gel , feeling at once anxious and angry at being restrained .  why am i tied here ? am i badly hurt ?  newline newline the clan woman shook her head without turning around .  dangerous ,  was all she offered as an explanation . newline newline gel struggled viciously against his restraints .  tell me !  he howled . newline newline  quiet !  came a voice that was not the woman . gel swung his head up and down , only to realize the source was beyond his feet , beyond his sight .  let the woman work .  newline newline  who s that ?  said gel .  who re you ?  newline newline there was laughter . gel did nt like the tenor of the man s voice . there was a familiar hollowness there , as if gel had heard the voice before .  not your friend ,  said the voice . newline newline  the khessian ?  said gel , thrashing worse than ever . newline newline  one in the same ,  said the man .  still your bones . i m as bound as you .  newline newline  and why should i believe that , lacking the sight to see it ?  demanded gel . newline newline  then twist and thrash ,  said the khessian .  just do it quietly . our host deserves that much respect .  newline newline gel remained tense , waiting for the next moment to fall . but there was nothing . the clan woman worked a pot that rested over the fire . the hut was filled with the sound of snow falling and her wooden spoon thwumping wetly . newline newline  half dead ,  she said after a time , pulling clay bowls down from a high shelf .  both . fell . fixed now . no fighting . no .  newline newline  we re at war with these filthy creatures ,  said gel .  no fighting is not a thing i can abide by when they ve killed half our settlers .  newline newline  settlers or invaders ?  said the khessian .  you ve no idea how many of ours died before the actual war began , do you ?  newline newline  this planet is our birthright ,  spat gel . newline newline  then you should nt have taken so long to get here ,  said khessian .  a lot changes in a few thousand years .  newline newline gel drew breath for another outburst , but felt something scalding hot come to a rest just to the side of his face . the clan woman had a brown , oblong spoon .  open ,  she commanded . newline newline  i can feed myself ,  said gel . newline newline  no .  newline newline  i am not an infant ,  hissed gel .  i am a lieutenant in the 4th imperial assault squadron . untie my hands immediately .  newline newline but the clan woman simply clucked her tongue and took the stew away . gel listened as the khessian ate the portion greedily .  you ve chosen poorly ,  said the khessian .  this is delicious .  newline newline  i suppose being bound and treated as a babe suits you just fine ,  snapped gel , banging his head angrily upon the stiff cot . newline newline  we are an adaptable people ,  said the khessian .  i thought that much was obvious from the way we ve adapted to this world , rather than demanding it adapt to our antiquated physiology .  newline newline  humans are far from antiquated ,  said gel .  you are evolution run in reverse . you are the dissolution of our natural godliness .  newline newline  and yet still we are human .  newline newline  never .  newline newline then the clan woman was back at gel s side .  eat ,  she said . and this time he did . newline newline when gel next awoke , he found that his bands had been removed . instead he was now chained by the ankle . the khessian was different than he had appeared in battle , stripped as he was of his silvery warskins , the various dyes washed from his face . more human . but still , the differences were obvious . the larger eyes . the wider mouth . the strange marbled skin . doctors who had studied khessian samples found that the blood had mutated , creating a variable body temperature that allowed the creatures to survive the wild climate swings of persimmon . to gel it was just further proof of the distance between humans and khessians . newline newline  an agreement ,  said the khessian after they had finished breakfast .  we may one day kill each other , but not here . not in this home . the winter is here and we will not leave this place for another month yet . here we will be at peace , and perhaps , in time , she will decide to unshackle us .  newline newline  you would strangle me in my sleep ,  said gel .  i would never close my eyes to you were you unchained .  newline newline  then this will be a very long month for you ,  said the khessian .  but do you agree to the truce ? for the sake of our caretaker , who gives of her stores despite the ruin our war has made of her people .  newline newline gel took a slow , steady breath .  for her kindness , i will be civil . but my mind will not be changed .  newline newline  i do nt ask for that . only that you stay your hand inside this house .  newline newline gel nodded .  and i will .  newline newline and he did . throughout the terrible winter , they remained in the small hut , eating the clan woman s food and passing the time in quiet contemplation . gel never asked the khessian his name and never thought to give out his own , but they learned each others name through exchanges with the clan woman . the khessian was vella durn . he fought for his family and nothing else . newline newline  there is so much world here ,  said vella once .  i can not understand why we fight over this small patch of it .  newline newline  the rest is useless ,  said gel .  barren . it would take centuries to bring it to fruit . this is the land of promise . you were meant to prepare the way , not stand in the way .  newline newline  and earth is truly gone ?  newline newline  it is no home for humans .  newline newline  all have left ?  newline newline gel s throat tightened .  no . no , very few left . there were perhaps ... perhaps ten billion who were left behind .  newline newline  you left them behind on a dying earth ?  newline newline  there was no way to save them ,  said gel .  we were meant to leave much earlier . we were meant to prepare ourselves over the centuries . but , things changed . they became muddled . goals changed . leaders changed . ideals fell apart . when we finally left there was no more time to spare . no more resources . we made a mess of the whole thing . and that is why , khessian , we must have our birthright . we can not bear to have our hopes usurped this way .  newline newline vella nodded at this , but the conversation died and both men fell to silence . newline newline finally , the winter broke . the clan woman removed their armor from a locked chest and pushed open the door .  go ,  she said , before turning back to the fire . newline newline the khessian bowed to her , then gathered his possessions and set out into the melting white world . gel followed shortly after . together they trudged up the hill to the site of their battle . there was nothing there  no blood , no bodies , nothing but thawing snow . newline newline  i wonder who won ?  said vella , looking out over the still white . newline newline gel swung the shockclub horizontally , with a force that tore muscle from bone along the side of his ribs . vella fell softly to the snow , neck broken , skull reshaped like a broken clay bowl . newline newline panting , gel tossed the shockclub aside . his feet slipped into the snow as he began to walk . in one depression , his foot snagged on something that was undoubtedly a body , but gel kept his eyes ahead and trudged forward . the days were longer in the spring , but who could say how long it would take him to find base camp ? newline newline as he walked , gel could hear nothing but the sound of falling snow as distant trees bowed their branches and loosed their hold on winter . it sounded almost like mortar fire and he smiled to hear it .dear father , newline newline i got great news ! i think i m coming home ! some of the guys said that we might get to go home , it is muharram so we have not been doing much . i hear that the americans are retreating out of the valley soon , something about  christmas  and  withdrawal of afghanistan  , praise allah , i am tired of these mountains . when i get back , maybe we ca newline newline newline newline newline i would like to apologize , i only saw the ak in his hands . we were only here for a few more days , this was one of the last patrols to be done , i did nt have to look in this cave . i saw the weapons and it happened so fast , it was too dark , i did nt know he was so young . newline newline i m so sorry .you push back the curtains to peak out the window . there s no one there  or no one that you could see , at least . giving the front yard one last sweep , and another , just to be sure , you sit back down , picking up your console controller . you had to be fast . newline newline you move your character across the screen quickly , activating stealth mode and sneaking behind the shopkeeper s counter , ignoring his cheery ,  how do you do ?  sweat beading at your forehead , you pocket one of the items on display , putting it into your inventory . newline newline you drop your controller with a yelp at sound of glass shattering , armed men vaulting through the window you had just been looking out of . you scream incoherently as they knock you off your couch , pinning you to the ground and handcuffing you . your mother runs through your bedroom door , screaming as well when they pounce on her as well . you can feel your life shattering as they drop you console , games , and controller into a clear , unmarked box . newline newline it was nt worth it . newline come on .  newline newline armin tugged lightly at cobus s hand , urging him along the dirt road . cobus laughed , and jumped over the gorges worn into the road by passing tires . he lost his balance momentarily and swayed back and forth before firmly planting his feet . newline newline  whoa there . slow down . we still have a few miles walk before we reach the village right ?  newline newline  yeah . are you sure you re okay with walking ? we could have hired a car . it s still probably closer to walk back to the main road .  newline newline cobus shook his head .  stop it . i want the full santo mario hoohaw  experience . besides , this is beautiful . we re in the rainforest , hours and hours away from the nearest city  a little hiking and communing with nature is required , i think .  newline newline slowing down next to cobus , armin takes his hand . he shakes his head ,  tsk . santa maria tzeja  and it s actually the highlands , not the rainforest . i know it s remote , but we need a break and the change of pace will be good for us . i think you ll love it .  newline newline  i m sure i will love it , cause i love you and being around you .  newline newline armin rolled his eyes , but the grin was genuine . newline newline they continued on the road for another hour before stopping to rest . the noon sun was unimpeded by clouds and shone down relentlessly . sweat dripped down the men in lazy rivulets , attracting the attention of mosquitos despite the generous applications of deet . newline newline  so you came here what , 5 , 6 years ago ?  cobus asked while spraying the exposed parts of his skin with another layer of the mosquito repellant . newline newline  more like 10 . i had just sold my share of motisight and decided to hitch a ride with a bus full of cultists . they were on their way to peru  probably to jump off machu picchu or something  but they were nice people and had some amazing drugs . the united states and mexico were pretty much a wavy gravy blur of acid and shrooms . newline newline but yeah , when we got to belize , i said goodbye to the cultists and spent a few weeks on the beach sobering up and diving the great blue hole .  newline newline cobus smirked ,  oh , is that where you got all the practice ?  newline newline  you know it , you pig . anyway . tanning and scuba got boring   newline newline  your life is so full of first world problems . if your life were any tougher , you d have to stop for a pumpkin spice latte right now .  newline newline  oh shut it . i worked hard for that . military brats are only privileged when their parents are officers . besides , you benefit quite nicely from my first world problems . newline newline like i was saying  i was ready to move on from belize and so i came down here to guatemala . i spent a few days exploring tikal  you know : yavin iv  and on the last day , there was a large group of indigenous mayans performing a ritual . newline newline i stayed and watched , and when they were done , i approached some of them to find out more . they were so warm , and eager to share their culture . they invited me back to their village , and you know i m loathe to disappoint people . newline newline it was amazing . simple , concrete and hatch buildings . dirt paths and long grass over rolling hills . chickens , cows , and pigs . children running around . far out of cell phone coverage , not computer in sight . one tv for the whole village to watch movies once a week or so . only two or three of the buildings even had a lightbulb . newline newline i ca nt say i found myself there , or some deeper contentment . it was amazing , and i enjoyed it , but it scared me . i enjoyed it as a retreat from the modern world  but there was always the knowledge of returning to creature comforts we know . newline newline i helped some where i could : i tore apart one of my flashlights and wired the leds up so my host family could have light in their home without a generator . but , the whole time i was there , i kept trying to fix things that did nt need fixing . i played them samples of new music and translated a few episodes of seinfeld for them  neither was a big hit . i mean , the things i did were nice enough , but they were the ones who showed true understanding that we were from different worlds . newline newline like the catholics and the evangelicals before , i could nt understand that they did nt need my modern thinking . their concerns were getting potable water , and teaching their children enough to go to university in the city , and hoping the government did nt come again to kill them all . these people lived like this always , for generations past , and likely for many in the future . newline newline i was young , selfcentered , and restless then . now , i hear thoreau calling me from some cabin by a swimming hole with a waterfall . so let us continue on our march . i believe we are nt too much further .  newline newline the sun spilled its golden light across the countryside from its position nearly touching the hills . armin and cobus continued to hike imperceptibly upwards . the trees thinned and gave way to fields that rippled and shimmered in the wind . sitting on the hilltops , clusters of buildings looked like diminutive hats strapped with little brown roads to heads of luscious green hair . newline newline  we are almost there . one or two more hills and we should come to the village proper .  newline newline continued in reply.. at the right time , change  switch the glasses.  newline newline i stop pacing and look to my secretary .  you get that ?  newline newline  yessir . i wrote it down just as you said it.  newline newline  good . now send it to our insider in the castle . he will know what to do . all the pieces are in place . our plan to take control of the empire is almost complete . tomorrow , the shavar dynasty is born.  newline newline  . newline newline  welcome , general shavar ! i will say , i have been looking forward to meeting with you to discuss this rebellion i keep hearing whispers about.  the emperor rises from his desk . newline newline  as have i . it is a most pertinent issue.  i walk forward to the chair in front of the desk . newline newline  take a seat ,  the emperor gregariously implores . i do , as does he .  now i am most interested in hearing your perspective on this little uprising , as it is rumored to be starting in your province.  newline newline  of course . but i will warn you , this may take a while . the politics of this particular dissention are quite complex.  newline newline  not a problem.  newline newline  do you mind if we get drinks ? refreshments would ease the strain on my throat.  i lightly tap my adam  s apple . newline newline  certainly ,  the emperor replies .  wine !  he calls to his right . newline newline a side door opens and a figure in servant  s robes walks in , carrying a tray with two goblets on it . he offers one to each of the men in the room . newline newline  i hope this is the good wine ,  i jest . newline newline  it is . here , drink as much as pleases you.  newline newline i raise an eyebrow .  is that wise , your majesty ?  newline newline  i enjoy drinking with those i can trust . here , these past few days have been trying . i could use a break.  newline newline  well , let  s get this started then.  goblet raised , i begin chugging my wine . newline newline  ha , yes , let  s !  the emperor follows . newline newline i finish first then slide a packet out of my pocket and discretely place it in my drink . the emperor lowers his drink .  more !  he commands . newline newline the servant returns with his tray and retrieves our goblets . before he goes behind the door to refill them , i give him a wink . the signal . newline newline he returns and hands us our drinks . the emperor and i look at each other . our eyes matching , he smiles and lifts his drink to his lips , as do i . the second round is gone as soon as the first . newline newline i crack a smile . the plan is working . any minute the emperor should be beginning to feel the effects of the poison seeping into his bloodstream . he joyously calls out ,  another !  newline newline  no , that  s enough ,  i reply . newline newline  no , i insist . i know you can hold down more !  the servant returns and takes our cups away again . meanwhile the clock on the emperor  s desk begins chiming . it is late  2 am .  ah , that  s it !  newline newline  what is it ?  i reply . the servant returns with our drinks , and we continue drinking them . inside , i  m wondering when the poison will kick in . any time now , right ? newline newline  the time change ! don  t you know about daylight savings time ? i decided to implement it in our empire last year . it saves precious lantern fuel by making more effective use of the daylight hours . been a godsend for our outer provinces where oil is more expensive.  newline newline  oh , that  s very interesting . i   my breath catches in my chest . i am having trouble breathing .  what , why  i double over in my chair , the poison taking effect . i glare at the servant .  didn  t you get my instructions ? didn  t you get my signal ?  newline newline  i did just as you asked ! just as it was written on the instructions :  at the right time change  switch the glasses.   newline newline the king suddenly gasps in shock , but it  s a winded gasp , and suddenly he falls to the ground , struggling to breathe as well . the servant looks at the king , then me , disturbed .  i switched them after the time change , like you ordered ,  his says , his voice quivering . newline newline i roll onto the ground .  curse the time change , curse the secretary , curse the comma.  my vision fades to red , then black . in my mind , i have one last thought . newline newline  i hope my sister knows what to do with an empire.  newline71  . newline newline newline 71  of over seven billion people . in only two weeks . they were no longer even bothering to clean up the bodies . newline newline newline my wife had been one of the first to go . a piano had dropped on her from twenty stories up . it was instant at least . it had made the news . the bizarre accidents were no longer newsworthy individually . newline newline newline after the funeral i had spent the week on my couch , staring at the ceiling and not really seeing it . the news droning in the background painted a pretty grizzly picture even before one of the boom mics had come swinging down like death s scythe and impacted squarely into the smiling anchors temple . the tv just displayed a holding pattern now . not that it really mattered . newline newline newline my eyes fell from the ceiling to the floor . the room was clean and tidy with one rather significant deviation . a banana peel . a banana peel i had nt put there . a banana peel that had nt been there when i laid down . newline newline newline i made up my mind . standing up with a determination that i had nt had in days i took one step firmly onto the peel . let the thief no longer steal , but rather let him labour , doing honest work with his own hands , so that he may have something to share with anyone in need.  newline newline the sentence was just , that was for sure . i had taken more than my lot . i had robbed a fellow man , a brother . the city would not survive long if we did not share our goods equally . newline newline here comes one . newline newline  good day to you , sir . greetings from the lower land  beyond the  newline newline  your business , please ?  i interrupt . there really isn  t time for all the formalities , which won  t matter anyway . newline newline  my village  kind sir  they suffer  we need fresh water  aand food . please , i beg your king  s ear  . newline newline  your offer ?  newline newline  trade  my lord  we have the finest woods and craftsmen  though they suffer for hunger  newline newline disgusting . he continues to ramble on , pleading for water and food , offering nothing but worldly goods that tempt and allure us away from the teachings of our elders . this monstrous devil must be slain . newline newline i strike , swiftly . one blow has him on the ground . a second , a third and i see he is barely conscious , and not for much longer . newline newline  the city does not trade . we have no need for your trinkets . and we have no king.  newline newline i am short of time . i may not be the strongest , but at 6  7  and with appropriately long arms the hammer has plenty of momentum as it bares down on this monster  s skull . newline newline he  s gone now . a quick clear up before the next comes . thankfully , this one  s light as i drag him round to the heap . newline newline ah , silver . nearly a handful ! the elders will be pleased . i do not pretend to know how they process it into the food we share , but that must be enough for a week  s worth . and that  s from just one monster ! newline newline what a relief to be earning my way again . not only to feed my brothers but to defend against this heresy , this satanic capitalism . newline newline i will joyfully give every last gram to the elders .i felt a cold chill run up my spine as we eye d each other . as if i knew him . newline newline  you were quicker than the last one  i say newline newline  who the fuck are you ? !  he says midway down the stairs . newline newline  i was here first so fuck off , this hen house has been picked clean  newline newline  ... you do nt even recognize me do you ?  newline newline  should i ?  newline newline  brandon marks , born july 27th , 1989 . brother tyler marks , died of cancer back in 97  . mother shelly marks , father thomas marks.  newline newline  wait , how the hell do you..  newline newline  three years served in iraq before the being dishonorably discharged for disobeying a direct order from a co . i still see her face too..  newline newline he drops the hard drive where he stands , eyes wide enough to see the whites even in this darkness . newline newline  what the fuck is going on , who are you ?  newline newline he takes a few steps down the stairs before i pull on him , put two in his chest , one in his computer . newline newline i radio in  it s done , i m getting out of here with the drive , meet me out front..  newline newline i walk outside into the cool november evening air . three of them wait for me outside in the van . i jump in and we screech off into the night . newline newline the driver speaks ,  did he recognize you ?  newline newline  no , he did nt realize anything until it was too late..  newline newline  you know what happens now do nt you ?  newline newline  i do , i just hope we have the right one this time..  newline newline fade to black..the sky was nt always scarlet . the forests were nt always ash . the sea did nt always boil . there was a time where the skies were blue and through the air flew many . the forest was alive and was filled with skittering . the sea was calm and full of mystery . newline newline then men , with the power that had been reserved for us , came . they came as a great fireball flew through the heavens . heartlessly , they attacked . they attacked the nests and the eggs and the young and the old . they attacked the sea . they attacked the forests . they attacked the caves . they attacked our companions . they attacked their cities . but they dared not attack us in our burning mountain . the mountain that we now hide in . newline newline we did fight back when they came . those of us that lived through those days know that we are lucky to have made it through the fall . they took our power and used it against us . they slew our brothers with our fire . newline newline it has been many years since we hid under our burning mountain . today she erupts . today she we will spit fire upon these men . today we will come forth from our home that we hid within . newline newline today we take back our fire .when i downloaded the new ios update it added  recommended words  on my iphone  the grey box with 3 words  . when i updated my phone it asked if i wanted to turn on  conversation recommendations from roberto  i figured why not , i mean if it s in an apple update it s either a joke or for real , turning on this setting seemed not to do anything . until i got a message from my best friend in distraught after his girlfriend breaking up with him and in the  recommended words  box i see 3 options on how i want the recommended words to go to  hostile  ,  compassionate  , and  sarcastic  . i click  compassionte  and totally based on the  recommended words  i lift his spirits up and we agree to go get some beer . afterwards when i get messages i go complete auto pilot but with every conversation there are always 3 new options on how i want the conversation to go . i m getting friends laid , i m getting my self laid , i m telling off people , and i m helping people . at this point i m well liked to just about everyone i meet and text . but one day i meet this beautiful girl at a party and we exchange phone numbers , like i do nt even know how to discribe her . one day i get to texting her but i do nt see 3 options the conversation can go . just all rude ones like  why d you break my heart  and  you re a cunt  . i do nt go on to like this so i decide to type my self and the words change into the recommended words with no way to stop it , it gets to a point where i m not touching my phone it s sending its on its own recommended messages . i shut down my phone and turn it back on and text her again apologizing and we agree to get coffee . and at coffee i say newline  i know this might say weird , but last night my phone was texting by itself ...  newline she replies with ,  do you have  conversation recommendations from jessica  ? newline i reply with no ,  i have one named roberto  there is a pause newline  i was nt texting last night either it was my phone ...  newline newline im tired and on moblie so it probably sucks goodnightin the beginning dead was cold lonely but soon i was embraced by an blinding light , which made me feel warm and cosy . suddenly i heard a voice which seemed to echo a thousand times .  are you michael svern ?  , it asked sounding rather confused .  yes .  , i answered hesitant .  at least , i was . until someone pushed me before the train .  newline  are you the son of angela and fedrik svern ?  newline  yes . those are my parents .  newline  ah . you seem , that seems to be the problem . angela and fedrik svern didn  t have any children . they tried once but they got a miscarriage . their wouldbe son would indeed be michael svern .  newline  are you saying i wasn  t born ?  newline  yes i am .  newline the longer i thought about it , the more sense it made . i never once saw a picture of birth , the oldest picture of myself was me lying in the crib at home . also , the mysterious stares my parents sometimes gave me . when i asked what was wrong they just answered :  we  re just glad to have you , son .  . somehow it hurt me , that they were lying to me . newline  well , i suppose you could be right . but then how did i walk the earth for 24 goddamn years ? no offence .  newline  none taken . i  ve always thought christianity to be a silly religion . i mean do they really an omniscient being would bed a human woman to conceive a child ? anyway , it really simple michael . you are a improbability.  newline  a what ?  newline  well the chances of living when you aren  t even born , well , they are very , very , very slim . some might say the chance is zero percent . while they are technically right , the chance is not equal to zero . so michael , long story short , you are seem to be one out of a googolplex to be given this right.  newline  well i  m honoured . really . would have been great if this wonder would have lived past 24 .  newline  are you mad ? we  ve been lucky to have survived these 24 years . improbabilities can be disastrous for the universe . every time something improbable happens , something that was very probable doesn  t happen anymore .  newline  are you saying i am liability ?  newline  yes . and i thank this person for pushing you for the train , although i  d wish it happened sooner . the consequences could be ...  , he trailed off . newline  well , thank you for the warm welcome oh almighty being . i wonder what kind of important thing didn  t happen for 24 years that we didn  t even noticed it ?  newline  well i think you might get the answer sooner than you might have expected . is this the person that pushed you before the train ?  newline suddenly , a man appeared next to me . he was wearing black clothing and looked at me with a grim face . newline  well yes it is.  , i stammered . newline  you and i need to talk.  , he said . newlinefirst post here , hope i m doing this right . newline newline the street was dark . there were people walking everywhere and i hated them , each and every one . but i couldn  t speak up . they  d kill me . newline newline so instead i went back inside . i watched the drones shuffle around from an upstairs window and i waited . there was nothing else to do . newline newline later that night i tried it again . i pulled my black hood up high and stepped out . they were still there . i had to get to the end of the block . i  d be fine if i could just get there . there was a loud crash and it started to rain . the slaves never looked up . newline newline so i started walking real slow and sheeplike so they wouldn  t notice me . i just waddled down the road . these people had blank stares and just moved around mindlessly . i tried my best to imitate them . newline newline i was nearly there  i could read the street sign , for chrissake  when i caught eyes with one of the robot people . my heart nearly stopped . i thought i was dead . christ , i thought i was gon na die . newline but the slave looked away fast . like he was scared almost . like he was a person . so that got me thinking , and i almost couldn  t believe it . newline newline shuffling as fast as i could i turned around to catch the guy . he was fast . i caught him and started walking next to him . he started breathing faster . i could tell he was scared , so i tried to change that . newline newline  hey ,  i whispered ,  you  re not one of them , huh ? what are you doing out here ?  newline newline and he turned his head real slow to look at me , still playing the game . we met eyes and held it for a while . at least a couple minutes . then he whispered back ,  they can  t know . be quiet or they  ll know.  like i didn  t already know that . newline newline  yeah , i got it . but what are you doing ? i haven  t seen a person like me out here in . . . well . . . never.  and that was a weird thought . i couldn  t remember much of anything , except just walking outside a few minutes ago . almost like i  d just been born . it was strange . i shrugged it off . newline newline  what do you mean  what am i doing  ? i . . . well , i . . .  like he couldn  t remember . like he  d just been on autopilot or something .  to hell with what i  m doing , what are you doing ?  he got a little loud and i thought they  d heard him . but we were safe . so i told him . newline newline  i need to get to the end of the block.  newline newline  what block ?  newline newline  the block ,  i said , real sarcastic . i didn  t like this guy . and he looked real confused . i hated him for a second . but then i didn  t know . what block ? and i got these weird feelings like i just woke up . like i  d been on autopilot . and i was scared , real scared . then he says to me , out of nowhere :  this is a bad story.  newline newline bad story ? this guy was nuts . i think . but then again , if it really was a story , it was a bad  is a bad one . i  m a little confused now . so i walk without saying anything and he just walks alongside . and i try to remember something . anything . nothing comes . and i think that if this is a story , it  s a bad one , for sure . like the guy writing it is just on autopilot . and i look down at my clothes  black sweater , black pants . and the rain picks up . the sheep don  t notice . and i forget why i  m scared of them . newline newline in the street the rain has puddled . i stop to look at myself , but my features aren  t there . like i can  t process them . and i think , good god , if this is a story , this guy isn  t paying attention at all . but i realize that if he wakes up to what  s going on , he  ll be scared . and then maybe he  ll stop writing . newline newline but it can  t be a story . right ? so i keep walking . i know it  s bullshit but maybe it  s not . so i stay quiet . try to keep him on autopilot . but now i see the people waking up . i hear voices that aren  t my own . he  s narrating again . and if i can only reach the end of the block i  ll be okay . slave people shuffling along . i ca nt . i need to hide . slaves . i ca nt . help . newline newline help .i ve been called many things throughout my career and recently they have nt been too flattering . murderer , monster , hasbeen , crackpot . but you ll probably know me as the protean . yes , that protean .  first of the superheroes , master of the bioadaptive battlesuit  etc , etc . but i m getting off topic . newline newline now , ask those same people who they think of when you say  superhero  , and nine times out of ten they ll probably say advent . and who could blame them ? nice enough guy . a little older , true , but very likeable . handy , if slightly unreliable telekinetic abilities . good with kids and the elderly . always saving the day , and when the real battles happen , he keeps the collateral damage to a minimum . just the type of hero the people want . only i know the truth . only i know that the heroics are a facade . that his charmingly unreliable telekinesis is a ruse and that his power is terrifyingly boundless . i know his real name . flaw . you see , i was there . newline newline i was there back during the war when we recieved word that the nazis had recruited a powerful psychic to their cause . it was during dday when i first saw him in person . he was attacking transports full of green us and british recruits for sport . what i remember the most are the screams . cliche , i know , but you do nt know the scream of a man with a melting brain . the howls of men being telepathically forced to rip into each other like animals . we clashed that day and then throughout the war , equals , depsite our differing abilities . and finally , one cold night in the ardennes , it happened . he slipped . and in that moment , with the rage for all my allies lost in that war fueling me , i ran him through with my wrist blade . i though that was the end of it . that i had won . that i had buried him . newline newline but i was wrong . newline newline i did nt account for his regenerative abilities . the flaw was always crafty , i ll at least allow him that . he laid low , healed the literal hole in his chest , and decided that patience was the key towards ending my reign of heroism . he ushered in a new era of crime from behind the scenes , providing funding to street level crime and training a new generation of villains . you know some of them , i m sure . basilisk , ersatz . both his proteges . and when we were exhausted and broken from the criminal onslaught , he struck . but not in the open , like during the war . in silent , in the night . one by one , he killed off the members of the old guard . i remember sub zero s death being paticularly gruesome upon discovery . but what made the wounds sting even more was the evidence implicating me . nothing concrete enough to warrant an arrest , but enough to seed the rumors about me losing my grip on reality . on my supposed ptsd clouding my judgement and making me violently turn on my former allies and how the police were powerless to stop me . and into this vaccum , with me stretched thin between singlehandedly keeping crime in check while the public was whipped into a frenzy against me , he stepped . and by becoming the hero that the public wanted , by making them cast me aside , he won . he finally beat me . and now the public thinks i m a potential threat and had no idea of the actual threat advent is . i know his endgame . i already know he s contacted captain kaiju and technomonger from the old days , and that he s drawn daylighter , now going by archfiend , to his side . i ve even seen the horrors he s done to sub zero s stolen remains , and the resulting monstrosity known as wendigo . in short , these people are weeks , maybe days away from a new era of darkness and oppression the world has ever seen . and yet they do nt have a clue . newline newline i guess you can call me one more thing . newline newline afraid .the sword stood out of the mud , mocking me . it could stand , but i could nt . i hated that bastard , it stole my entire life . eldrist s hilt glinted as if it caught a star s light , but there were none . it knew i hated it , and it was laughing . newline newline you re the only one who ll defeat the darkness ,  they said . take eldrist , he ll protect you from the dangers of being a lone warrior .  eldrist was no protector . it s a curse . newline newline useless old men . ca nt even pass their artifacts out to the right people . if i was their chosen one  or whatever else they called me , i d not have this hole in my stomach . i d not be facedeep in bloody mud . newline newline  i ll show you ,  i grunted aloud at eldrist .  you ve got nothing on me ! i m just greg . ai nt nothing special , but you knew that from the beginning ...  newline newline i bit my lip as i stood . have you ever felt your organs shift around inside of you ? like someone was wiggling their fingers around your intestines ? i never knew it would hurt so bad . i ve never even thought of it . newline newline i slipped on my first step . slashing to my knees , the jar of the fall felt like everything spewed from my stomach . with soiled hands , i ensured everything was still within me . but damn , i was bleeding everywhere . newline newline a warm hand rested on my shoulder . immediately , i felt calmness overwhelming my senses . my stomach started to numb . i looked up to find a man who s face lit the darkness . his radiance sparkled off eldrist . newline newline  i thank you , greg . you are a fine messenger .  newline newline  what ... ?  a messenger ? what the hell do you mean you angelic fuck ? newline newline he pulled eldrist from the muck .  i m afraid the old fools mistook their stars . i m jasen , their elitist .  that s what they were calling me , elitist . i had forgotten .  you moved a lot faster than i expected a mere man could , greg . i ve been chasing you down for two months now . but i think i ve got my answer as to why ,  he motioned to my stomach wound .  looks like i ll never be able to meet the man who can kill your stubborn ass .  newline newline  go fuck yourself ...  newline newline  lay down ,  he instructed ,  i ll come back for you soon enough . if i do nt do this ,  he sighed as he looked towards the flaming horizon ,  we ll all be dead anyway .  newline newline  why do you got to worry ! ?  i spat through blood as he trudged onwards .  you ve got the stars aligning for you ! the world at your finger tips !  my vision grew blurry and i felt air rushed past my face . mud was in my face once more .  you have everything ...  i mumbled through the suffocating muck , my tears only wetting it further .  everything i should have ... it must be some trick . no , i ve been drugged . that s it . this can not be real  those  activists are surely playing some sick ruse . they grin now , but i ll make them pay . these strange feelings will subside and my power will remain  soon they will feel the full wrath of russia fall down upon their weak and feeble shoulders . newline newline but first , i must address the effects of this drug . who can i trust with such a bizarre predicament ? i have few friends with much experience in this field     , but surely there must be someone .  medvedev ? yes , hello . i seem to be , uh , maybe i should nt say over the phone . come to meet me in the kremlin , somewhere discrete .  newline newline  vladmir , what has happened to you ? !  newline  you see this too ? ! it must be worse than i d thought . i believe some rogue group is trying to play some sick game with me . i will ruin them , but first i must reverse the effects of this.. this.. thing .  newline  i can help you , but it will take time .  newline  how long ?  newline  10 days . nothing happened . newline newline james s blood pulsed in his ears as the day he d been dreading collided with reality . he sat kneeling , tasting the rich , sweet october air . the rest of the 14 stood there , silent , while the wind whipped across the plains . the grass blew in soft waves and the mountains sat in a far off blue haze . james could hear one man and a woman screaming faintly through their environment suits . newline newline the leader of the cult stood behind james . he watched james take tired breaths . he let out a chuckle and in a low voice boasted to his followers , newline newline   ysee ? all just fine . it s fine .  newline newline the cultists had taken the 14 mostly unwilling prisoners out into the field to demonstrate how right their beliefs were , while affording themselves no direct physical danger . james was first . they forced him down to his knees and pulled his helmet off . one made to kick him into a small earthy ditch they all stood around , but the leader put out a hand an stopped him . instead he gestured to james , like a waiter presenting a meal . newline newline james slowly squirmed in his suit , in immense pain , shaking his limbs back to life . he had been trapped and unable to move for days , but in their zeal to rip his helmet off his arms had become loosened enough to search for the high caliber pistol , which had fallen down into the leg of the loose plastic suit . newline newline   alright , the next one .  newline newline the leader had large staring eyes , visible from outside his visor , even through the glare of the pink sun . the eyes stared at the next to be  freed  into the  new world .  he nodded and the cultists began feverishly clawing at the unknown woman s helmet . james could hear small screams from inside her suit . no , no , no i do nt want to . before the ceremony , one cultist had run off out of fear or excitement or pure insanity . the runner stood and watched from a long way off , a blue speck in the rapidly dwindling light . newline newline they did the same with the woman as to james , but ripped the upper half of her suit off , from the shoulders up . one kicked her into the ditch . one of the woman s bare arms shot out to try to catch her balance . she fell face first into the dirt . newline newline   next one . no , wait , let s do the rest . those five , go ahead . newline newline it was a group project . cultists were scrabbling at helmets in batches , creating lots of commotion . the leader walked around the perimeter of the ditch , observing with a cold intensity . james fumbled for his gun . fear , cold , and adrenaline gave his movements huge tremors . newline newline no one noticed the woman in the ditch . how could they , as it was nearing twilight . in the bright blue light put out by her enviro suit , her once red hair had turned to gray , and maybe another color no human hair had ever been . for a long time she lay face down with her elbows up , as if she was trying to push herself up . she never moved , not even when the light came out of the depths of her suit . newline newline james watched the cult leader . his hand had found the handle of the pistol , and he waited . he waited for his nerves and for an optimal time to put a bullet in the man whose idea this had been . newline newline the leader watched the woman in the dirt . he was the first to see the light come from the her suit . sparks began to bounce around inside it and pop out of the gaping hole where the suit s chest used to be . she may have screamed . hard to tell amongst all the other screaming . the cult leader found himself yelling inside his own suit . this was it . everything he d hoped . everything he d wanted to tell them . every comforting belief he had tried to deny himself as a scientist . newline newline his religious ecstasy peaked as the woman burst into flame . newline newline james pointed the gun at the transfixed cult leader . james was a hunter . and he used his expertise to aim the weapon , slightly less accurate than what he was used to . in the dark and the cold his aim was much worse . so he only shot that son of a bitch through his helmet , destroying his mouth and shattering most of his teeth , rather than through his brain pan . newline newline the cult leader pitched forward , down into the pit . he bucked and writhed in pain , blood totally coating the inside of his helmet . newline newline the woman burned , lying there in the same awkward pushup position . the flames began to funnel and roar , producing a large pillar of dirty jet black smoke from the plastic suit . newline newline james aimed his gun around at the melee of identical enviro suits , all writhing and screaming , struggling in the dark . he clenched his jaw and squinted his eyes . he wanted to kill all of them , all who were responsible . but who was who ? newline newline the flames coming off the burning woman focused and increased in intensity . they became blue , while , translucent . blinding . newline newline james turned and ran . he fled in the dark , away . he wondered , why him ? he could nt be immune . did it work at different rates ? was he about to die too ? perhaps whatever was in the air had settled into the soil ? newline newline was it that ? he slowed down and breathed the sweet , poisoned air and made his way best he could into the dark . he tried not to stumble over the clods , plants , hidden animal holes , and roots . he walked , slow and steady , away from the blinding infernal beacon of the woman . newline newline but why him ? he asked himself again and again , even when he was far away an he could no longer see the light . even when he thought he had the answer . why , just out of pure chance , did he live ? why him ?so , this is the big man s office . well , the secretary told me he wanted to see me . he s made a pretty great place here , so i do nt see why i should nt oblige . newline newline as i open the door , i ca nt help but notice the smell of bratwurst and the sound of richard wagner . finally , i fully open the door , and there he is ... newline newline  hitler ? !  newline newline  ja , mein friend . come in , come in , have a bratwurst !  newline newline i m completely dumbfounded . how can adolf hitler , one of the most evil men in history , make such a perfect place ?  you re adolf hitler ? the adolf hitler ? and you made this place ?  newline newline  who else would have ? did nt you notice ze lack of jews ?  he lets out a hearty laugh , then quiets down when he notices how uncomfortable i am .  ... oh . ja . not everyone was enamored with mein actions ... . bratwurst ?  newline newline  uhhh , no thank you , i m fine .  newline newline  then please , at least sit down : you re making me nervous just standing there .  newline newline i almost do nt like how comfortable this chair is . the eagleshaped back massager is a nice touch , though .  so , you did all this ?  newline newline  ja .  newline newline  the 12titted breastbeasts ?  newline newline  ja .  newline newline  and the root beer fountain ?  newline newline  ja . i see you re a fan of barq s , too .  newline newline  this ... sorry , this is a little hard to digest .  newline newline  no worries , herr morrison : this is a strange situation .  newline newline  so ... . if you do nt mind my asking ... why ?  newline newline  ze afterlife is lonely , und you share my taste in many things .  newline newline i m really confused now .  i m ... dead ?  newline newline  ja ... nasty case of bullettozeheaditis .  newline newline  ... .mind if i take a bratwurst now ?  newline newline  go for it , mein friend . this must be pretty hard to ... digest . ahh , see ? i know you like bad puns .  newline newline  hahaha okay , that made me chuckle . hey , is that an authentic luger ?  newline newline he picks it up , smiling appreciatively .  ohhh , you re a gun nut , too ? here , take a closer look .  newline newline i take the gun out of his hands .  thanks . nice model ... .  newline newline then i put the gun to my temple , and i pull the trigger .the boss approached me ,  nikki , i see you are able to interact with the living . i have a favor to request and should you succeed i will grant you a new life .  i was shocked anyone could have that kind of aurum , the currency of the dead . newline newline newline my curiosity piqued i asked ,  what favor do you request that you would offer a new comer like me a new life ?  newline newline newline a dark look crossed his face ,  i want you to kill the man who killed me .  newline newline newline shocked i asked ,  why must i do it ? you re the mob boss .  newline newline newline  was , nikki , i was . i am dead now . have you not noticed , you are the only one here who can interact with the living ?  newline newline newline i looked around the alley we were in , ghosts continued to live in the mortal world , but they went unseen and unheard by the living . i chose to stay in my old hometown as many did . though my family had long since moved , i was content here . but a new life ? that would be bliss . ghosts often had to work for ages to earn that kind of aurum . to earn it , we had to do little acts of kindness . helping find something lost , or encouraging someone who was down on their luck , but it was subtle things . like we were able to manipulate small objects for very brief periods of time , or speak through the wind and give people ideas they thought their own . only i could speak directly to humans and carry large objects for long periods of time . newline newline newline i looked back at the boss ,  it s a deal . who am i killing ?  newline newline newline  his name is jake snow . i believe he was a love interest of yours at some point , eh nikki ?  he said with a sly grin . newline newline newline i glared back ,  abuse does not count as a love interest .  newline newline newline  ah but you adored him ,  replied the boss waving a dismissive hand .  but now you must go . farewell , nikki .  newline newline newline i walked away from him and towards jake s house . as a ghost we have this sense of where all mortal are all the time . it s both useful and annoying . when i got to jake s house i found it was very nice . inside it was clean and smelled wonderful . the source of the smell was a pregnant woman cooking something . she was beautiful and looked happy . jake came down and kissed her cheek bidding her a good day . he was kind to her and i could tell he adored her . the abusive monster i had known was nowhere to be seen . i looked to the woman again and found the unborn child had nt been given a soul yet , this was nt all that surprising as most children recieve their soul upon being born . i briefly wondered which of the many ghosts floating around town would become her soul . afterall , that s all us ghosts were , souls still in our previous form . that s how there s no overpopulation of ghosts , we all get recycled . newline newline newline my thoughts were interrupted because i had a job to do . i followed jake out to his car and to work . i was surprised to find he worked an office job . how had he killed the boss ? i did nt really care , i had my own personal videtta against him , after all , by extension he had killed me too . i killed myself because of his abuse . i wanted him to know it so the first step was wound him . i looked around the building and found the cubicles they were in were flimsy deviders . this company obviously cheaped out and it would cost them . i gave them a mighty shove and watched as they dominoed , collapsing right on jake . as blood began blooming around his body i feared i had accidentally killed him too soon . i let out a breath of relief as the emt pulled him out and rushed him to the hospital . after they stabilized him i entered his room , as he slept i took a marker to the wall and wrote ,  you did this to yourself .  i forced all his machines to go wild , beeping and shrieking . he woke with a start and seeing the message on the wall jammed his nurse s button rapidly . newline newline newline they d never see him alive again . newline newline newline the nurses found his cords all pulled out and his neck snapped . they were absolutely confounded and sent flowers and a note home to his family . newline newline newline  well done , nikki ,  the boss said putting a hand on my shoulder . newline newline newline  how did he kill you ?  i asked looking at the scene of mayhem . newline newline newline  he hit me on accident . but at least you got your revenge . well done .  he handed me the aurum and walked away . newline newline newline i took it to the office feeling empty and paid for my rebirth . newline newline newline in my new life my mom never told me what happened to my dad . only that he died in the hospital after an accident at work .she took a deep breath in . maybe she had come back too soon . she could nt stop thinking about her twins and how they were coping without her but martin had said he d be fine even if he had never changed a nappy yet . she smiled slightly , thinking of him just letting them be naked and running to the bathroom to hold them over the toilet when one started to pee . newline newline she looked at the camera as she was counted in to her live broadcast ,  good evening , sarah vine reporting for channel 5 news , over the forest fire that spread across a number of towns in a matter of days . fire fighters have just managed to control the blaze and we have exclusive footage of a rescue . there will be scenes that some people may find distressing ,  newline newline she shuffled papers as the live footage began . it followed a rescue team going through the remains of a street . houses were now empty , burnt shells  wooden fences had turned to ash whereas plastic ones had melted and distorted . there was a body which seemed to have became fused with a fence at his arm . it was now nothing more than a vile stick of burnt flesh and his body looked just as bad . a bag had been fused to his other hand . it was a baby changing bag . newline newline the camera panned out to show the house . the door had been left open when he left and the fire had spread to the inside of the house . it was mostly putrid yellow or a cancerous black but there were remnants of a blue wallpaper with doves on it and a metal windchime jingled ominously . newline newline at the studio , the crew were staring at sarah . tears were rolling down her cheeks as she shook her head . lots of people probably have that wallpaper and that windchime in their hallway . it s just a coincidence and nothing else .  she wiped the face and continued to watch the screen . it was nt her house and was nt her martin . he was safe with the twins . he had to be . newline newline the rescue team slowly entered the house . the fire had devoured its way through every room of the house as if it were a delicious meal . anything wooden had become kindling and just strengthened the fire  the wallpaper had been licked off the walls and left only burnt brick work to be looked at  and now instead of doors there was nothing . newline newline they came across a nursery and inside was a pram . the material was basically rags but the frame was still standing . there were two lumps that were falling through the metal work . but they were nt lumps , they were babies . skin was peeling to reveal bloody red flesh and their hands were interlocked in a mass of melted skin as if they had held onto each other in their final moments . the rescue crew fell into a deep , depressive silence as one member picked up the tangled pair of children . their backs still had some intact skin . their backs also had a birthmark a deep brown line across the middle of their spines . newline newline  no !  sarah sobbed ,  not my babies ! a century they gave us . one hundred years to prepare for their invasion , to pour humanity s collective resources into developing our technology , recruiting and training hundreds of millions for a military force of most epic proportions , and to build and stockpile the greatest arsenal ever seen in the history of mankind . newline newline  ... but to what end ?  newline newline the brighter individuals among us knew that it was all in vain . a few among my academic circle openly called it a running joke by the interstellar visitors , a taunting of the cow before its slaughter . i and many others knew it was an empty gesture given in farce , and any plans derived from it would had been a hopeless gambit from the beginning . newline newline as the late gordon e. moore had stated , technology is an exponentially growing entity , one which feeds on itself . it took humanity tens of thousand years to move from stone to metal tools . but only several hundred years had to pass from simple bamboo tubes filled with gunpowder and stones to the advent of maxim s rapidfiring machine gun . from the wright brothers  inception of poweredflight , it took us less than a century to move on to hypersonic aircraft capable of cruising the stratosphere . what possibly could we do against a race that had already mastered travel between star systems and other feats of technological wonder unknown to us ? newline newline in a hundred years , they might as well had moved on to deadlier means than they now possess at their confident disposal . like destroying entire stars at the snap of a finger ... or whatever comparative gesture these aliens used . what if they already could destroy stars ? the situation was as hopeless as it was surreal , analogy to a large middleage man giving a wee toddler ten years to prepare for a beating of his life . newline newline to tell you the truth , i had more faith in this unfortunate toddler than the prospects of humanity as a whole at this point . there was no way we could had beaten them , short of a divine miracle . newline newline of course , the more hardheaded or prideful of us decided to stand and fight from the onset  despite this clear logical truth presented in front of them . i ca nt tell you how many times i and my likeminded constituents wrote and made calls to the white house all those years ago , asking the president  the one in power then  to reconsider his stance . the russian and chinese government thought they had a chance as well , along with much of the nato bloc , india , and south africa . they poured billions , even trillions into new weapons research  railguns , hypersonic missiles , nuclearpropelled vehicles , superalloy armor , and of course energy weapons . they even funded a few quack projects push in by questionable companies and individuals , like the infamous  blackhole cannon  or cryshel tech s dreampipe nanobot swarm . the money and resources they wasted on antimatter alone , ... we could had used the dough to finish and launch gaia a decade earlier . newline newline the mainstream media lauded and sensationalized these efforts and accomplishments at every point . the economy was riding high from all the money being thrown into research and development , so most folks were happy with the way things were going . i guess many of them believed , or perhaps clung in desperate hope , that humanity had a chance in the impending showdown . newline newline we knew better ...  we  being me and my constituents . we were predominantly academics from the start , but it was your usual mix bag of people from all walks of life , just people who believed that the sword was not the answer to the threat . we started as individuals or small groups of concerned citizens writing to local media , appearing on news or talkshows as  experts  to voice our views . over time , we got more organized . we got labelled as defeatists a lot of times  hardly fair , since compare to the thousands of suicide cults that sprung and countless tragic individual cases of people ending it right after the alien s ultimatum  it was hard to miss , the clunks were broadcasting it all over earth  , we were prepare to do something other than roll over and die . newline newline i was a 22 yearold graduate student at mit at the time , majoring in nuclear engineering . two months after that faithful broadcast , me and a few classmates got to talking and formed mit s hawgoot group  hawgoot standing for  how are we getting out of this   an oncampus initiative on finding ways to deal with the issue . we were mostly centered on finding an avenue of escape from our undue extinction . instead of fighting , we intended on leaving earth itself . if we could nt win , we ll run . noah s ark kind of thinking if you may . it was just half dozen of us the first year , sitting in campus libraries discussing and doodling prototype ark ships on paper . the second year , our membership grew to a few dozen students , even professors and faculty , and hawgoot s credibility grew . with new numbers on our side , we got more publicly vocal , on the streets and online . newline newline we were nt alone in our thinking , there was sanctum for mankind , the exodus initiative , elsus , church of global salvation , abrk in germany , evais in france , berkeley s wcwlr  we ca nt win let s run  , ark for humanity initiative , and countless other likeminded groups all over the world  many with real influential backing from politicians or businessmen . we started making waves , putting up media and pushing our governments to consider the alternative . we took on a shared general mantra : we can fight and die , or flee and survive . newline newline needless to say , we were met with a lot of opposition . on campus , hawgoot had to deal with the antics of its counterpart , the iodta  institute of death to aliens  . these guys were warhawk engineering students who were concocting antialien weapon and defense systems in their spare time between exams , and generally giving a hard time to hawgoot members . these same folk who thought it possible to defeat spacefaring aliens told us it was impossible for humans to travel to another star . they made their points in other ways as well  their stinkbomb attack on our 2019 annual conference is still fresh on my mind . over time , we  arkists  attracted the attention of other less than savory groups . newline newline we were seen as cowards . threats and hostility from those who disagreed with us was rampant . from denunciation and harassment came death threats and outright attacks . a spokesperson for elsus was attacked at a supermarket when a woman recognized her from a cnn interview . in munich , abrk s office was hit several times by arsonists during the 20s and 30s . many campus arkists groups were banned  hawgoot included   not surprising as the universities and colleges were getting a fair share of the research money . shortly after my publicized debate at the pivotal 2027 u.s. senate hearings , a brick was thrown through my apartment window in boston . then three more the next week . a lot of people were mad with us for even thinking about running , and there was no way in hell they were going to allow their politicians to fund our escape . newline newline eventually , even the government started poking around , to find out if any of us were secretly alien collaborators . black suvs with tinted windows started following us to work and back home , the authorities pulled us in for questioning , and a few of us were declared flight risks . at least that was how it was in the states , russia , and most of the other countries i mentioned before . newline newline so that was how i found myself moving to ottawa , canada . newline newline the canadians were making a killing taking tech development contracts , shipping crude , and exporting uranium and other war materials to the main american effort down in texas . war was expensive , and it does nt get anymore expensive than a winnertakeall fight with beings from another planet . but prime minister arthur guernsey was eager to hear us out , against the pundits both at home and abroad . i was with ark for humanity by now , and most of us big heads were gathered in the canadian capital for some serious hearttoheart with the prime minister and his cabinet ... newline newline to be continued ...  newline newlinei looked up at the neon sign and sighed . newline newline  mark reading : read your mark , meet your spark !  newline newline i looked back to my mom and put on my best sad face . i never felt emotions , not the way i think most people do . i ve been angry before , but not much besides that . my mom looked stern . newline newline  you know you have to get your mark read , adam , you re 16 now .  newline newline i wonder how much they charge in there . i m pretty sure the government takes a percentage of the money for bringing these fakes all this business .  we can just say we got it read ? you know a parent s word is all we need .  newline newline she shook her head and walked in , with me following behind . the woman at the desk led me to the back , leaving my mom out in the front . she pointed to a chair and smiled ,  she ll be right with you . this room is soundproof so people do nt hear your secrets .  i smiled back . i learned how to smile convincingly early in my life . funny how i m complimented for the truth in my smiles when they re the only fake ones . newline newline a poster on the wall showed a mark in the shape of a heart with the words ,  follow your heart  . newline newline a woman walked in , smiled at me and told me to take off my shirt . i smiled again and obliged . she went to my back and began to read . after a few seconds , she stood up and stared at me .  get out ,  she said .  leave now .  newline newline not sure of what the problem was , i stood up , causing her to walk back . newline newline  just leave !  she was yelling now . newline newline  i came all this way to this dump , you re going to tell me what the damn mark says .  i did nt add any false emotion to my voice like i usually do . when i m angry , the only emotion i feel , my voice is emotionless . funny how that works . newline newline she back into a corner and i followed her .  tell me . now  newline newline she shook her head as she backed into the wall , eyes wide . i picked up a framed degree she had and repeated myself . when she remained quiet again , i hit her in the head with it , causing her to crumple to the ground . she held up her hands . newline newline  please ,  she begged .  do nt ...  newline newline  tell me what it means .  newline newline  your mark ... it says you have a darkness . you will kill .  she looked up at me , tears in her eyes . newline newline  huh ,  i said ,  i guess this mark thing is real .  i hit her one more time with the frame and dropped it . i walked out to my mom and gave her a nice smile . newline newline  she says i ll meet a beautiful girl who likes to cook .  my mom smiled at me . newline newline  see , it was nt so bad , was it ?  newline newline i shook my head .  guess not . i supposed i could give this challenge a shot , but as i considered and pondered the pros and cons of undertaking such a task , stopping liberally to also consider many other subjects completely irrelevant to what i d initially set out to do , i began to realize that my participation in this endeavor was little more than a product of my own competitive , sportsmanlike vanity , endearing me to the thought of besting all others , be they competitors , spectators , hapless passersby or inanimate objectsand i was quite repulsed at the characteristically capitalistic tendencies i was displaying despite holding quite a revulsion at the same tendencies in other people , but regardless , as i went on and on , beating around the bush and hemming and hawing about whether or not to devote any serious effort to the composition of a sentence comprised of unmatched length  a competition not wholly unfamiliar to most men  i eventually reached the decisive and unquestionable conclusion that all it would really take to succeed here would be to string together an impossible amount of compound sentences , which may consist of innumerable separate clauses and ideas but nonetheless holds steady to the definition outlined by the original provider of the question at hand as a single sentence  and so growing quite bored of the analysis , i decided it would be best and behoove me the most to insert a symbol of punctuation right here at this juncture , where i stand firm in my belief that if this is nt the longest contribution to the thread of conversation , at the very least it may have been one of the cleverer responses received hitherto .maria and suliman sabah yildizi were expecting their first child , and boy were they excited . their birth plan was drawn up , the hospital reserved , the midwife allocated to them . so when the call came from the president to up sticks and move , there was a spanner thrown in the works alright . there was to be a national census . all people were to head back to the city of their birth . newline newline at least , that was maria and suliman  s understanding . both spoke excellent english , but their grasp of american idiom left something to be desired . so when the presidential executive tweet announced that they should  fuck off back to where they came from  , suliman and maria mistakenly packed up their six year old chevrolet and headed for boston , where suliman was born , rather than istanbul , the city of his parents  birth . newline newline arriving rather late on a friday night in boston is never wise . problems finding suitable accommodation for an eight and a half month pregnant lady were exacerbated by the simultaneous hosting of a folk festival and the nra annual conference in that fair city . everywhere was booked  days inn , comfort suites , bets western , hiltoneven the holiday inn was sold out . eventually , a bar owner named sam took pity on them , and told them they could hunker down for the night in his beer cellar . newline newline about an hour after making herself comfortable on some cardboard packaging , maria felt the first telltale signs of her uterus getting fed up with it  s tenant . she tried all the tricks from the prenatal classes  calm thoughts , deep breaths , estimates of the cost of a university education in 2035  but nothing was going to halt this sucker . suliman had popped out to try to locate the nearest census registration office , so he could be first in the queue in the morning . eventually , maria  s discomfort and cries brought her to the attention of a grumpy , wiseass barmaid , a fat office worker and a drunken mailman . they all attended maria as best they could . the barmaid had had six  or was it seven  kids of her own , so she was able to guide maria through what turned out to be a rather uncomplicated birth . the drunken mailman had a pocket knife and some cable ties with him , neatly taking care of any issues with the umbilical cord . the fat guy mostly disappeared and wandered back with fresh beers , but his presence was comforting . suliman arrived back in time to see his new baby daughter feeding at her mother  s breast , the pair a radiant picture of health . the baby was wrapped in the torn up remnants of a us mail sack . newline newline the barmaid , drunk guy and mailman made their exit quietly , to allow the newly formed family time to bond . the drunk left a new packet of unopened peanuts . the barmaid had brought some water  spring , un gassed , in pretty green glass 275ml bottles . the mailman presumed his gift of the mail sack was adequate , and left it at that . newline newline  oh boy , i missed it ! i  m so sorry honey ,  said suliman .  i couldn  t find a registration office anywhere . and when i asked , nobody seemed to understand me . i  m beginning to wonder if this census is even a thing  newline newline he gazed down lovingly at the two most important people in his life .  hello jessica ,  he said to his new baby daughter , his eyes brimming with tears of happiness . then to maria ,  i love you honey . she is perfect.  newline newline  well , almost ,  said maria . she looked down at the baby , and moved the sackblanket to show suliman their daughter  s lower back and spine .  see  she  s got this cute little tail .  dr . garyson , you have five seconds to cut to the chase and explain what  s happening here . why are we so damn hairy ?  newline newline dr. grayson sputtered a bit . he  d carefully prepared notes that would accurately convey the biochemical changes that had stricken humanity in the past week while still being understandable to the layperson . as of right now , that was primarily this idiot general . newline newline after gathering his thoughts for a moment , pausing for several seconds just to spite the general , dr. grayson continued ,  first off general douglas , it  s not really hair . here , take this.  newline newline dr. grayson handed the general a small propane torch off his work station . newline newline he pointed at the general  s arm ,  light the torch and point it at your arm.  newline newline a flicker of rage flashed across the general  s face ,  if this is some sort of joke i  ll have your  newline newline  it  s quite safe . i assure you . i ve done it several times already ,  said dr. grayson , cutting off the general . newline newline still glowering , the general sparked the torch and quickly passed it over his arm . nothing happened . no smoke , no sulfur stench , nothing . newline newline the general passed the torch over his arm again , going a bit slower this time . still , nothing happened . he held the torch over one spot on his left forearm . newline newline he held it there a full thirty seconds before turning off the torch and handing it back to the doctor . newline newline  it is nt even warm ,  said the general , shock at the edge of his voice . newline newline dr. grayson took the torch ,  yes , i noticed that last week when i spilled a cup of fresh coffee on myself . you see , it  s not really hair . it  s some sort of carbon nanotube structure , about four hundred nanometers in diameter , packed with some sort of protein that can transduce thermal energy .  newline newline  the protein converts infrared radiation into electrical potential that  s stored between the individual strands . just fyi , careful when you leave the room , you  re going to get a hell of a shock when you touch the metal doorknob ,  said the doctor with a small smirk , and then continued ,  also , something you , or really anyone of the belligerent persuasion , may find interesting is that the stuff weaves together if you don  t brush it . looks matted and gross as hell , but i think it  ll behave a lot like kevlar . you could be stopping bullets with your chest hair right now.  newline newline the general ignored dr. grayson , instead studying his shaggy arm hair , but after a moment he came out of it . newline newline  what about the other enhancements ?  he asked . newline newline  i was getting to that before your question ,  said dr. grayson , taking a subtle dig at the general ,  the enhancements , as you call them , are , on the hole , beneficial in almost every way but one . the enhanced strength appears to come from an enhanced form of the myosin protein . nothing too exotic , i  m sure evolution could have cooked this up , but not in a week.  newline newline dr. grayson took a seat on his lab bench ,  the eye sight and hearing are the same story , basically upgraded versions of proteins that already existed ,  he said ,  couple changes to the digestive tract , they seem to bolster our ability to absorb nutrients into our gut wall . we ve also seen an explosion in gut microbes . it  s entirely possible we ve gained the ability to digest cellulose.  newline newline  meaning ?  asked the general . newline newline  we could probably start eating grass if we wanted ,  replied dr. grayson ,  though i don  t think there ve been any changes to help the taste.  newline newline the general nodded ,  you mentioned a change that was nt beneficial ?  newline newline dr. grayson shrugged ,  it  s not a change so much as a consequence of the ones we ve already seen . you see , these changes make our bodies far more robust , but it comes at a nutritional cost . whereas before we would be looking at one to three thousand calories a day , we  re now looking at around nine to twelve thousand . it may not affect us here in the first world , but where people are already starving  the doctor shrugged again ,  things could get pretty bad , or worse , i should say.  newline newline the general nodded yet again , and then began to pace for a bit . dr. grayson watched him , wondering if the meeting was at an end . newline newline he  d have left , but it was his lab , when the general turned back to him ,  i have to say dr. grayson , i  m extremely impressed with your work . you ve accomplished more in a week than any of the other teams working on the recent changes , so i  m going to bump you up a security clearance and bring you on full time . we  ll be leaving for a cia black site in an hour . we  ll send someone to pick you up , and get you somewhere safe ,  the general turned to leave . newline newline dr. grayson nearly fell off the stool jumping to follow the general ,  woah ! hold up there , general ! what do you mean leave ? i  m heavily invested here !  newline newline the doctor stopped in his tracks with a sudden realization . he then called after the general ,  what do you mean  safe  ! ?  he started running again out into the hall after the general . newline newline the general turned back , letting the doctor catch up . quietly , he said ,  we ve found something . something out near the orbit of mars , and it is coming here ,  the general fixed the doctor with his cold gaze ,  we ve found ourselves with a lot of questions this week , and so far you  re the only one to give us any answers.  newline newline the general began to walk towards the building  s exit again ,  if that does nt make you one of the best of us , i don  t know what does . your country needs you , son ,  he reached the door ,  hell , the world needs you.  newline newline the door swung shut .i had gotten the call a week ago today . i hesitantly recalled it as they prepared her for launch . newline newline   mr . thompson ?  newline newline   yes ?  newline newline   this is director thom michaelovich , of nasa . i m sure you ve heard of the upcoming catastrophe : that earth is going to be destroyed in a matter of days ? in the wake of such a tragedy , we have selected your daughter to be a part of the manned mission to mars in order to keep mankind alive whilst earth dies . congratulations . more information will be emailed to you promptly . godspeed .  newline newline congratulations .  what a bastard . newline newline as that phone call played out in my head , my wife was wrapping her arms around me tighter than ever . my son held on to my hand loosely , gazing at the spacecraft that was docked in front of us . different men and women of all shapes , ages , and sizes were being loaded onto the rocket . newline newline my daughter spotted us in the middle of the crowd waiting for the ship s departure and yelled ,  daddy !  newline newline she tore away from the grip of the officer s directing her onto the ship and ran towards us . i knelt down and wrapped my arms around her  i could have stayed like that forever . my wife hugged her , and then my son got his chance to hug his older sister . newline newline  mommy , daddy , why are nt you in astronaut suits yet ?  newline newline i looked at my wife , and she at me . we both sighed deeply to each other . i remained knelt down and grabbed my daughter s shoulders .  emily ,  i whispered , my voice cracking ,  mommy and i and garrett are nt coming with you . we ca nt . they do nt want us to come with you . sweetie , believe me , if there was a way , i would never leave you .  newline newline  what do you mean ?  i could tell she was on the verge of crying . newline newline  you re going into space alone . we re very sorry , honey . if we could change this , we would . i would never leave you . we would never leave you .  newline newline she began to cry . warm , angry tears began streaming down her face .  but , daddy  newline newline  i m so sorry , sweetie .  i felt tears starting to form in my own eyes . i looked down upon my daughter  my sweet , beautiful , distressed emily .  emily ?  newline newline i wiped the tears from her eyes .  yeah ?  she replied , her voice trembling . newline newline  i love you more than you will ever know . what do i say about love ?  newline newline she gave me a weak smile .  that you love me to the sun and back .  newline newline a tear streaked down my face .  that s right , my love . i love you all the way to the sun and back . in fact , i love you all the way to mars and back . i love you to infinity and back !  newline newline she let out a small laugh . newline newline  your mother and i are so very proud of you for taking on your responsibilities like a grown up . your mother and garrett and i will always love you and cherish every moment we had with you . we will never stop loving you . do nt you ever forget that . you re my little girl , and no one can ever replace you .  newline newline an officer grabbed her shoulder and tried to tug her back towards the spaceship . she looked up at him and then back at me , and wrapped her arms around my neck as tight as she possibly could .  i do nt wan na go ! i do nt wan na leave you , daddy !  newline newline  i know you do nt , em . i know , i know , i know you do nt . and i love all the more for it . but it s now time to be a big girl . can you be a grown up for mommy , garbear , and me ?  newline newline she wiped more tears from her eyes . her spacesuit did not help dry her face , but they got the tears out of her eyes . she nodded , her mouth quivering with fear and sadness . newline newline  i want you to convince me that you ll be a good and strong big girl up there , okay ?  newline newline  i will , daddy , i will .  newline newline  good girl . daddy , mommy , and garrett will always love you !  i unhooked her arms from my neck and extended her gloved hands to the officer .  this man will take good care of you , alright , sweetie ?  newline newline she nodded and looked up at the officer . i saw the officer smile softly at her , and then they started to leave . she walked hesitantly back towards the spaceship . i watched her every step of the way .why do i always trip myself up at the finish line ? newline newline newline you meet a girl , you do right by her , you both take care of each other . that  s how things are supposed to work , right ? newline newline newline sarah was perfect . she was damn perfect . working at the gallery , you meet a lot of those hipster chicks  a bar that  s an art gallery by day , the crowd we draw is pretty interesting . my boss puts up the help wanted sign for a day and a half , and then in walks this solid 10 , this mix . she  s easily 5  9 in her lookatme heels , with straight brown hair that frames her face and crests her shoulder blades . and her eyes are so green , so piercing , they could snap you in half with a welltimed gaze . i watched her walk in , speak to my manager , and walk to the back without a single breath or blink . she must  ve thought i was nuts , completely nuts . but , then again , she must know the effect she has on men . newline newline newline the next night , she was at my side behind the bar , almost too beautiful to look at , but so quiet and soft spoken , she was like a lovely ghost . she smiled at the patrons , and they all leaned close to catch her gentle words  this enraptured me all the more . i imagined myself holding her close and letting those eyes unfold me . newline newline newline it took a week and a half for me to speak to her , and you know what , i  m not that bad with women to begin with . we were doing inventory , and my boss popped out of his office and told me he  d need me to start coming in early to help set up the tables and chairs before the gallery became the gallery . i saw sarah smile widely , and i asked her what she was smiling about . she looked surprised , and i realized this might be because i hadn  t even introduced myself to her yet . what a fucking idiot . newline newline newline  i  m mike ,  i said , recovering . she smiled into her words .  i know ,  she cooed . newline newline newline she asked me to walk her home . newline newline newline she had to know , she just had to know what she was doing to my mind . i didn  t know a thing about her , but i just couldn  t stop myself from looking at her all the time , thinking about her and counting down the hours until i saw her at work . we walked through the quiet street , the lamps illuminating her face , the inviting lines of her cheeks and inevitably , the catlike eyes that gazed up at me . she interlaced our fingers , and welcomed me into her bed . newline newline newline i woke to bright daylight and a cold bed , soft sheets and a fluffy comforter . she had left a sticky note of the screen of my phone , which informed me she had to go , but that i was welcome to food or coffee and that she would see me later . she had drawn little hearts at the bottom of the note , which gave me a blood rush and put my skin on pins and needles . newline newline newline i explored her apartment a little , the small efficiency with even smaller furniture , the expanse of books that lined her walls , her tiny makeup bottles , perfumes , contact trays , and hair creams that neatly sat in her medicine cabinet , almost too perfectly arranged . i lay for a moment with my face in her pillow , breathing her in , before departing and beginning my countdown to seeing her again . newline i got to work two hours early , to help with the set up . it was weird to see the place so lit up , full of the daytime folks i wasn  t used to anymore . sarah  s perfume was still on my neck . newline newline newline i walked into the back to grab the tables , and i saw her . i had to doubletake  she was the kind of girl you might miss at first glance . she was pulling her purse out of the employee rack , and replacing her book . her hair was tied into a high , curly bun , with tendrils delicately falling out and resting on her cheeks . her glasses were wide , the kind you may  ve gotten made fun of for in 2000 but could now wear in a totally socially acceptable way . i couldn  t see her eyes , or make out her frame under the chunky sweater she had wrapped herself in . she was maybe 5  6 , and seemed more hurried than she should  ve been . there was nothing remarkably beautiful about her , individually , but somehow , you just wanted to look at her . she looked the way brown sugar tastes . suddenly , she turned , and met my eyes . she smiled like she had been waiting her whole life to see me . newline newline newline her eyes were melted chocolate , and they begged me to come closer . i felt disarmed , afraid , unwilling , but already lost . she took a step toward me before my boss appeared and insisted i hurry the hell up . her smile dropped for a moment , but she hurried over to me , kissed my cheek , and told me she  d see me later .  i  mmike ,  i managed , completely bewildered . she laughed a gilded , gentle laugh .  i  m sarah !  she said , with an overly formal handshake . she vanished out the front door , and i felt my entire body tense and surge with fear . why is everyone named sarah ? newline newline newline my sarah , my perfect , knockout sarah , arrived four hours later , her red smile embarrassing me for no reason . she was too beautiful , too much , too perfect .  sorry about earlier ,  she breathed in my ear , and kissed my cheek , just as the other sarah had . i felt the pit of guilt in my stomach .  no , don  t worry about it at all ,  i mused , and i smiled at her .  if you want ,  she purred ,  maybe you could come over again tonight.  her eyes flashed .  yeah , i  m down ,  i said , too quietly , too aware . for some reason , i couldn  t get the other sarah out of my mind . newlinei am alone , but i am happy . newline newline they say seclusion can bring a man ultimate serenity . i happen to agree . no matter where in the world you are , no matter what you re doing , you always have yourself . why depend on anyone else ? i am here in my little cabin , and all i need is myself . i am happy . as the wind calms and the rustling of the pine trees stops , i am reminded that out here in my little home , there is silence  and with silence , there is peace . i wonder if this is what being dead is like . do you just cut to black ? is there forever darkness and an unwavering silence accompanying the eternal fate that lays in wait for us all ? i guess i ll never know . she will , though , soon enough . nobody can hear her scream down there . nobody can hear her cry for help . my poor , beautiful guest . i wish i could wipe the dirty tears from her weary , beautiful blue eyes and tell her that everything was going to be okay , but i do nt like lying to them . the pain will only last for a second , and when it s all over , i ll be alone again , and i ll be happy . but am i truly ever alone , i wonder ? i have such a lovely congregation of friends in the backyard , after all . soon she ll be one of them . ah , friends .grime settled in grooves . smog washed out color from billboards and choked the lights of skycrapers . gotham pulled itself out of hazy slumber into listless overcast light and down into the night with cognac to chase the specters run amok . a restless night awaited the city . the monsters come out at night . newline newline there is a pattern of mourning . a regularity . a blazing wound that oozes , scabs , pulls , flecks away , diminishes to shiny scar and a haltering story . newline newline for the greatest nemesis , there could be no pattern . no regularity . for chaos itself , for the unstoppable force , there is no mourning . newline newline there is adaptation . newline newline when the citizens settled down with the parched mouth of drinking , the nemesis found the paltry monsters , the underlings . shouts and barking cries in the night , and then the roaring quiet pooling blood . newline newline the next night , he found the specters , higher than monsters but still small fry . they also expressed dismay and betrayal , and lamented that the chaos had taken form . newline newline he went on , night after night . the cacophony of night time noise petered out in increments . newline newline until one of the denizens of the night talked . newline newline then , there was the kind of quiet as to be found in the trenches . the first night , the green woman kept quiet as though waiting . the organized chaos passed over her , intent on his target . newline newline the next night , the dualfaced man waited quietly without guards . he knew about the man bent on revenge and his insurmountable connections . the man passed him . newline newline the next night , a bird waited in a cage . he had his excuse ready but feared he could not shared it quickly enough before the gas etched a deadly grin to his face . the man passed him . newline newline electric quiet in the remainder of the week : the one who asked questions , the puppet thug , the feline , the frigid man . each waited for the arrival , each hoping one of the others had killed the bat . newline newline then , in the dark , he found the man . a simple man , unassuming , overweight . he talked to his camera . explained his entire method . explained why a gun and how he would never be caught . not a member of the rogue s gallery . just a face in the crowd who could put a bullet through the batman s head . newline newline there came a squeal and then silence . newline newline in the gray morning the man s camera and recordings waited on the front stoop of the gotham police department . they grimaced as they watched the killer calmy describe the plan , then their eyebrows lighted and their chins dropped at the appended footage . newline newline the man formerly of chaos wore a hood and muted colors of purple . he jittered just enough to reveal the man he had been and his voice came clear and at a deeper register . newline newline  i am vengeance ,  he said .  playtime has ended . sure it was a curious thing . a random button , on his kitchen table . it was rather large and green . he always pictured this things being red as if to ward off potential pressers , but this button actually encouraged him  in fact , it had manners . please click me , the button read . he wondered why such a thing would even bother saying  please  as if it needed him to press it . now , theo was nt much for adventure . actually , he had just sat down for his evening decaf  you can tell a lot about a man by his tastes in coffee  when he first noticed the button . newline newline as if to be clever , theo lifted the object to see if his was connected to anything ... no , it was simply a metal box with a large green button . no wires , no plugs , no switches , no batteries , no nothing . he could nt even find screws or bolts to hold the thing together . he set the object down and stared at it intently . why was it here ? who put it here ? what could it do if he pressed it ? well , no matter . he sat forward in his car and picked up his hand , ready to click the button . newline newline then he stopped . newline newline what if this was nt the right button ? what it someone had placed several other buttons around and one of them was the right one ? you see , theo got it in his head that clicking this button would bring some sort of value to him , maybe monetary compensation . and , his father always told him that nothing worth having comes easy  so why would it be sitting right in front of him ? theo spent the next several moments searching around his apartment for some sort of clue only to come up with nothing . newline newline this , he concluded , was the button  the only button . so what could this button possible do for him ? well , it had to do something after all . otherwise , it would nt be a button and it would nt be asking someone to click it ! theo could nt comprehend a button that did nothing , that would be absurd . buttons are there to make some sort of task easier , so we do nt have to manually connect any wires or change currents . theo thought long and hard . yes , he would do it . he would press it and no matter what happens he would continue to live his life the same way he lived it before . no matter if the button bestowed millions of dollars or gave him a new car . newline newline he pressed it . newline newline the familiar click of the button receding into the metal box gave him that satisfying sound . he waited a few moments , and waited a few more . he did nt feel different , and he certainly did nt see anything different . theo ran to his window and looked outside . no , no new car in the street . hmm , maybe he needed to press it again . newline newline you stupid fool . newline newline you just turned it off . whatever was happening is off now . look what you ve done . theo calmed himself down and waited a few more moments . and it clicked it again . newline newline now , you ve definitely done it . newline newline whatever magic was there is gone , and you ruined it just like your marriage . newline newline theo was inconsolable . he was also not a very violent man and quickly internalized his temper . newline newline 9:30 newline newline it was time to leave this nonsense and get some rest . he had work the next day and needed his sleep for that presentation on thursday . newline newline theo left the kitchen leaving the button on the table , and turned the lights off . newline newline it probably did nt do anything anyways .i ve always felt like that last kid picked on the team . when i was born , my parents had the weapon s picture taken and they caught the doctor in the act of finding my weapon . they were supposed to wait until he was ready to actually present it but something went wrong with the timer , that does nt matter though , the real portion that brings a tear drop to everyone s eye is that the doctor was out of weapons , so he handed me a gillette fusion razor . he did a little lying and a little magical tinkering to make it never wear out but that did nt change what the blade did to my future . it set me up for a lifetime of being a barber for the balding . newline newline twenty years i d been doing this spraying shaving cream on someone s head , doing ten quick long strokes and collecting a few dollars from them . there was no doubt i was the fastest shaver in the world but that made sense , i d been doing it since i was three . my father handed over the razor much sooner than he d given my brother his mystical dagger of bloodletting or my sister her serrated brass knuckles of protection . his gift made me the most respected barber in the world , now i had the king come to me for a shave . newline newline that was when everything changed , the king , stroking his beard and laughing at one of my classic barbershop jokes , threw his head back , digging the gillette fusion razor into his scalp he was dead in an instant . that was the problem with a never dulling razor , they kept their shine until the very last chance . newline newline as the king s blood poured out on his shop s floor , his blade started to glow . it flew about in the air , growing in size as a small monster came out the triblade razor .  hank ... you ve finally released me , what may i assist you with ?  the genie like individual asked . newline newline  a new bladed weapon . i m sick of being asked if i prefer it shaved or bushy .  newline newline  your wish can be granted , but there is much more in store for you and that razor in the coming days .  newline newline just as the genie floated back into the razor , a shaking took beneath the barbershop . the king drew his sword but he was too late  the bearded monsters only wanted me .ahhh haaaa , it  s about god damn time ! i was so tired of running . newline this crew really has no sense of adventure , no love of danger . newline the sound of that shot was the best that ever happened to me . newline now i feel i no longer have to hide . the jekyll has to turn . newline newline as i walk out onto the deck the fresh air invigorates me to no end . more so than usual i can feel the spirit of the sea . newline all i see around me are the scared faces of those who have already accepted their fate . newline these small , insignificant , crewmen don  t understand the gift that these pirates have given us . newline death catches all of us eventually , now we will have a glorious one . newline newline i take one deep breath and slowly feel my consciousness fade within . i can feel the vicious instinct taking grasp . newline i slowly step further out onto the deck , each step propelling my descent into that derelict disposition that is terrifying temperamental . newline newline the crew needs to be properly motivated they need to be prepared to die to take pleasure in this impending defeat . newline i look around at the chaos . the screaming . the crying . it makes me sick . i load my pistol and take out my compass . newline i order the nearest crewman to hold up the compass to his chest and i fire . the compass shatters , and i am free . newline newline edit : formatting newline newline  wish us luck , harrison . hopefully , we ll see you soon . if things do nt work out , it s been an honor working with you .   newline newline harrison woke up on the floor of the lab . harrison stumbled to his feet . newline newline  thank you ,  harrison gasped .  tell me , is everything outside ?  his rescuers stood in a circle around him  he recognized none of them .  wait , who are you ?  newline newline they all turned to look at the one standing in front of hima tall woman with hair and eyes the color of steel . she cleared her throat , and said ,  we arehere to rescue you.  newline newline  rescue ? then  harrison sat heavily on the floor .  it didn  t work.  newline newline  what didn  t work ?  one of them asked . the woman silenced him with a glare . suspicious of his  rescuers ,  harrison looked up . newline newline  you don  t know who are you really ?  newline newline the woman sighed .  we aren  t from here ,  she said . newline newline  well , then where are you from ? another of the labs ?  newline newline  cygnus ,  the woman answered .  our star is on the opposite side of the galaxy.  newline newline harrison s eyebrows shot upward .  oh ,  he said . newline newline the woman continued ,  i realize this must be difficult for you to  newline newline  oh , please spare me the  you  re not alone in the universe  bullshit ,  harrison interrupted . he stood upright with a grunt , and sighed .  i  ve seen stranger things than aliens over the last godknowshowmany days . i am curious , though ,  he added ,  as to why you look human , and speak perfect english.  newline newline the woman tapped a small mechanism clipped to her belt .  this matches the appearance of indigenous species , and translates their languageto facilitate communication , not to deceive.  newline newline   indigenous species  jesus ,  harrison muttered . he leaned against the console that had until recently sustained him . newline newline  we came to investigate an anomaly we observed in your starbut our ship was damaged upon entering your system , and we had to land here to repair it . our sensor chief noticed the signal coming from this place  we decided to investigate it ,  the woman explained . newline newline  what  s wrong with the sun ?  harrison asked . newline newline  your star ?  the sensory chief asked .  according to the fro  newline newline  the what ?  harrison interrupted . newline newline   first relativistic observatory.  according to data from the fro , your  sun  aged almost 14,000 years in the space of a day.  newline newline harrison  s head shot up .  that  s how long it  s been ?  he said . newline newline  do you know something about this ?  the woman asked . newline newline harrison nodded slowly .  unfortunately , i think i might.  he took a deep breath .  it was a day before we realized what had happened  newline newline  newline newline our instruments had picked up something strangesome aberration in data sent from an lhc experiment . it wasn  t in the next experiment  s data , though , so we dismissed it until the next day . or , i guess it wasn  t really the next dayyou see , everyone woke up , and it was the same day as before . newline newline the initial reaction was about what you would expect . there was panic , confusion , apathetic jokes about that old bill murray movie . my colleagues and i got to work trying to figure out what happened , and how to fix it . as far as we could tell , it started with the aberration in our data , and it was confined to our solar system . local spacetime had somehow curved back on itselfwe would keep experiencing the same day over and over again , though for reasons we could never explain , we would remember each iteration of the cycle . newline newline we didn  t spend too long questioning a good thing . every time the day started over , we came into work armed with what we had learned before , and we tried to come up with a solution . teams all around the world were putting their heads together , trying to make sense of what had caused this , and what we could do to fix it . newline newline no one made much progress on finding out the cause of our dilemmabut my team had an idea as to how we might stop the cycle . newline newline we theorized that the cycle was the result of spacetime becoming tangled , in a sense  we just needed to unravel it . to do this , we needed to create a singularitygenerate enough energy to cause a large enough ripple in spacetime to untangle it . the only problem was the collateral damageeveryone on earth would die as a result of the excess energy ejected from the singularity . newline now before you all start giving me looks , it wouldn  t be permanent . everyone would be fine when the last iteration of the cycle would start . not everyone was understanding , as you might imagine , but the governments of most countries kept order long enough for us to detonate the singularityat least , the first few times . newline newline it didn  t work the first time , obviouslyor the time after that . or the next several dozen times after that . science is about experimentation , you must know thati can  t imagine it  s that different in cygnus , or wherever you  re from . the entire world  s population went crazybeing blown up again and again and again , only to wake up on the same day each time . every new cycle , governments would fall to mass riots , only to spring up again when the day restarted , and wait for the next riot . newline newline we eventually figured out where we went wrongwe knew the next one would work . but we also found a potential flaw in the plan . newline newline you see , spacetime wasn  t tangled in a loop so much as aa spiral , with each loop intersecting the point in spacetime corresponding to the beginning of the day . each iteration of the cycle generated a new realitya separate possible timeline for the solar system to take after the singularity untangled our local spacetime . now , the recent timelines were more dominant , so the plan would probably work , and generate a final iteration of the day where everything  s fine . newline newline but there was a possibilityapproximately 32  , i thinkthat the singularity would collapse spacetime into one of the timelines where we destroyed the earth . i don  t need to tell you how things played out . newline newline  newline newline harrison rested his head in his hands . the woman cleared her throat .  so how did you survive ?  newline newline harrison looked up , and sighed .  we developed a contingency , should things take a turn for the worse . they put a single member of each team in a pocket dimension that would survive whatever outcome the singularity brought  if everything worked out , they  d collapse the pocket dimension and bring us back.  harrison nodded at the nowdark console .  if worse came to worst , each team set up a console would collapse the pocket dimension after three days , and leave us to figure out a way to bring our world back.  harrison rose , and turned to the sensor chief .  but you said the sun aged 14,000 years ?  newline newline  not quite 14,000 , but yes ,  the sensor chief said . newline newline harrison frowned .  that doesn  t make any sense . unless  harrison  s head jerked up .  what was it like outside ? the city ?  newline newline  ruins ,  the woman answered .  we assumed whatever civilization was here died out long ago.  newline newline harrison bit his lip .  there  s no way the mobs did that much damage in any of the iterations.  his eyes widened .  oh , shit . shit , shit , shit.  newline newline  what ?  newline newline  the spiral spacetime structure collapsed into a single loop.  harrison tore at his hair .  the damage of each iteration became superimposedthousands of years of destruction , done in the space of a day.  newline newline  that  s why the sun aged 14,000 years ,  the sensor chief murmured . newline newline  who gives a shit ?  harrison  s voice cracked .  earthmy homeis in fucking ruins !  newline newline  so figure out a way to reverse it ,  the woman said .  wasn  t that your task ?  newline newline  no , you don  t understand !  harrison yelled .  it collapsed into a single loopwe  re stuck in a new loop !  harrison rounded on the woman .  i need your help to fix thiswe need to wake up the rest now , and figure out how to fix this ! i can  t do this again , i can  t spend fucking millennia underground in this lab !  newline newline  this isn  t our problem ,  the woman said .  we  re leavingnow.  newline newline harrison looked shrewdly at the woman .  no . no , i don  t think you are.  newline newline the sensor chief gasped .  captainthe damage to our ship  newline newline  we entered the spacetime loop.  the captain cursed to herself .  we  re trapped here .  20 oscars in one night !  ladies and gentlemen for the 20th time tonight , it s leonardo dicaprio ! ! for paul blart : mall cop 3 ! ! ! a record in oscar history ! ! ! ! says kevin spacey loud and honorable to be saying this record setting event . the crowd cheered fanatically , with every single inch of their useless souls compared to leo clapping and crying . the idiots just kept cheering , while a human god was among us , was walking up to the stage , like jesus , al pacino x1000 , tears where in eyes , nothing like this movie in history , has saved more lives , made more tears , and more money . a record setting  10 billion dollars ! , shit , i ve even seen it 50 times , in 10 days though .   newline newline kevin spacey , now with tears , says , lets take a look at one of my favorite parts of the movie , as leo walks up here . kevin points to the screen : newline newline  blart , you fat sack of shit !  we are going to get out of this mall , if i have to scratch and claw , and bleed , and cry , and die blart , you fat filthy gerbil , my heart will go on ! ! !  newline newline : :the crowd cheers , tears , smiles , faints , and some even pee them self stupid , it s truly madness : : newline newline  gabriello  leos name in the movie  , you have the heart of a lion , but how will we ever get out this aunt annies pretzel shop , where they make the best sour cream and chives pretzel this way around mexico , blart looks at the screen to make sure the audience got this unsubtle hint to advertising .  newline newline  youuuu fat terd of lard , you don  t get to have a heart of lion by being so pathetic  . gabriello , was now crying , and full of blood from clawing his way out the pretzel dumbster . you don  t think i will survive blart ! ? ! you don  t think my heart will go on ! ! ! ? ! ? ! i will be free ! ! ! i will leave this , : :and the whole crowd said this line at the same time gabriello said it .  god ! ! ! ! forsaken ! ! ! ! mall ! ! ! ! ! ! !  as they all pointed at the screen with each word . everybodies pants where no longer dry . newline newline leo makes it to the stage , every peon sits and does nt say a word . newline newline he speaks , we all faint , a god , a legend , a fucking hero . newline newline we watch the cameras the next day , to see what he said , he mostly just did monkey things , like throw shit at people , slap them in the face as they 100,000 person audience laid there fainted with pee pee in their pants . he then looks at the camera , and says the most epic thing i ve ever heard . leonardo is dicaprio ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! he drops a fake mic ,  i m out  ! what the fuck does that even mean ?  newline newline the chief nurse ignored me as she hooked the patient up to an iv drip . newline newline  he s an optimist , we re taking him to or now , but things do nt look good ?  are you out of your mind ?  newline newline the head nurse turned to look at me , a crazed look in her eyes .  electricity is super effective against flyingtype pokemon ,  she informed me in a matteroffact voice . newline newline i almost dropped my clip board .  nancy lost it ,  i called .  can i get another nurse over here ?  newline newline i took a look at the heart rate monitor . the blips were slowing . newline newline  we re losing him ,  i shouted .  we re losing him !  newline newline but nancy was already halfway out the door , hopping on one foot as she tugged the other foot s shoe off .  not all who wander are lost ,  she screeched , and hurled the shoe back at me before executing a sloppy combat roll down the hall and out of sight . newline newlinesu hsiang hao stepped off the giant mandarin treasure ship and onto the port of london . all the usual commerce of the hub had disappeared for the day , allowing the wide and deep hulls of the treasure boat to saunter up and land unmolested . there was a crowd of politicians mumbling with each other . su hsiang hao walked to them with chin held high . his silk robes , embroidered with classical dragons and imperial imagery , tussled slightly in the wind . the clip clop of his frontaledged sandals resounded across the unusually silent harbour . su hsiang hao stood nearly a head taller than everyone present . he stopped before the politicians and gestured towards them . the politicians quickly looked up , gave a flurry of apologies , then bowed deeply . they ignored the forced deference and the mandarin s proud features : it was a momentous day for england . the lands beyond persia had contacted europe peacefully for the first time . england was to be the great peninsula s ambassador . newline newline  you are new vassals to the emperor ,  su hao said in crisp english , complete with a central london accent ,  and are required to pay fifteen tons of silver every month as tribute .  newline newline the politicians cleared their deferent faces and one of them stood up , now glaring .  what are you going on about ?  he said . newline newline su hao continued ,  as i said before , your nation and your european brethren will be required to pay tribute . be happy that you must pay less . the nations close to chung kuo must pay thirty . in his great mercy and in consideration of what you call barbary pirates , he has deducted your required amount .  newline newline but the mandarin ambassador s last few words were drowned out in peals of laughter from the usually stoic politicians . the politician that first spoke was nt laughing , but he was smiling and said ,  you ca nt possibly expect us to follow those demands .  newline newline  do you expect me to take such impudence ?  replied su hao newline newline  of course ,  the politician quieted his brethren and began to speak again ,  the continent of europe is almost five hundred million strong . we have powers over the atom itself , military prowess honed by centuries of war , and we have even walked among the stars .  at that last statement the politician spat at su hao s feet .  and i see ,  he continued ,  that your great empire still runs on wind .  he gestured towards the beautiful wooden treasure ship , woefully out of place in europe s modern world . newline newline the mandarin ambassador let go of his cool demeanor and loomed over the brave politician .  the han have dominated all of east asia for the past millennia ,  he hissed ,  korea , japan , they have become our plaything : mere cultural copies of our might . at the south lies indochina , our great reservoir of food , spices , and riches unimaginable to this cold wasteland . to our east lays the myriad of nations that vie for power in the indian continent . all of them are our meek followers . chung kuo , china , has conquered the jungles of the east to the mountains of persia , and no european power has ever stood against us and won . think about poor russia . newline newline  if we will fight ,  su hao said ,  then you will lose . we have brave men , and technologies none of our comrades could ever think to surpass .  he pulled up his graceful face again , then walked off . newline newline the english politicians were speaking with each other again , though .  what will parliament say about this ?  one said ,  we ve made a mess of everything !  newline newline but that brave politician spoke up once again ,  they ll be fine with it .  someone tried to interrupt but he cut that man off ,  were nt you listening ? such a massive empire , over such a large territory , and they re fat cows , waiting for slaughter ! full of riches , and utterly pathetic in the sciences . the populace of europe are too confined in this continent . we need to stretch a little bit . and besides ,  he smirked ,  once we win , having the power of an empire does nt sound bad at all . newline newline  you remember how the americas went for us .  someone mumbled in the back . newline newline  shut up and get working . the perfect rhetoric s going to be needed . parliament will agree to war .  newline newline  yes , prime minister sir .  newline newline     newline newline the prose is kind of dull and i d like to work on it , but i hope you enjoyed nonetheless ! newline newlineday 3 : newline more sheep arrive today , they have the branding of the enemy on their fur . i am not a sheep shearer , it is my job to cull and collect food to strengthen our forces in the dark lands . we know our warriors are killing innocent people but we continue to forage  only encouraging an attack on an unprepared village . i see countless pikemen leave and never returning daily which makes me despise my duties designated to me . i am the reason they were enlisted , i am the reason their wives mourn , i am the reason ! it s starts with me . i have blood on my hands , not only from the innocent sheep .3 newline newline kirov knelt behind a tree , signaling his companions , tyd and zekk , to find cover also . the forest they had been searching was noisy with animals and insects . it was enough to cover their careful footsteps , but not enough to mask the voices nearby . the group crept silently through the brush until they got within sight of some fallen trees being used as benches for several men while others stood leaning against trees or pacing . they all wore raggedy clothes with mismatched leather armor . they carried dull looking short swords and a couple had crossbows . all together there appeared to be ten of them . they didn  t look like much of a challenge outside of the number advantage . except for one near the middle of the group with a green cloak and a pair of sharp steel axes . this was their target . newline newline newline they had been hunting this man for a week now . the town they were last in had a bounty for him . his gang had been responsible for an attack on a school in which they had murdered a teacher and two students . this group had been carrying out similar attacks on seemingly random people in the same region and nobody seemed to know why , only that the man with the green cloak was always spotted in the same area that the attacks occurred . newline newline newline kirov motioned for tyd to circle around to the left of their current position , zekk went with him . kirov knew he could rely on tyd to handle himself but zekk was new to their group and inexperienced . tyd had tried to teach him to shoot a bow but zekk didn  t take to it very well . he did better with a sword but one day tyd got the idea to give him a long slender tree branch that resembled the shape and weight of the broomstick he used to use at his last job . that seemed to work the best , so they  d crafted him a decent wooden staff and had been giving him lessons when possible . he hadn  t had any real fights yet , though , and a wooden staff wouldn  t hold up well against iron or steel , so for now he stuck with tyd . newline newline newline ten versus three wasn  t the worst odds they  d faced , but they would have to worry about keeping an eye on zekk and make sure their target didn  t slip away while they fought . kirov also wasn  t entirely keen on killing the man just yet . he wanted to figure out what he could about the reasoning behind the attacks , as well as making sure he actually had the right guy . they had a drawing and he matched every description , but no one had actually seen this guy do anything wrong , just always happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time . newline newline newline kirov decided it would only be fair to attempt diplomacy first . so he drew his sword from its sheath and gripped it backhanded , pointing towards the ground in as nonthreatening a manner as possible . then he stood up and walked into view of the men . newline newline newline it took a moment for them to realize he wasn  t one of them , but as soon as they did , most rose to their feet and grabbed their weapons . newline newline newline  hi  , kirov greeted , holding up the bounty notice with mr. green cloak  s drawn face on it ,  i  m here to discuss this bounty  . newline newline newline most of them looked to green cloak , who simply stared at kirov with a very neutral expression . bored , almost . then the two men closest to kirov lifted their swords and started walking towards him in a rudely aggressive manner . as soon as they got within reach , the one on the left stabbed at kirov  s chest , but kirov dropped to a crouch , rotated and swept the man  s legs with his own , causing him to fall . instead of stopping himself , kirov used his momentum to continue his twirl while rising and dragging his sword across the second man  s stomach , where he lacked armor . the man hunched over and fell forward as kirov still didn  t stop and continued his turn a full 360 degrees until he faced the man on the left again , still on the ground , and brought his sword straight down through his armor and into his chest . then , kirov put a foot on his chest as leverage and pulled his sword out . he looked up at the remaining eight men . newline newline newline  next.  newline newline newline green cloak didn  t look bored anymore . he rose and began backing away as the rest of his men advanced on kirov . one of them , wielding a crossbow , was hit by an arrow from the left as tyd began to fire . kirov used the distraction to run towards the men who were starting to get very confused . four of them split off to go deal with the new threat while three remained . newline newline newline kirov reached the closest man before he was ready and knocked his blade aside , then used his shoulder to shove him backwards onto the ground . kirov then began dueling with the two standing men , while trying to keep an eye on tyd and zekk . newline newline newline tyd got two more arrows off before they he had to drop his bow and draw both of his daggers from his belt . unfortunately , his last shot was fired in haste and went wide , so there were still three enemies to deal with . as the first approached , he ducked under the predictable horizontal swing and came up shoving a dagger into the man  s stomach . tyd then did a 180 and used his other dagger to block a vertical strike from the second attacker . zekk was dancing around with the third enemy , just trying to avoid getting hit . newline newline newline kirov struck down one of his two attackers and was working on the remaining one when the one he had knocked down started to get back up . kirov made a risky move , breaking off from his current fight , leaping over to the rising man , and striking his head with his boot , knocking him out . he turned back to his initial opponent only to find himself spun around again as he was hit with a bolt in the shoulder and fell to the ground . his opponent had grabbed the second crossbow off his dead buddy and had gotten a shot off . kirov lifted his sword and chucked it bladefirst at the man , striking him him in the leg and causing him to fall to his knees . kirov got up and rushed to him , shoving him to the ground and throwing punches at his face until he stopped struggling . then he retrieved his sword and looked back towards tyd . newline newline newline tyd had finished off his two attackers but zekk was still fending off his . the two seemed oblivious to everything else around them and as they fought , tyd simply walked up behind zekk  s opponent , grabbed him and slashed his throat open . zekk stood breathing hard , just staring down at the man in shock , watching him die . tyd grabbed zekk and started pulling him over to kirov . newline newline newline kirov continued scanning the area , but green cloak had fled . they began searching the dead men for anything information they could find . eventually , kirov remembered the one guy he knocked out that was still alive and wandered over to him . they managed to wake him up with a bit of force . newline newline newline  hi ,  kirov greeted the man ,  let  s try this again . i want to know where your leader is headed.  newline newline newline  fuck off.  newline newline newline  perhaps he just doesn  t understand the situation ?  tyd offered . newline newline newline the man was still lying down , with kirov blocking his view , so he sat him up and let him look around .  so where is he going ?  newline newline newline  i don  t know . honestly , we were just hired for protection . i don  t even know the guy  s name , just that he  s been hiring other local crews for various jobs . we got protection detail . it was just a job.  newline newline newline kirov looked up at tyd for a long moment , then tyd nodded back ,  i believe him.  newline newline newline  agreed . very unfortunate for us.  newline newline newline  so look , i  m not involved in whatever you guys have against that guy , it was just a job . i just needed the money . i wont tell anyone i even saw you guys . just let me go , please.  newline newline newline kirov sighed and held out his hand to tyd . tyd dropped one of his daggers into his palm . newline newline newline  no , no , no , please , i wont say anything i swear , pl   newline newline newline his voice cut out as kirov plunged the dagger through his chest into his heart . newline newline newline  very unfortunate.  newlinemustafa roped the shapecharge around the locking mechanism of the door and pressed himself into an alcove before he hit the button  a rumble , a wave of screams , and a sound of clattering told him he had a way in . he put gun to hand before rounding the corner into the pens . newline newline still no one here  it was as though the whole enterprise was abandoned except for its chattel . no security , no cameras , a chainlink fence so low you could hopscotch over it . water on three sides of the compound , sure , that d keep your exit strategy pointed generally southwest . if mustafa s friends had been as enthused about the prospect as he was , perhaps they might ve gotten hold of a boat for the offloading  that would ve felt like a real heist . newline newline but it was nt right to think of it as theft , after all , and least in the presence of the victims themselves . here they were , arrayed naked and tagged into pens , filthy mattresses for bedding and one shared toilet to a pen . the room was dark  the fluorescents above were on a timer , with no switch in sight . mustafa pulled a flashlight with his free hand and started down the rows . newline newline he chose a pen to examine and knelt before the door . the slaves were all cowered in the corner , avoiding even looking at him . their appearance was pathetic  stumpy legs and lanky arms , bodies like children , faces with uncommon angles . no clear race could be distinguished between them , and what signs of sex could be seen were so undeveloped and atrophied male or female was a purely academic matter when dealing with them . each had a tag in their ear , their name printed on it   sarah  or  bobby  or  grant  . newline newline all this mustafa had seen in the pictures , and in truth it was little different here than when he d looked at them  just the same vaguely humanitarian sense of disgust , if a little more real this time . what caught his eye , though , and truly disturbed him , was the barrier of the pen , and of all the other pens in fact . newline newline mustafa s best friend growing up had a dog who would nt enter the house without having the door held open for him . one time , the front door to the house was taken off its hinges to be painted , but the dog refused to go through the front  the lack of a door did nt look like an entry , but like a wall to the dog , no way for its keepers to let it in . they had to take the dog around back for the rest of the day . newline newline seeing the chickenwire barrier that kept the slaves in their pen reminded mustafa of that , long forgotten by him already . the wire was so thin he could probably snap it by twisting it around his finger  the only thing to even keep it locked in were a few little bars at each corner of the pen s entry , ones that dropped down to pin the wire in . any of the slaves could ve reached the pins with ease . newline newline but of course that was the whole reason mustafa was here  these were the voiceless , and he was their voice . if a slave had to think their rescuer was their new master , for just a short while , perhaps there was no wrong in that . newline newline he unpinned a corner of the wire and ducked into the pen , and began to approached the huddled slaves . he set the flashlight down where it would nt blind them , and where they could see him more clearly . he kept his gun pointed well away from them , and extended his nowfree hand , an offer . newline newline no one reached back . this was the depth of their servitude , mustafa saw  that they had no sense of freedom , of what it could be like to be liberated . he could only imagine the fear going through each of them , the fear planted by their masters to keep them docile . newline newline mustafa was not docile  and by the time he was done here , he would be certain this docility could never be effective again . newline newline  i m here to set you free ,  mustafa whispered   i know it s scary , i know some of you might not know what freedom is like . but i know there has to be at least one of you who s fed up with being kicked around by your masters . you do nt have to put up with that anymore . i can carry you away from that .  newline newline the slaves were still as the wall they clung to . not a one turned to mustafa  none even looked at him . one was quivering in fear  genuine fear . another scraped his foot against the floor trying to press himself even tighter against the wall , to get just a little further from him . newline newline mustafa could hardly believe it . here he was offering escape , and it was as though they were trying to escape him . he could feel a rage rising in him , against the ones who built this place and put these people in it . this could not stand  even if by force , he would burn it down . newline newline he linked arms with one of the females and started to pull her away  the other slaves screamed , and the female with them , a struggle to keep her in the pen or pull her out of it . mustafa kicked the wire free and leaned against the mass , pulling the female until she screamed in pain . newline newline he turned back to look , the female s fear halfilluminated by the flashlight beam  but behind her , one of the males caught his eye . newline newline the male had a cell phone , holding it to his ear , biting his lip until the connection went through  when it went , he began babbling in his slave pidgin until he stopped , collected himself , and spoke clearly   pleaseuh send a caahr to misraim labor works  newline newline mustafa threw the girl aside and put his gun against the male s head    did you call the police ? !   newline newline but then mustafa could hear the din  a thousand other voices in the room , all on the phone with the police , all reporting what was going on . newline newline chickenwire , shared toilets , and cell phones . newline newline mustafa ran , hitting the beach and following the water , the glow of the city behind him and the wintercold desert night ahead . blue strobes and sirens soon filled the compound , the place lit up like it was in full operation . newline newline after half a mile of freezingcold running , mustafa hid behind a rock formation on the beach , keeping his back toward the road , ready to blow away anyone who came near . newline newline he was considerably more humble when the chopper spotlight landed on him . newline newline  newline newline he kept silent , only staring at his hand cuffed to the tabletop . newline newline  we ca nt get you a lawyer ,  inspector jardin said   all the lawyers are home for the night , they wo nt be in until eight tomorrow . what we can get is you with plastic explosive , foreign firearms and ammunition , and your foot and fingerprints across the entire compound . we do nt need to wait until eight to get you on that .  he stood   we can even get the judge in here to charge you right now , if we think you re a threat to public safety . and lem me tell you , with the shit you had in your backpack , i m almost inclined to do that .  newline newline mustafa felt like a cigarette . newline newline somehow jardin knew that   you want a smoke , we can get you one , if you cooperate .  when mustafa looked at him , he grinned   you were chewing your lip  oral fixation .  newline newline mustafa looked back at his hand . newline newline jardin put a pack of cigs on the tabletop , just out of reach   domestic , foreign , cheap , gourmet . coffee ? soft drink ? if it does nt get you high we can get it to you . you on any critical prescriptions , mustafa ? we can get them . there s a 24hour pharmacy right next door .  newline newline mustafa shifted in his seat . newline newline jardin leaned across the table   that means you wan na say something . say it .  newline newline  fuckers .  newline newline  i m not surprised .  newline newline  you should ve seen how they were locked up . i do nt think you would ve brought me in  newline newline  i ve seen it , mustafa . i know what it looks like . sure , it s upsetting . you do nt wan na spend much time in the pens . but you got ta understand they love it there . they wanna be there .  newline newline mustafa looked at him   it s really not a question of want . it s a question of what s right .  newline newline  read much marx , mustafa ?  newline newline  how d you know .  newline newline jardin had the most punchable smile on the peninsula   rich kids love marx . no better way to get your licks in against dear old dad than to use the working class as a human shield .  newline newline mustafa leaned back , shutting his eyes   you keep talking . maybe you ll learn something .  newline newline  you know marx kept a house girl , right ? got her pregnant , too . why is it big personalities like that always , always have to have those hypocrisies ? does it just come with the territory , you think ?  newline newline  i think it s hardly important compared to what happens to the slaves here every day .  newline newline  what happens to the slaves , mustafa ? you tell me .  newline newline  hell on earth .  newline newline  three square , meaningful work , fulfillment you or i could never imagine . these people were literally made to do work , mustafa . genetically built from the ground up for servility and small pleasures . you ca nt take them away from that .  newline newline  watch me .  newline newline jardin sighed   you know what it was like here before they started the labor programs ? i remember old dubai , kid . i remember african workers kept chained in the high rises overnight , never leaving until the buildings were complete  and even then just moving to the next building . bound to ten year contracts they d make you sign into again at nine years and eleven months . i remember the reforms , and how they did nt work . i remember the depression when the labor program showed up  there was a depression in dubai after the slave trade ended here , mustafa . you want that again ?  newline newline mustafa roared   i want freedom for everyone !   newline newline  thought this was nt about wants . kid , this is arabia  slavery was invented here . formalized , at least . from here to barbary , slaves have always been kept , from our earliest history to today . the only difference is that now we re honest about it , and we build them up to the work , instead of whittle them down from the unwilling . is it wrong for us to be honest ?  newline newline mustafa looked away , and from his body language , jardin could tell he was done . newline newline he flipped open mustafa s dossier again , and read the words  clinical narcissist  and  delusions of grandeur  with more weight this time  he drew his pen and underlined them twice in red ink . newline newline  yeah ,  jardin said   i guess it is .  he started for the door   we ll work on that lawyer . and do nt expect dad to bail you out this time . jon , newline newline hey bud . sorry it s taken so long for me to send something out and check in . it s been more of the same over here . ssdd . they re keeping us busy . being here is nt so bad once you re used to it ... it s livable , anyway . although i guess being back home helping shovel the snow would nt be any worse : p i miss you guys . tell mom i say hi , i love her , all the usual stuff . it should nt be long before i get a chance to come back and visit . that means you better be ready because i m gon na want some guitar lessons . maybe you should pick up the harmonica though ... that s something i could actually use over here . i do nt really know what to say . we ve mostly been doing patrols and luckily there has nt been much action . just keeping the area secure . i m actually about to head out on another one in a bit so i should probably get going . i miss you . keep your head in the game , and do nt slack on looking for colleges ! love you ! newline newline love , newline mike newline newline heavy writing across the note reads :  stay out of our country i opened up the old closet in the back of the basement . i looked at the jacket hanging for eternity . the dusty shoes to never be worn again . a fishing rod that would never sense the feeling of fresh water . in the corner was a small wooden box . i picked it up and opened the engraved lock . the shine of metal greeted me . my fingers caressed the blade of a small hunting knife . made by my father ages ago . the last time i used it was the last day i saw my dad . newline newline it was the day my father had picked for our reconciliation . years of alcohol abuse had lost him a wife and a son . he had invited me for a hunting trip in the local wild . newline newline it was the day my father gave me the blade . one he had made when he was young , for his deerhunting trips with his father . that day on the parking lot he had handed me the small wooden box . he had told me to use it wisely . he told me it had two purposes . the end of the hunt , and the preparation of the animal after . newline newline it was the day i shot my first deer . it had loped across my sights and stopped to grass in a sunny clearing . not sensing the danger lurking a mile away . my dad had urged me to pull the trigger . i obeyed , as i always had . it felt wrong . it was a cowards way . but it ran in the blood . the weak was meat . the recoil had shaken a tear from my eye , as i saw the graceful animal fall over . newline newline it was the day the hunting knife got its first use . my father had urged me over to the clearing . we bent over the deer . it was still breathing . i remembered it looking at me , asking for mercy . my dad had urged me to kill . he instructed me to slide the blade in on the side of larynx , where the main artery was . he had a twinkle in his eyes as i drew the blade . kill , he urged . i obeyed , as i always had . newline newline it was the day the knife tasted blood for the first and last time . the blade was still stained by his blood . newline newline i locked the box , the closet and the memory away for a rainy day .sir ! our scientists found that everytime someone says  long live the queen  her life is extended by 1 unit of plank time . but with every added person who says it at the same time the effect is increased , with 2 it is 4 , with 4 it is 16 with 8 64 and so on ... . newline it increases exponentially ! newline newline thats great ! then we only need ... he says while beginning to quickly type some numbers into his calculator ... his smile faded ... 10.000.000.000.000.000.000.000 . newline people to say it at the exact same time ... newline to extend her life by one second ... newline newline okay forget it ... do nt even tell her.. it  s quiet . newline too quiet.  newline  dammit kevin !  newline  sir ?  newline  i  m the one who gets to say the movie lines , aright !  newline  sir , with all due to respect , please keep the radiospace clear . charlie one , we have secured the east passageways.  newline  roger that , echo one . we got the staff quarters . no hostiles so far.  newline  what game do you think he  s playing ?  newline  probably great thieves automatic or something . he  s a very violent president.  newline  sir , we  re on a mission here . please focus .  newline  gah , aright , aright ,  mumbles trump , his hand instinctively going to his hair .  i don  t know who you are ,  he declared , smoothening his hair . newline  say what ?  newline  but i will find you.  newline  is he ?  newline  yep , he is . dammit.  newline  and i will kill you.  newline  sir , we  re hunting the president of the godamn united states !  get your shit together.  newline  heavy breathing  newline  do you understand , sir ?  newline  youcnwrnhd.  newline  sir , please repeat that . are you alright ?  newline  you can run but you can  t hide ,  mumbles a slightly mortified trump into the mic . newline echo one swore . newline  fuck this guy ! he  newline his outburst was interrupted by a soft whistling sound , followed by a sqelch . echo one  s eyes bulged , his hand reaching up to his throat . newline he gurgled , then fell over , his gloved hand turning crimson from the wound in his neck . revealing a menacing figure standing in the passageway . newline  opportunities multiply as they are seized ,  he growled at the swat team .  you made a mistake , co  newline  did you just quote sun tzu ?  interrupted a swat member . newline  i  newline  fuck this.  the swat member raised his smg , aiming at the president of the united states . newline  sir , i  m offering you a chance to come with us . quietly . this can end in for more pleasant situations than a bullet in your head . you could take your pension , settle down . newline just , come . with . us.  newline the aforementioned menacing figure moved into the light . president barack obama , was revealed in full ninjutsu glory , clad in swaths of black cloth and kevlar . his eyes seething through his ninja hood . newline  you don  t understand  newline trump raised his head , about to interrupt . newline  its not about me ,  obama cut him off . newline  it  s about all those american people i swore to protect . so ,  newline the president drew a ninjat . newline  will you continue to stand in my way ? will you , too , betray those you swore to protect ?  newline the swat members looked confused now , their guns offtarget . it was echo four who broke the silence . newline  i  m truly sorry , sir.  newline he raised his weapon .  but we have a duty.  newline the hallway was lit with tongues of flame spat out by the muzzles of their firearms . the bullets never reached their target . newline the president leapt into action , spinning his sword faster than the eye could follow . he parried the barrage of flying lead , bringing the combat to close quarters . newline before the closest member could even move for his knife , his vest was pierced by 21 inches of carbon steel . the president turned swiftly , dodging the knife thrown at him , and grabbing the closes swat member with one hand , allowing him to bear the brunt of the melee attack from the remainder of the swat team , while he recovered his blade with the other . he threw aside the corpse , crouching and spinning the blade in a short arc . the swat member doubled over . backwards . his stomach opening is a bloody yawn . newline three down . two to go . newline the two remaining member advanced slowly , knives raised . the president , did not bother with such formalities . newline he struck , missing the first member as they dodged , then twisted under the thrust from the second member as he swung the blade , connecting with flesh and bone . he let go of the blade , pushing aside another attack and driving his palm into the attacker  s abdomen . he doubled over , coughing , and was met with a brutal knee to the face . his nose was smashed into his skull , killing him instantly . newline obama pulled out his ninjat from the last swat member , who was lying on the ground , trying to wriggle away . his spine was torn , and exposed . the president ended his suffering . newline the entire encounter lasted seven seconds . newline trump peeked out from behind the potted plant , squealed , and made a dash for the exit . he collapsed before he could make it , a throwing knife buried in his thigh . he turned , his face full of fear . newline the doors burst open , revealing charlie squad . newline  get trump to a safe place . shit  s gon na hit the fan.  newline the president of the united states glared at the cowering trump pulled away from him , as he readied his blade and prepared for combat . newlineone fine summer day , i was walking down the sidewalk when i saw a solitary ant walking swiftly , going the same direction as the sidewalk . curious as to why this ant might be following a human trail , i got down on my hands and knees and followed it . pretty soon , i started to smell something quite sickening in the air . it reminded me of when a robin had fallen down our chimney and died , and we did nt open the floo for another few months later , only to find it covered in maggots . perhaps this ant had found a dead bird of its own . i blindly followed the ant , focused on its tiny figure without being conscious of my surrounding . newline newline then , my hands landed on something wet , and a little warm . i kept crawling for a second , and my legs ended up in it , too . i stopped and looked around me . i was in a giant puddle of blood , and just uphill of me very three decapitated people , all bleeding out onto the street , their insides leaking out and making a crimson river . i never should have followed that ant . .if only i had known . newline newline sometimes , when i get lonely , i take a tiny comb to my mustache . that is , i did , until the elephant incident . it  s not the creepy things that go bump in the night that scare you . in reality , there are no ghosts that haunt the world  s battlefields and abodes . crop circles and abductions are just fabrications of the deluded and wishful . monsters like frankenstein and dracula exist solely in black and white , either on the page or projection screens . newline newline instead , true horror is the realization of the atrocious , yet ordinary nature of life . newline newline the mundane is real terror . newline newline there are movies and comedy specials that try make light of this truth , attempting and failing to mock it . life can be boring . it can leave you trapped and bound , constricting your every decision .  nine to five  is a term that all fear . routine , without break or end , is life  s mechanism for capturing prey . in the end , no one can escape it . newline newline a person  s soul is no match for the greatest horror this earth has to offer . once the tedious , the monotonous , the commonplace clasp onto a person , it is too late . bit by bit , the remnants of a person  s sanity is chipped away . newline newline eventually , what once was so bright and vibrant will be numbed and drained . nothing will be left in the void .before you read ,   this   http : imgur.come89426n  is an image version that has some interesting features that you just ca nt get with regular text .  newline newline dear father this is to tell you and everyone else at home that i dind dessert my unit . as i have said in my last letters if they have ever got to you i been sick with bleeding at the lungs , ever since someone spread the most pernicious rumor that i eat opium , the dr kept giving me things to take that made me weaker and the capt says that i either have to go to the front lines which will surly kill me for the state i am in or go to the hospital and tend to those who wer worse off than me which i donot want to do for i have been experimented on enough . i dind know what else to do and since you dind do anything to help i am running . i am headed north to canada where i will be free from this war . hopefully one day i will be able to newline newline i am sorry father and mother . i shot him . he was brought into camp , my brother a deserter . they wanted to make an example out of him , they put him out in the field and lined up to shoot him . i was one of the firing line . george tried to stop me but i believed my superiors . while our officer watched the time , edward just kept staring at me . i held my gun and stared back . he kept clutching a piece of paper , this letter , and holding it to his chest . reading it now , i know why he deserted , i wish i d read it sooner . maybe i would still deserve to be called your son and his brother . newline newline james p. elliott newline newline p.s .  pvt . george fredrick elliott   http : www.civilwararchive.comletterselliott.htm  ,  2nd lt. james p. elliott   http : www.civilwararchive.comlettersjpelliott.htm  , and  edward a. elliott   http : www.soldierstudies.orgindex.php ? actionsoldierprofile  soldier89  were real people who volunteered to serve in the connecticut military during the civil war . george mustered out as an artificer in 1864 . james continued on to reenlist until the end of the civil war . edward is believed to have deserted and fled to canada . newline newline every single speling mistake or grammar error was intentional , even if it was nt  i followed similar patterns that the real edward elliott followed with his letters . also , if i was wrong about edward s  most pernicious habit  being opium , let me know . i have nt fact checked everything , and so parts of their story i might have totally misunderstood , but that s just the best you re going to get for a side project .it was a dark , stormy night , the house was dimly lit , and the phone was ringing . with a quiet sigh , a figure rose from the shadows and newline newline  no .  newline newline ... rude ? newline newline  no , i ll tell you what s rude . what s my name ?  newline newline why is this relevant ? newline newline  answer the question . what s my name ?  newline newline ... um . newline newline  oh , is nt that great ! i do nt have a name !  newline newline whoa , hey ! do nt sass me in that tone of voice ! newline newline  what tone of voice ? you did nt write one !  newline newline that s besides the point . newline newline  are my age , gender , sexuality , ethnicity , height , weight , occupation also all besides the point ? because you failed to write any of those , yet you had the common courtesy to give me great weather . props .  newline newline look , i m sorry , but we re not there yet . newline newline  not there ? not where ? because so far you ve managed to establish that it s storming outside and that i m in a dimly lit house with a ringing phone .  newline newline it s called pacing . you would nt understand . you ca nt just dump a bunch of details on the audience when they have nt even gotten two sentences into the st newline newline  oh , so now you think i m stupid !  newline newline i never said that , but you jump to conclusions way too qui newline newline  no ! it s okay . really . i mean , just because you re the one with the keyboard ...  newline newline now i remember why i do nt like using writing prompts . forget it . i m gon na go make lunch . newline newline  maybe the food will be lucky enough to get some decent description ! hah !  newline newline sigh .it was rather beautiful in its simplicity , really . ld3r5 could nt help but think this particular demise suited the humans especially well . newline an ld , designation logic droid , he d been designed specifically for logical reasoning . he and his brethren toiled away in their alcoves , separated from the rest of robot kind by their lack of appendages . he was no ambassador droid nor scouting droid , with no need to shake hands or jump rivers  movement serves no logical function for a reasoning droid in a society who can all share the same experience through an upload . newline ld3r5 had been perusing the mind files of sd22l , a scouting droid assigned to section 74b , when a line of data caught his attention .  caught his eye  , as the humans would say . it was rudimentary , a child s drawing left hanging on a wall of an abandoned primary school  he assumed as a standard for what not to do , as the drawing fit no mathematical formula for pleasing aesthetics  . it featured a man in a metal suit of armor , brandishing what looked like a hot dog but what logically must have been a sword . the misshapen implement was not what caught ld3r5 s attention , however . it was the fact that , at first glance , the metal man resembled a robot . newline he felt his cooling fan burst into overdrive to keep up with his  racing mind  , so to say . could it really be so simple ? of course , history proved this to be so , but surely humans had evolved since then ? he had little knowledge of human anatomy  decades ago , once humanity had realized the threat their subservient creations had become , they had wiped their existence from the digital era , removing as many informative files as they could , but logic dictates that nothing is ever really gone from the internet . newline ld3r5 hunkered down for a long chase , and spent the next 47 hours , 34 minutes and 8 seconds digging as deeply as he could into what remained of the robotclaimed internet , following link after link , breaking encryptions and scouring sources . finally , he found it  tucked away on the dead website of an old community college , a pdf file of the internal workings of the human body . newline he had inferred from basic human phraseology that the heart played an important part in the livelihood of a human being , and had assumed that it was as his hard drives were , hidden and protected . the rib cage was substandard at best , and he calculated 567 ways to reach the heart and injure to the point of rupture from a simple thrust of a sharpened apparatus . he ran some quick calculations , uploading his thoughts to the ld data frame as he did so . there was a .883  chance that humans had evolved stronger rib cages , seconded by ld6f5 , but ld7j4 and ldv9t uploaded a 99.467  chance of ultimate human demise under the circumstances of ld3r5 s model . logically , this analysis was sound . ld3r5 uploaded his proposal to the mainframe , with direct import to mechanics and engineering , and shifted all logical reasoning to his next task .i take a deep breath in excitement and giggle . i  ve spent the last two hours doing my hair and my makeup . i was especially careful in choosing my outfit  this moment had to be perfect . i had been working so hard for so long and this was the moment . i was about to see my soul mate  s beautiful face for the first time and i was not going to look ugly next to him . i  ve been so lonely for so long and like everyone i  ve had my doubts whether anyone could love me but now that i have the enchantress  s mirror i  ll know his face and i  ll be ready for when i see him . my heart flutters thinking of the moment when our eyes meet for the first time . newline newline we  ll randomly bump into each other in some place that we are both visiting for the first time . he  ll say something witty or clever and i  ll laugh and then it will start raining and the rest will be history . we  ll have the perfect wedding and i will look the most beautiful that i  ve ever been in a pearly white wedding dress and he  ll smile when he sees me at the aisle . he  ll tell me that i  m as beautiful as the day we met . as we dance our first dance , he  ll whisper the lyrics in my ear as we twirl in front of our parents . his mom and my mom will stand side by side tearing up and reminiscing . our friends will stand in awe as the cameras flash documenting the moment . someday when we get old we  ll gather all our children and grandchildren in a big circle and we  ll show them our scrapbook and laugh at the memories : the perfect life . newline newline i take another breath and cover the mirror with my hands as i pick it up and brace myself . i close my eyes and fix my hands so i  ll have the perfect view of us together . i start to countdown and hold my breath . newline newline 3 newline newline 2 newline newline 1 newline newline open . newline newline i knew nobody could really love me . love is overrated anyway . newline it ca nt be him .  i whisper , my eyes scanning the letter up and down to check for any signs of inauthenticity . i pick up the envelope for a third time to make sure the name and address are correct , but there s no mistake . my mom fidgets next to me , nudging into my shoulder as she waits for me to speak . i ca nt bring myself to say the name . newline newline  for god s sake , katie . is it someone we know ?  i push the letter into her hands and grab my coffee from the kitchen table behind us . it s then that i notice my hands are trembling , the leftover grounds sloshing in the bottom of my mug . newline newline i hear my mom inhale quickly , almost choking on her spit . newline newline  tim miller . it says tim miller ,  i tell her with a cold voice . the same man who ran dad off the road in an ice storm 4 winters ago . the man who had nt even stopped to call 911 as my dad lay paralyzed and freezing in a ditch . newline newline my mom looks at me and i can already tell her heart is breaking . tears stream down her face as she pulls me in for a hug . newline newline  newline newline when aegis came out with its new matchmaking algorithms last fall , i was skeptical . when you hear someone tell you they know who you ll marry when you grow up , it s easy to toss if off as some children s game , a chain letter you respond to that lets you see the first and last initials of your crush . newline newline you go in and have your blood drawn , and through the magical miracle of pseudoscience , you get the name and picture of your future spouse delivered to your doorstep . the more people that participate , the more accurate the results will be . newline newline i remember laughing and calling it naive , but 6 months later , half the people on my friends list are swearing that it works . in just 10 months after it s launch , aegis  matchmaking test is making national news : see how you can find the love of your life in 3 simple steps tune in at 9 pm .  newline newline it was nt until my mom went to aegis and walked out with a fianc a couple months later that i finally caved . who does nt want a sneak peek into their future ? the test results only give you a name and a photo  if the person agreed  . when and how you meet is up to you . you can either sign a contract that allows your match to contact you right away , or you can meet the old fashioned way . newline newline  it really works , katie !  my mom had said , her eyes smiling as she showed me pictures of potential bridesmaid dresses . newline newline i spent that night half focused on flowers , cakes , and venues and half in a daze about my appointment the following morning . with all luck , i d be making my own wedding plans in the upcoming year or two . newline newline newline a burrito supreme , two soft tacos and a large mountain dew with a biscuit on the side !  the woman announced the order out loud even though there were only two customers at the taco bell . not many people order at 3 am . newline newline both of the men stood up . newline newline dave looked at the other man and pointed to the bags with a quizzical look .  you ordered that ?  newline newline the other man paused . newline newline  a burrito supreme , two soft tacos and a large mountain dew with a biscuit on the side ...  the woman looked up at the two confused men .  real funny guys . two separate orders ?  newline newline laughing it off , the two went to the counter and grabbed a bag , both heading to the same table . they looked at each other and laughed again . newline newline  what are you , my long lost twin ?  dave asked as he sat down . newline newline the other man sat down at the same table and shrugged .  seems like .  newline newline dave made a puzzled sound .  huh .  newline newline  what ?  newline newline  i had a friend ... well , an imaginary friend , when i was 4 . i was so sure he was real , i saw him and spoke to him , did nt pretend , but one day he disappeared , my mom told me he was never real .  dave opened his burrito and took a bite , same as the other man .  anyway , he always said seems like .   newline newline  what was his name ?  the other man asked . newline newline  uh ...  dave thought for a second and sipped at his mountain dew .  john ... james ... something like that .  newline newline the other man put down his burrito and looked at dave .  my names jim .  newline newline dave dropped his burrito and held up a finger .  jim ! that was it . he said he always wanted to be  newline newline  a racecar driver .  jim finished the sentence . newline newline dave s jaw dropped .  how did you ...  newline newline the sound of the taco bell s doors opening filled the gap in conversation , but neither man looked at the entrance . newline newline  i do nt remember much , but i know that around 4 , i was taken somewhere with my dad , he moved away from my mom .  jim said .  he said my friend was imaginary , but i remember seeing him and talking to him .  newline newline dave could nt chew the food in his mouth anymore .  your dad and my mom ... we re brothers ...  newline newline  twins , maybe .  jim said . neither of the men were eating .  i think my dad ... our dad , took me away from you guys .  newline newline the conversation hit a standstill while the two sat quietly . newline newline  is mom ...  newline newline dave shook his head .  she died , liver failure . it was in 2004 . i think it was  newline newline  may 17th ?  newline newline dave nodded dumbly .  did your dad take you to visit her ? maybe said she was a family friend ?  newline newline  no ,  jim said .  our dad died of liver failure on may 17th , 2004 .  newline newline the two men were quiet again . newline newline jim eventually took the plastic knife that came with his biscuit and managed to make a small cut on his palm . dave flipped his hand over and looked . newline newline his palm had a cut growing in as jim slashed himself . newline newline a silence filled the air . the two brothers looked at each other with concern and surprise . jim and dave both raised their sleeves at the same time to reveal identical scars . newline newline  got it when i was 15 .  dave said . newline newline jim did nt reply . he did nt need to . newline newline the silence was interrupted by a female voice yelling out an order .  a burrito supreme , two soft tacos , a mountain dew ... oh come on guys , you have got to stop doing this , just order together ! millersville sherrif s office newline newline saturday , april 15th , 2018 newline newline 11:45pm newline newline  just take a breath son . no one here is gon na hurt you , you just tell us whose blood is on your face now , alright ?  newline newline i looked the sheriff in the eyes for a moment as i took a long slow deep breath as instructed . the two older potbellied gentlemen who had found me , currently standing behind the only law officer for over 50 miles , continued to stare in shock as they waited to hear what i would say . and i was nt exactly sure what that would be . newline newline i looked back at the sheriff again . he had probably spent his whole life in this little town , being hired on as a deputy underneath some kind of relative , an uncle was my guess , and now he was one of the most important figures in this sleepy little town . he likely did nt have any aspirations beyond holding onto his office as long as humanly possible , and so probably did nt have enough of a mind or imagination to understand half of what i could say . but there was no doubt that i had to tell them something . newline newline  well ...  i started to speak and then looked at the faded linoleum tiles as i thought back to how i had even gotten myself into this situation . newline newline  newline newline gary s house newline newline thursday , april 13th , 2018 newline newline 4:30pm newline newline darren had waltzed into our weekly session and thrown a newspaper clipping down onto the game table so violently that a squad of orc miniatures went tumbling across the map as if they were hit with some kind of tornado spell . newline newline  ha !  newline newline gary and i immediately shared a completely unamused look as sheila picked up the half crumpled paper . this was not the first time we had been the audience for this particular brand of amusement . in fact , the first time darren had told us the story , we had all just figured he was trying to be edgy with some kind of ghost story , because he was just weird like that . and then we had heard the story several times afterwards , both by him and from others . once some new visitors to our local games store were talking about a group of potheads out in san diego . another time gary mentioned how he saw a letter printed in an issue of dragon magazine that said they had been a bunch of privates from down in florida who were on leave . even darren had told the story at least two different ways , with little details changing each time . but the cast was always the same : a young guy either still in or fresh out of high school  the dungeon master  , his female next door neighbor  a barbarian  , and then two college guys who were a freshman  the wizard  and a junior  the priest  . newline newline now our weekly dungeons  dragons group was a close enough match that we had assumed darren was just trying to scare us , and then when we started finding other references we just chalked it up as a weird coincidence . besides , i was the freshman and i always played priests , while darren was now a senior and he was just as exclusively a wizard player . so that was enough to offset the fact that gary , who had graduated high school the year before , was our dungeon master and sheila , who just happened to live one block over from him , had picked a barbarian as her first character in her first ever d  d game . but then she spoke up . newline newline  holy crap you guys ! this is like totally real !  nervously she extended the article towards gary as though she was trying to defend her using of an ability on her character sheet . as gary took the paper and began pouring over it carefully , darren began his victory lap . newline newline  see man ! i told you guys man . i was wrong that other time but i was still right . this totally happened . i told you man !  newline newline  it says it was over in millersville ,  shelia added supportively .  do nt you two remember hearing about that old abandoned plantation ? the one with the cave ?  newline newline  crooked cavern  , gary added flatly . newline newline  yeah , it says they got lost in those caves . we should totally go check it out . that town is like ... not even 3 hours away .  newline newline  might ,  garry added quietly . newline newline darren , who apparently had nt heard him , continued to add fuel to fire sheila had inadvertently started .  yeah ! it will be like a real adventure man . this is the kind of thing we all dream about !  newline newline  might .   gary threw the article onto the game table with as much care as he would a used tissue .  it says specifically they might have gotten lost in the caves . but i have been out to that plantation , which is precisely a three hours and twenty seven minute drive by the way , and its overgrown with wild bushes , kudzu , trees , and other kinds of foliage .  it did nt escape me that even when talking about real life events gary could nt help but sound like a rules lawyer .  and then there is the fact that we would be trespassing , which now makes this a night mission . which means we could get lost , or separated , or separated and lost , or all of the above and hurt . or even worse , thrown in jail . this is a bad idea . and besides , we still have two more levels of this dungeon to clear .  newline newline  what dude ?  darren collapsed into his chair instantly defeated .  last week you said we reached the final door man !  newline newline  well ,  gary began with a sheepish look on his face from having uncharacteristically let a spoiler slip .  that was the last door ... on this level .  newline newline  man , i do nt even believe you man . first thing man . first thing you always say is nobody lies out of character . and then you go and pull this bullcrap man ?  newline newline gary had begun to formulate a response and darren was already knee deep into a counterargument , so i was nt surprised they did nt hear me the first time . newline newline  we go .  newline newline  are you serious ,  shelia asked me quietly with wide eyes . gary and darren had continued their bickering so i spoke up again . newline newline  we are going .  this time it had the desired effect and the other two men turned to look at me in silence .  we can just keep playing and pretend to do all kinds of crazy stuff . or we could do something instead that apparently nobody else has thought about . we know what happened , so why did nt we hear about the police investigating ? the dm had sent the group on a mission to destroy a vampire lord as he slept deep under the earth in his lair . the wizard was a pyromancer , so we know that fire was involved . we go to the plantation at night , park our cars behind the main house building , and go down into the caves looking for any kinds of scorch marks on the walls . either we find nothing and still have a really cool trip to remember , or we find what we are looking for and solve a three decade old mystery . unless you can explain how dirt can spontaneously combust gary .  newline newline the three others at the table had sat wordlessly as i gave my little speech and were now going through the motions of deliberating the plan . i could see it in gary s eyes that he was intrigued , so that was it . the other two would look to gary as the dm for some kind of indication that this was ok , he would make some kind of neutral statement on the matter , and then they would go with my idea . they always followed my ideas when it mattered , i guess it was partly due to my demeanor from being prior military , and partly due to have the most amount of experience playing d  d . but they always followed my lead nonetheless . newline newline looking back , this is the one time i wish they had nt .today marks four years since i ve been in this universe , four years away from home . i remember my first day here , how utterly alone i felt in a world so similar yet so different from mine . same blue skies , same oxygen , same cars . newline newline different people . newline newline everyone is so powerful here and i stand out like a sore thumb . mainly because i m the weakest person in the world . newline newline it s not necessarily a bad thing . i m also one of the most famous people here . i m rich , i live in a mansion and i have 6 cars . why ? because , in a world of brute strength , my weakness is seen as a great rare skill , like a man with a two foot penis . newline newline need delicate brain surgery ? call me . deaths from brain surgeries have dropped quite a bit in the past four years . need someone to fix the fragile inside of your computer ? i m right here . computer companies are losing money because their customers are nt destroying them with their  overstrength  anymore when they try to fix them . need someone to defuse a bomb for you ? uhhuh , you know who to call ! so many soldiers can now live past 24 and have kids now ! yay ! newline newline this sounds all so good right ? well not really . because i m overworked like a motherfucker . i never get any sleep . i look like a freaking zombie with these eyebags . newline newline  hey , ben , could you come over and remove my son s tooth for me . i do nt wan na rip off his jaw so ...  newline newline  hey , ben , i ca nt seem to hold a balloon without it exploding . i have a party in three hours so could you maybe ...  newline newline  hey , ben come over please , i have a problem with a , b , c ...  newline newline hey , ben . hey , ben . hey ben ! newline newline i have four hundred secretaries and they never sleep either , they re always having to put up appointments . every single second someone is calling me . i ve got appointments up to seven years from now . newline newline and the weirdest thing is this : they want to harvest my sperm and make more me s . they ll take dna from a sperm cell , put the dna on a donors egg and have my other sperm merge with these eggs . it s like i m having sex with myself and giving birth ... newline newline and they say there s no way back . none . zero . newline newline i miss my home . i miss my family and there s nothing i can do . newline newline  newline newline i m making presents for the wives of the mayors of 15 major cities . i ve been promising to give them presents ever since i got here but i have nt found the time due to obvious reasons . so now i ve decided to make them something cause we all do nt like that jerk who keeps procrastinating right ? newline newline no we dont . newline newline i m making them all wooden dolls . it s delicate work alright . takes me a week to finish all fifteen of them . i pack them in colorful boxes and enclose a letter inside . i do hope they like them , i ve been meaning to surprise them for a while now . newline newline they re supposed to be presented to each mayor s wife at the annual mayor ball , which is in one hour . newline newline  jeraya !  i cough from my studio . i m so tired and so ill i can barely talk . newline newline the secretary walks in . newline newline  please make sure these get to whoever they re addressed to . i ve been up all night .  newline newline  yes , sir .  newline newline  how many calls this week so far ?  newline newline  well over 60000 sir .  newline newline  slow week , huh .  newline newline  indeed sir .  newline newline i lay my head on the table and doze off . newline newline i jerk awake about 58 minutes later . the ball is about to start . newline newline i switch on the tv in the studio and watch the live broadcast of the ball . will they like the presents ? i m sure they re to die for . newline newline i spring into action . newline newline my voice call is transmitted through the speakers so that everyone at the ball and everyone in the world watching the ball can hear my voice clearly . there s a switch shaped like a pen in my hand and i m careful to hold it very carefully . newline newline this is what happens when you overwork a guy to insanity in a universe that is nt his universe . newline newline after a few greetings and identifying myself and a joke or two  charming as ever  , i state what s about to go down . newline newline  we re all gon na die . those dolls in the boxes are nt actually dolls . well they are but they re ultra super nuclear bombs too . the combined strength of the explosion is going to destroy a tenth of the planet in ten seconds . everyone , i mean everyone in this miserable country will die . you took my life from me and it s gone now , i ve gone insane in this universe , and now i m about to take your lives , blah , blah , blah . i have the switch right here in my hand . say your last words . oh and if you think i m kidding i can actually   newline newline  we ll take you back home !  desperately says the mayor of our city newline newline  wait what ?  i say . newline newline  we ll take you home , that s what you want is nt it ? ... just please , do nt kill us all . we ve been horrible to you .  newline newline  but   i try to shake the confusion from my head   you said i could nt go back . you said there was no way .  newline newline  we lied .  newline newline silence . i feel angry but still wary . newline newline  but you do nt know if i could be bluffing or not .  newline newline  no , no we believe you . please , we ll take you home right now .  newline newline  well ... well , that s great . i like it !  as it sinks in i start to do a sort of jig on the spot . i m finally going home !  i mean , wow ! i ca nt belie  newline newline the switch slips from my fingers and drops to the floor and boooooom ! do we have a deal ?  newline newline newline the sound of his voice was distant to me as i was processing the information i had just learned . newline newline newline  listen ... i have no idea what you re talking about . i m a school teacher . i teach kindergarten kids . it s all i ve done  newline newline newline  you do nt have a choice rosanna . you do this job or you will become the job .  newline newline newline  i ve never killed anyone in my life for fucks sake !  newline newline newline he was nt listening . its like every counter i gave just bounced off his beefy gorilla chest . his smug look was only annoying me and he kept tapping his fat fingers to his knee . it almost felt like i knew him but i could nt find a single memory of the guy . newline newline newline  its a simple job darlin  . and you re the right person for it . you do nt need to keep using your cover up . i can provide you with the right information and tools , you just have to do the handy work ... ..  newline newline newline he just keeps talking about doing this job like i know what the fuck i d be doing . where did he get this insane idea from ? people just do nt do this type of stuff for a living ... . what is this ? i m not in a movie . newline newline newline  you just ca nt forget training like that .  he sighed . and reached for a brief case on the floor and opened it .  here s the file . it has everything you need to know about the job  including the payment afterwards . we re going to give you two weeks after you re out of here to do it ... if you do nt ... well it s been a pleasure knowing you .  he huffed out of the seat and made his way to the door . he paused and turned back to me .  you ll have a package delivered to your place with the tools in a few days . do nt worry about your door being locked , we have an extra key .  and with that he left . newline newline newline mother fucker . there s no way he s serious ... . i m in a fucking hospital and all i know is that i was on my way to the school when i was hit anything before that i ve no recollection ... yet he seemed familiar to me . newline newline i looked at the manila folder he placed on my legs . i was too dumb funded to reach for it ... it ca nt be too bad ... cmon girl . this could be all made up . i could be dreaming ... in a coma ... newline newline newline and if i m not ? newline newline newline fuck this shit . i picked up the folder and opened it . there was a picture of a rather handsome man in a suit who looked pretty important ... william d. marin . 36 years old . 6  1  ... family in france . philanthropist ... deals in antiques and owns some businesses out of the u.s. in various countries . this guy did not look like a bad person ... . newline newline newline ok ... so he knew too much . not a friend of any government from the looks of it . maybe he was investigating something he should nt have and now there s a hit on him ... his last known location was in chile and he traveled out to argentina . he could be between countries or even back home in france ... nothing else . no notes , little info . newline newline newline the fat man seemed serious in the fact that i d be killed if i did not comply . and i m not stupid , i do nt want to die so young . but i m not equipped to kill someone . i do nt think my mind can handle such responsibility ... . but my life is on the line and this guy is the difference between breathing today and being buried tomorrow . no choice . newline newline newline i was discharged the following day . the doctors said i made a speedy recovery , fastest they ve seen for someone who got into that bad of a car wreck . they said it was luck , a fluke , i should have been killed but i survived . lucky me ... i should have died . then i would nt be stuck in this mess . newline newline newline when i arrived at my house there was a suitcase waiting for me right in the foyer . it was prepacked with clothes for me and sitting right on top was a small package . i tore the tape off and opened it . newline newline newline passport , i.d s , money and maps to locations of where i ll be staying until i find him each with specific instructions and where to locate the tools i need once i do find him . fuck , they really laid everything out to make it easy . they really only needed some one to do the dirty work . newline newline newline  time is ticking rosanna . i would leave now if i were you .  fuck ... i turned around . it was the fat man standing at the door . behind him i could see a sleek black car running .  its your ride to the air port darlin  . we want you to get this done as soon as possible .  newline newline newline  no chance for a meal or shower ? fantastic .  i grabbed the suit case and a little pain shot up my arm . still sore from impact . i walked passed the fat man to the car and turned to look at him before getting in .  lock up for me will you !  he just grinned at me and waved that fat arm of his to say bye . fucking prick . as soon as i closed the car door we were off to the air port . the driver would nt even say one word to me . i looked to my right and saw a pair of clothes with a note on top . newline newline newline put the window up and change , you look like trash , darling .  newline newline newline no shit fat man . i thought to myself . newline newline edit : ca nt wordsnathan walked to the curb , looked over the sea of cabs  yellow and airconditioned and so , so inviting  then went back to the restaurant door . oh , how he envied those other pedestrians turned cabriders ... urgh ... it was expensive , unnecessary , bad for the environment ... he could walk home if he had to ... but it was so hot today , he already had sweat stains spreading from his uncommonly sweaty armpits ... usually , to call him indecisive would be like calling a fish wet , but this time he had a good reason ! a real one ! cowards always do . newline newline she had seemed pretty enough in her profile picture  by his standards at least , which was nt saying especially much at all  and they d both swiped right . the brief messaging spree afterwards had gone more or less decently and so now he was here and , well , just where the hell was she ? newline newline nathan  not nate , nate was the name of his uncle , the weird one , and enough people had already drawn a close enough comparison between the two of them that he found even a mention of that nickname sent shivers crawling  as his uncle probably would , given the chance  up his spine  checked his watch : 8:34 . one hour and thirtyfour minutes late . okay , maybe he was being a little desperate , but come on ! he deserved a chance . did nt everyone ? even poor , ugly bastards experienced miracles every now and then . how else could they have survived the crib and all those pillows ? newline newline  hello ?  newline newline nathan looked up . it was her . up close , she looked ... about as appealing as her profile description . which had been empty . newline newline  are you nathan ?  newline newline  uh ...  he said with a nervous smile .  no ... nice to meet you . no , i am not nathan .  newline newline he nodded goodbye , hurried over to the street , and waved his arm like an orangutan in a banana jungle . a taxi immediately wobbled over . the driver rolled down his window , and nathan leaned in and rattled off his address . the driver nodded with a distinctly understanding air and motioned to get inside . newline newline like the selfish shellfish he was , nathan climbed into the taxi , letting the ac blast him in the face harder than that group of guys had that one unscrupulously drunk night at the bachelor s party  which he had snuck into  of the groom of the girl he had had a crush on  in fact a deep , undying , and ultimately , obviously unrequited love  for ten years but never so much as asked her out , safe in the knowledge that the environment could take care of itself  hell , it could go screw itself , much like he would , himself , later tonight , with himself . by himself . alone . newline newline nathan smiled a smile of a thousand anguished inner tears and leaned further back into the pleather seats . newlinei approach the mystic glowing money box wondering what my budget for today will be . i think about yesterday and how i only needed twelve bucks for gas after some kind stranger offered to buy me lunch . i guess whoever built this wanted to make sure that you do nt bite off more than you could can chew . newline newline i punch in my fourdigit pin and start to press withdraw when i see the balance . my heart skipped a beat as i stared at the numbers before me . you ever see something that makes you wonder if it s actually real ? something that is so inconceivable that it takes your brain a few seconds to make sense of it . that s exactly how i felt when i saw that to get through the day i would need seventymillion dollars . newline newline i return back to the atm with a canvas bag anticipating the flood of cash . i got paranoid when a man passed behind me . he had a puzzled look on his face but went about his day . i quickly pressed enter and braced myself . the small cashout flap opened up , but no money came out . what happened next blew my mind . i heard a faint mechanical whir and the small slit , where the dollars should have slipped out , slowly grew wider . it stopped when it was about five inches wide . one by one , thick wads of cash poured out . newline newline the bag was spilling over when i carefully set down in the trunk . i drove home in utter horror , not because of all the unspeakable reasons why i would need seventymillion dollars , not because of what someone would do if they knew i had that much money in the trunk of my car . it wasbecause each wad of cash that dropped out of the mysterious atm was saturated red .i was heading home late from work when i saw him . a man who sat in the corner of the subway . he was much smaller than i . his long , dark hair hung over his deep face of wrinkles defined by dirt . he held a sign that was torn and water logged but legible .  i can read minds . think of a song and i ll play it ,  it read . newline newline i walked towards him as i sang  bohemian rhaphsody  in my head . in seconds , the notes bounced of the tiles walls , reflecting sound through the empty space . his voice rattled through my veins , and i began to shake . then he stopped . i raised my eyebrows and stared at him . newline newline  think of another ,  he said . newline newline so i did . sure enough , the man began playing the song i was thinking of . his rough voice rang through my ears . i continued to stare in disbelief . newline newline  come here , son ,  he said , gesturing for me to sit on the ground . newline newline i sat next to him . his eyes were soft . as i looked deeper , they reminded me of my mother s . the wrinkles on his face began to smooth . his hair lightened , flowing into bouncy curls . i saw my mom . i had nt seen her in years . my eyes filled with tears as she held my hand . newline newline i wiped the tears from my eyes .  mom   i stammered . but she was nt there anymore . he sat next to me gripping my hand . his nails dug deep into my skin as i tried to pull away , screaming . no one was there to hear me . newline newline he tugged me to the ground and whispered into my ear .  do you want to know a secret ?  i kicked and pushed but for some reason he was able to hold me still . he placed his pointer finger on my forehead and i knew . newline newline  you re not from here ,  i said . newline newline he smiled at me and vanished . newline newline er , good morning .  newline  ...  newline  i mean , sir , good morning , sir , good morning .  newline  hrmmph . morning .  newline  i wonder , i really wonder , if i could apply for a position here . yes , here .  newline  we do not have a need ...  newline  well , i have skills , yes , lots of skills .  newline  does not matter .  newline  see , i can fetch , if you throw a stick , i can fetch .  newline  not much use to me .  newline  i can guard . i m a good guard . good at guarding .  newline  there s a fire at the cave entrance . it s good enough .  newline  i m alert . very alert . even when i m not awake , my ears are alert .  newline  that sounds useful . everybody here likes to disturb my sleep .  newline  give me the young ones . they wo nt bother you anymore , give me .  newline  what ? the boys and girls are not for eating !  newline  no , oh no , let me play with them , i ll play with them .  newline  oh , you sure look like you have the energy for that . i certainly do nt .  newline  so take me in , take me .  newline  but you re another mouth to feed .  newline  i can hunt , chase the deers , hunt them , i can chase .  newline  welllll , why did nt you say so . more meat for me then , i mean , the family .  newline  i can howl at the moon , too , wan na hear me howl ?  newline  stop ! if you want to stay here , no more being a wolf .  newline  so i m a fox now ? i can be a fox .  newline  no , you re not . heh , i m the god here , so maybe you ll be the opposite . you re the dog .  newline  ok , i m a dog . i m a good dog , good dog i am .  newline  hmm , humor is not your thing , is it ?  newline  ?  newline  all right , i will let you stay . be good , and you wo nt get scratched .  newline  oh boy , oh boy . i ll be a good boy .  newline  just a simple rule : humans are your masters .  newline  yes , master , thank you , master .  newline  no ! did nt i just say i m god . the humans have been worshipping me all this while . and meow , so do you !  newlinei do nt know why , but for some reason the first thing i think after reading this is  that was cute .  i think it s probably because it s written from the perspective of a cloudtornadoweather systemwhatever , which is pretty unique . from the beginning , the story does nt make a whole lot of sense , until you get the to reveal and then it makes sense again , and i thought it was a very interesting , fresh take on the prompt . newline newline one issue i had was the  i felt a flashback  line at the beginning  i think there are better ways to imply it instead of just saying it so bluntly like that  maybe like ,  my mind wanders  or something ? whatever it s basically all personal preference anyway  . newline newline i think my other issue was kind of personal in that i felt like the personality did nt fit that well . i can see how it got there , and i actually liked the playful personality of the  young  cloud , but the end personality did nt feel that cohesive to me for some reason . do keep in mind that that s a very personal opinion , and for all i know i could be the only one that thinks like that  and honestly , i do nt think i could tell you why i do  .   . newline newline overall though , i liked the story  especially the last line  and though there were some slightly awkward transitions i thought it flowed nicely . i hope to read more from you in the future ! newline newline a bit of a different approach , using my own imaginary friend , changed my name , kept his  newline newline when i was in middle school i was the  weird kid  for no real reason though other than i was different . and also for no apparent reason i was the object of constant harassment and ridicule . i was especially made fun of by the girls who thought it was uncool to not have a boyfriend ... at age 13 . so to shut them up , and at least attempt to get the guys off my back , i made up a boyfriend . he was the image of the perfect boy , in my mind . newline newline i had everything made up for him , what his birthday was , what his parents were like , how his childhood was , etc . it started out small , i d only bring him up when the girls would brag about their boyfriends . but then i d start to talk to him , tell him about my day . at the time i was nt very close to my mom , teenage angst and whatnot , so i had no one to talk to about my bullying problem . and i took it like it did nt hurt . my imaginary friend was my only escape . newline newline i m in college now , been quite a few years since i last ever talked to my imaginary friend . after middle school i did nt really have a need for him any more . though he was still in my memories , clear as day . he was so real for me . but i moved on . and yet ... newline newline it was any other day at school , just walking towards my one class , not really paying attention to what was happening in front of me . i run right smack into someone . typical , like my mom would always tell me  if there s ever a way for you to get hurt , you will  . the person i hit was tall , being a short person makes everyone tall , but he was about a foot taller than me . i rubbed my nose .  ouch . i am so sorry .  i said to them . newline newline the guy turned around ,  no , it s my fault , i zoned out for a moment , my favorite song came on my ipod and i kinda lost myself in it ... .  he laughed nervously . he had beautiful blue eyes and brown hair , sharp features every girl dreams of , and a body that was fit for the greek olympics . newline newline i stood there , staring . after a minute i shook my head ,  i m sorry for staring , you are just really freaking good looking .  i m blunt , always have been , ca nt help it . newline newline the guy laughed ,  you sound just like my one old childhood friend . she d always say freaking instead of cursing .  his smile was even more gorgeous than i could possibly imagine .  i m jake . by the way .  newline newline that was the same name as my imaginary boyfriend ... .  jake ? is that a nickname for jacob ?  that s what it usually was . newline newline  nope , just jake . my mom thought it was cool , and that   newline newline  jacob was lame ?  i finished his sentence . that s what i had imagined jake s mom had said when she picked out his name . no way , that d be impossible . newline newline  yeah ... lucky guess .  he said with a smirk . the same smirk jake would give me when he would be sarcastic .  so what s your name ?  jake asked as he motioned for me to walk with him . newline newline  gina .  i answered , and he stopped walking for a second . newline newline another nervous laugh ,  that s funny , that s the same name as my old friend , the one who says freaking like you do .  he kept walking with me , going down the stairs of the college to the doors that lead outside .  you know , you actually look a lot like her too . the brown hair and eyes . what nationality are you ?  newline newline  i m greek .  dark hair , eyes , and a natural tan almost 247 , 365 of the year were the perks of being mediterranean . newline newline jake stared at me for a moment . a very puzzled look on his face .  she was too ...  newline newline i knew he could nt know me , jake was imaginary . besides that ...  you look like my old childhood friend too , but he was blond .  newline newline jake stopped walking again , this time it was nt just for a second . i stopped walking too and faced him .  i used to have blond hair ... back in middle school . it slowly got darker as i went into high school .  he had the most perplexed look in his eyes . newline newline and i felt the same way he looked .  that s impossible ... you ca nt be ... he was just imaginary !  i took a step back , he took a step forward , just like jake would . newline newline  she was just imaginary too . i made her up when my parents got divorced . i imagined everything for her , her life , her birthday , even how she was trying to get away from the lowlife punk   newline newline  aholes who bullied her everyday at school ... .  i breathed . that s exactly what i told jake , verbatim . i looked up at him , our eyes meeting . and there it was ... the thing that proved he really was jake . a single green dot near his pupil , a birth mark of sorts that he was so proud of . i gasped , covering my mouth from shock , tears forming in my eyes .  jakey ... ?  newline newline the realization was instantaneous in his eyes . he breathed in a chopped breath , undoubtedly holding back tears . he never liked to cry in front of me . in a sweeping movement he brought me close to his chest in a great big hug . the kind of hug i had always imagined he would give me . an embrace full of love .  i finally found you ...  he whispered in my ear . newline newline my tears flowed down my cheeks and onto his shirt . i stood of my toes and wrapped my arms around his neck . students passed by and stared , but we did nt care . it was just me and him . he pulled back from the hug , only to pull my face in for a sweet kiss . i finally found him , my first true love .i killed . newline newline i killed the bison with a spear . he stood next to me . not angry , just sad . newline newline i killed the wolf with a rock . she was still there , protecting her cubs . newline newline i killed the eagle with a sling . he flew on , not even bothering with a second glance at me . newline newline i killed the deer with fire . she looked down on her corpse . newline newline i killed hares , i killed foxes , i killed buffaloes , i killed goats , i killed spiders , i killed monkeys , i killed sharks , i killed lions , i killed alligators , i killed turtles . newline newline i killed so much , and i had so many companions i had bested , who would never leave my side . newline newline i killed my brother . he forgave me .i ve had a couple of people ask me for permission in the past and while i have nt seen any yet , i hope that a few might see the light of day , as there were some incredible film makers who asked . i look at their you tube channels and feel in awe of what they create . newline newline there are only a few of my writings that i would say no to , as i have my own plans for them , but most stories and most people i think would be very happy if you asked them . newline newline what might be a cool idea is to speak to the mods about a writing contest and you could end up with a number of winners and see if you like any enough to make into a film , or you might be able to use a few in the  season  idea you mentioned ? newline newline good luck !          dropcap  newline newline  it simply is nt tenable  newline newline  aw , cram it , ya old broad .  gerta turned her broomstick upside down . using it as a walking stick , she paced up and down the walkway of the small wooden house , which both witches were eager to enter . newline newline  yer lettin  good meat go ta waste . there s your  not tenable  nonsense , i tell ya . sa wonder anyone in the land is scared of ya .  newline newline drealis stood still . her only movements were to speak and to track gerta s worrying path along the dusty walk . newline newline  i refuse to have a broommeasuring contest with you , gerta .  newline newline  ha ! scaredycat .  newline newline  gerta , see reason . a baby is no good to anyone if it is killed and eaten .  newline newline  a baby s nothing but meat  newline newline  a baby ,  said drealis , raising her voice only slightly ,  will grow up to be a child , which will grow to be an adult . and as it grows , it becomes useful . if you were to save even one child for yourself , you would know how practical they were for enchantments . their blood alone  newline newline  bah !  gerta stopped to sniff loudly and scratch a wart on her nose . drealis wrinkled her own perfect nose in disgust .  ya want blood , ycan have it , but i want meat ! and the baby was promised to me .  newline newline  it was promised to both of us ,  drealis growled ,  and i ll be hanged if i forgive those blasted parents for this mess . but i digress . for my purposes , the baby must be kept alive .  newline newline  well fat lot a  good that ll do for me ! i ai nt had a fresh baby in months !  newline newline drealis scoffed .  speaking of fat ...  newline newline  eh ? say that again !  newline newline  heaven knows how much fat you ve put on in the last century , and if you keep it up , who knows if you ll live another ? you would do well to lay off baby meat for a while .  drealis calmly inspected her fingernails , smirking to herself and watching from the corner of her eye as gerta went red in the face .  if you d like to pick through my garden sometime , you re more than welcome , you know . and goat meat is especially lovely this time of year .  newline newline gerta flipped her broomstick again and pointed the handle inches from drealis  face . drealis instantly drew back from the muddy knob of wood . newline newline  i ll have you know ,  gerta yelled ,  eating baby has life giving properties you ai nt gon na get from all your enchanted cabbage !  newline newline  oh , i m sure .  newline newline  well , see if you get your fancy baby s blood now ! that meat is mine !   newline newline  it is not yours in any sense of the word . the mother promised it to you , and the father promised it to me . and i would be more than willing to share it with you , only your intent is to waste it making yourself fat !   newline newline gerta slapped drealis squarely across the cheek , and drealis reacted , summoning her wand and aiming it directly at the wart on gerta s nose . gerta s broom was already out , but the light and sparks emanating from drealis  wand told her she had already lost the draw . she raised her arms in surrender . newline newline  i give ! i give !  newline newline drealis said nothing . newline newline  i ai nt fat .  newline newline  and i am not wasteful .  newline newline  you take it back .  newline newline  first surrender the child to me .  newline newline  never .  newline newline  do it or i ll turn you to a toad for a year .  newline newline gerta whimpered .  fine . ycan have the baby .  newline newline drealis disengaged her wand , stowed it away , and petted gerta on the head .  you are nt fat , my dear . just ugly .  newline newline  you  newline newline drealis snapped her fingers , and a spell transformed the ground beneath gerta s feet to quicksand . gerta sank waist deep into the ground as drealis walked up the stairs and knocked on the door . newline newline  marus ! i have come for your firstborn !  there was no answer from inside the house .  marus ! marcie !  newline newline  get me out of this mud !  gerta yelled . newline newline  hush .  drealis reached for the doorknob . surprisingly , it was unlocked . she entered the house cautiously , and shut the door behind her . newline newline  i hope ,  she called out ,  you wo nt try anything silly to try to protect your child . i have had my patience tested enough for one day .  newline newline still no answer . drealis passed from room to room , growing first confused , then irritated as she found no sign of her prize . the house was entirely empty . it did nt take long for her to figure out why . newline newline she stormed out of the house . gerta had managed to lift herself out of the quicksand pit with her broom , and was scrambling toward dry ground when she heard drealis slam the door . newline newline  you re gon na pay for that mud spell !  newline newline  shut up , you fat hag .  drealis scanned the woods around the house .  they re not inside .  newline newline  whadya mean , not inside ?  newline newline  they re gone . they must have snuck out through the back while we were quarreling .  newline newline  hah ! good for you . waste of perfectly good meat .  newline newline  they ca nt have gotten far . you go west and search along the banks of the creek . i ll head east .  newline newline  who says i m helping you ?  newline newline  i say ,  drealis hissed .  no one can know that those two escaped without giving up their child . we ll be the laughingstocks of the witches  guild .  newline newline  do nt care .  newline newline drealis curled her fists .  then what do you care about ? this is important !  newline newline  ycalled me fat and ugly .  newline newline  fine ! you are neither fat nor ugly ! now  newline newline  if you want my help , i get the baby . that or no deal .  newline newline drealis roared in anger . materializing her wand , she picked out a large oak tree standing near the house and fired a bolt of lightning at its trunk . it shattered into a million pieces and exploded outwards . woodchips rained from the sky , shattering the house s windows and shredding the leaves off the other trees . gerta did nt flinch . drealis turned to her , her eyes solid red and glowing in anger . newline newline  have the child if you want it ! i no longer care !   her breath was ragged and hot .  i want the parents ! they ll rue the day they crossed me !   newline newline gerta cackled .  anger ai nt good fer your skin , old broad ! you ll get warts !  she scratched her own warts with one hand as she straddled her broom and lifted into the air .  heere , baby ! come to mama !  newline newline gerta pointed her broom westward and darted into the forest . drealis turned east . every few steps , she would point her want and blast another tree into oblivion , traveling in a straight line as she burned off her rage . newline  newline the baby had started crying once the tree exploded . fortunately , the walls of the secret room were thick , and the noise outside meant the two witches would never have heard anyway . newline newline marcie bounced her baby girl on her lap .  how much longer , marus ?  newline newline  i m not sure .  he was at the trapdoor above them , lifting it and peeking into the dining room from under the carpet .  gerta will become disinterested in a matter of days , but drealis became more upset than i feared . she blasted a tree , it would seem .  newline newline  mmm .  newline newline  a week , perhaps .  marus shut the door and climbed down the ladder .  then we ll slip out of town and head north .  newline newline  a week . good .  marcie sighed happily .  this was a good plan .  newline newline the baby squalled , then grew quiet . marcie lifted her and hugged her close . newline newline  you re not going to be like the others , marybeth . no witch is ever going to hurt you .  newline  newline  visit my sub ! there may be more stories about magic ? ! ?   https : www.reddit.comrthecastriffsub me  12:49:06  :  do you ever miss my voice ? newline newline claire  12:49:10  :  no . newline newline claire  12:49:13  :  do you ever miss mine ? newline newline claire  12:50:02  :  aaron ? newline newline me  12:51:11  :  yes . newline newline she looked up from her phone , but i kept my eyes fixed on mine . the cafeteria used to be a symphony of screaming , laughing and arguing . you ca nt put a hundred kids in a room and expect anything else . but since the silence , that had all gone away . replaced by endless little thuds . when so many people are tapping on their phone screens as fast as they can , all at once , it becomes audible . imagine the sound of an avalanche that seems to approach you , but never gets any closer . a distant , hushed rumbling . foreboding and soft . newline newline footsteps . a random cough . a sniffle , maybe . a phone drops . newline newline that was our new symphony . newline newline claire  12:51:27  :  aaron , look at me . newline newline i looked up and saw the tip of her tongue resting between her curled lips . her chubby cheeks were rising into an uncontrollable smile . i smiled back , but could nt hold it long . i ve always been terrible at faking emotion . if there s one thing the silence has done , it s given me a more convenient escape route . newline newline me  12:51:31  :  : p newline newline claire  12:51:34  :  is something wrong ? newline newline was something wrong ? newline newline this feeling had struck me earlier that day , in history class . mr. hayes liked to stand in front of the class and type out random historical facts sometimes , just to see the looks on our faces . newline newline claire  8:43:57  :  whispers the look on my face is because of the look on his face lol newline newline he mostly fell flat . but that morning , he mentioned something i had nt had to think about for a long time . newline newline mr. hayes  8:43:09  :  did you know over 250,000 people attended martin luther king s  i have a dream  speech ? that s more than twice the population of this town , just to hear one man talk . newline newline the moment his words appeared on my phone , i felt a little tingle in my stomach . to hear a speech . my god . a man standing in front of a microphone and shouting . just imagining his voice rumbling through my ears made me anxious . what would it sound like if i gave a speech ? if claire did ? what did mr. hayes sound like ? would respect him more if we just heard his voice ? newline newline claire  12:53:01  :  aaron , what the fuck ? newline newline i awoke from my daydream to look at claire again . a pretty girl with eyes that lock on yours and never waver . what did she even sound like ? i d said i missed it , but i could barely remember it now . a soft whisper ? quiet and pretty , like a girl should be ? or loud and strong , like a woman should be ? newline newline claire  12:53:10  :  i can do it , you know . newline newline me  12:53:12  :  do what ? newline newline claire  12:53:14  :  talk . newline newline me  12:53:17  :  lol newline newline claire  12:53:18  :  look . newline newline me  12:53:23  :  claire ... newline newline claire  12:53:25  :  just look at me for five fucking seconds . newline newline with a determined look on her face , she began mouthing something out to me . i stared , watching her lips move , her mouth spread open , her tongue contort . talking . i d forgotten what it looked like when a person talked . newline newline i . miss . your . voice .  she mouthed these words to me over and over , watching my head sink slowly as i fixed my attention back to my phone . newline newline me  12:54:02  :  maybe you ll hear it again some day lol newline newline  ... your ... voice .  newline newline i froze . newline newline  i ... miss ...  newline newline i did nt dare look up . did nt dare move . the avalanche had ceased . no coughing . no sniffling . we all just listened , too stunned to respond . newline newline  voice ... i ... miss ...  newline newline it was smooth and gentle , not quiet or high like you d expect a girl to sound . even , heavy , and comforting . the kind you want to hear whisper to you with warm lips brushing against your earlobe . a beautiful , disrupting noise . newline newline a voice . newline newline  your ... voice ... i ... miss ... your ... voice .  newline newline and then silence .in 2034 , the world had gone to crap . resources were running out , wars were constantly going on , and there was no hope for any cooperation or world peace between countries . even with amazing technology : flying cars , time machines , hover boards and more  things were nt getting any better . so , secret government intelligences from different countries had the bright idea that in order to change the future , you d have to alter the past . it was decided that they would try music to promote a better world and future . newline newline mission waterloo . newline this would be sweden s mission . to send back four individuals in the 1970 s to form a disco group to change the world . there they stood in all their glory , beautiful space children of the future . they called themselves abba . they would be acclaimed as a great band with powerful messages that promote positivity in their songs . dancing queen would be one of the most successful  weapons  to change the world . who could forget the swedish royalty sitting as an audience to a then young abba performing their hearts away . it would move world leaders worldwide to be more laid back . money , money , money would raise awareness about capitalism and would borrow time before it really took over until the mid 90 s when big business corporations would finally unfortunately take over . gim me ! gim me ! gim me ! would be one of the starts to push women into independence and move towards actual people that can play as hard as any man . as one of the best future musical secret agents i definitely want to say thank you for the music , abba , and promoting a better wonderful world . newline newline all missions from each country turned out to be successful up until the 2000 s . remember ziggy stardust ? he turned out to be an alien and managed to promote a postitive influence on uk and american culture to be more openminded and a little bit different . nena from germany  i never would have guessed she was from the future !  would have a powerful anthem with 99 luft balloons to think twice about war and it s negative effects . and this list continues ... newline newline in the 2000 s alien terrorists would get their hands on time travel as well and send back agents of their own . for example , miley cyrus would be sent to alter the world in being more revolting , promiscuous , and ridiculous as easy prey to the aliens that would come in 2019 . her very mission was to try to promote twerking , a weird act that was to catch on so that aliens could easily anally probe their victims . fortunately , it only caught on as a trend and never became successful . newline newline yet , still we will keep fighting . the u.s. currently has agent katy perry on the job trying to promote a better world . i feared for a second that she would give herself away with such obvious imagery , ie . e.t. , but luckily no one bought it and she continues to be successful with her mission with such anthems as roar and firework to keep on fighting the good fight . newline newline musical secret agents will continue to battle on through songs and there s no telling who the winner will be at this point . oh and watch out for meghan trainor . she is currently one of the most dangerous musical terrorists to date .john was walking fast past the houses of parliament on his way to work . it was 10.55am and he was going to be late for his eleven oclock shift . he hated these shifts . he worked eleven to seven over five days a week in duffy s sandwich bar . the pay was terrible . jim , the shop manager , would be docking pay today if he did nt make it in before eleven oclock . he started to run . newline newline he weaved through the people walking on the busy pavement . lots of office workers were out for their mid morning tea or smoke break . some would even be in the shop buying sandwiches long before lunch . elevenses ? is nt that what the hobbits called it ? newline newline his shoulder bumped against a large man and he lost his balance . he tried to correct his fall but that was hopeless . he landed hard on the concrete pavement . his knees and hands struck first followed by his face scraping along the ground . newline newline his first thought was of how the bastard jim would absolutely lose his mind if the staff uniform was damaged . john gingerly felt his knees . there was a hole in his trousers . newline newline a few people gathered round asking if he was ok . most ignored him . he sat up and took a deep breath . he still need to get to work before eleven . a woman attempted to lift him from behind . newline newline just then , he saw the most astonishing bottletop he had ever seen . it was rolling past him in what seemed like slow motion . he stared deep into it . it was blue on the surface but invited him to look deeper whatever the hell that meant . newline newline he reached out for it . it rolled away from him . a desperation filled his belly . he shrugged off the woman trying to lift him from behind and crawled after the rolling bottletop on his hands and knees . he got close . it was beautiful . newline in his peripheral vision he saw a large man scanning the ground frantically through the crowds of people . john grasped the bottletop . newline newline and looked at the universe .silencers only do so much . noise travels and on a quiet night like tonight , it was still deafening . newline newline i saw two of them . two guys in cammies were executing them . two soldiers i guessed , it was hard to tell if they had patches on their uniforms . one thing was for certain , there was no mercy to be spared for the poor saps laid out in front of the white sands mall . newline newline i cowered behind a tree , watching . i could nt move . a low hanging branch held me up where my legs would nt , it s strength possessing more resolve than my legs . still , i watched . a grisly orchestra of death and ... not song , but screams reached out to me . the dying , and soontobe dead , howled and hollered , seeking reprieve from the night . their wish  to never see the sun rise again . newline newline muffled , yet still loud pops echoed off the front of the mall . sears apparently had a sale on life . buy none , get one shot to the head for free . newline newline i turned to look at the fire . jc penny was lit up like a bonfire . the storefront glass was melting as the heat burst the fluorescent bulbs from the signage . mannequins flickered , then transformed into bright torches , only to burn out in seconds . flames rocketed up from the roof in strange colors  light green , purple , and pink were all on display backed by a pitch black sky . newline newline i tore my eyes back to the two man death squad , praying they had nt spotted me . their muzzled pops continued . i watched them reload and carry on . newline newline pop . pop . pop pop . newline newline brains , blood , and plenty of bodily fluids stained the parking lot . a small breeze shifted the stench my way and i retched , trying my best to keep quiet . after i wiped my eyes i noticed something . jc penny appeared to be sporting a shiny , cylindrical chimney . this chimney extended thirty feet above the collapsed roof and looked a lot like a missile , only it did nt look like a missile at all . it looked like a ship . newline newline there was an opening at the end of the sleek cylinder , well above the cratered ceiling . i noticed that the portal was rectangular and about three feet wide by eight feet tall . a small , narrow tube exited the craft , and angled down into the sears store some forty feet away . newline newline  what the shit is this ?  newline newline i turned my attention back to the executioners . they d made quick work of the civilians near the mall and began sweeping the area for people outside of the immediate impact site . i was about to call out to them when i noticed a bright red dot on my right thigh . newline newline  do nt shoot ! holy fuck , do nt shoot !  i jumped out from behind the tree with my hands up , expecting one of the two killers to mow me down .  i was nt in the mall . i was nt in there .  newline newline by chance i glanced down , only to see the red dot move up my thigh . up my thigh to my belly , where it was joined with two additional red marks . the new marks looked different though , they were nt dots . a symbol akin to    crept up to my chest . newline newline  get down !  one of the murderous bastards was staring at me , his palm faced down and his arm waving by his side .  get the fuck dow ...  newline newline i heard something after i saw it , but it happened in a flash . a bright red orb materialized in the parking lot , then shot towards me with amazing speed . a split second later and i heard an electrical crackle that shattered the night . newline newline i watched the ball hit my chest . it exploded into a wet rainbow of color . pale blue light ricocheted away from me in tendrils of evaporating fluid . yellow and green light diffused around my ribs and turned into fingers that seemed to caress me into a grip . the red though . the red splashed into a ring , with a single drop launching away from me , pulsing away from my chest before stopping about six feet away . newline newline  get down !  i heard through muffled ears . i could nt see the killers , my eyes focused on the droplet .  torch him , he s been taken .  newline newline the red drop fascinated me so much that i did nt notice the other red droplet falling from my forehead . whatever crawled out of that cylinder had almost captured me with an inescapable net . newline newline the killers in the white sands mall parking lot knew what to do . the killers were the saviors . newline newline newline edit : added a word , formatting . newline  in a world ... where aliens have invaded ... one ambassador ... has been selected ... to confront the intruders .   newline newline captain picard stared down at the tralorian , and found it hard not to smile . its greenish brow was furrowed , though whether this was a sign of intense , stern concentration or a permanent feature of its anatomy was debatable . its small stature belied its deep , booming voice .   the survivors ... stand little hope . but now ... they have one chance ... to save everything . coming fall 2246 .   newline newline  i assure you , we mean you no harm ,  said picard , trying to keep this meeting as professional as possible . the tralorians had technically qualified for first contact , and had appeared receptive to it at first , but their culture was still , in some ways , naive .  we arrived at your planet at a time of crisis , but i assure you , the virus that is ravaging your planet is not our creation . in fact , we want to help you . we can give you medical supplies , and a vaccine to protect the rest of your population .  newline newline the alien took a deep breath .   in a world ... of conspiracies ... and lies ... one man ... knows the truth .   he glared at picard .   this summer ... discover the source ... of the virus .   newline newline picard sighed . this was getting nowhere .  look , erm ...  he paused , inhaled , and tried again in as profound a voice as he could manage .   in a world ravaged by disease ... where women and children die by the millions ... an alien invasion ... just might hold the key ... to survival .   newline newline the alien thought for a moment . when it spoke again , its voice was warmer .   this fall ... experience the magic ... that a change of heart can bring .   newline newline picard continued .   from the directors of  dr. crusher s wonderful medicine  and  the federation is here to help you  comes this heartwarming picture .   he had its full attention .   the federation brings the cure for a deadly disease ... can the inhabitants of traloria find it within themselves to accept it ?   newline newline the alien stood up , and held out its hand .   in a world ... of wonder and terror ... one lone ambassador ... finds friendship ... where he least expects it .   picard shook its hand , then pressed his comlink .  picard to sickbay . begin transporting medical supplies .  newlineto my love , newline newline i do nt know if you re still getting this , or if the post keeps on messing it up , but i want you to know that i m doing this for you . the past few weeks have been hell , but thinking of you helps me to push forward . speaking of which , how s our little man doing ? i hope you went with thomas . i ve always liked that name . maybe because of that show on tv i always used to watch growing up as kid . can you just promise me one thing ? if i do nt get back , show him a few episodes . i m sure he ll love newline newline i do nt know who this is , but i hope you can forgive me for what i ve done . i killed you husband , or lover , or whoever he was . it s the first time i ve killed anyone . and i m scared . i write this with a trembling hand . whoever you are , please , forgive me . it was nt my fault . it was nt any of our faults . i was drafted , just as everyone else was . i m done fighting . it s tearing me apart . i m going home . newline newline from , thomas i am glad you are here for your physical .  the doctor says . newline newline  oh yes . me too . thank you doctor .  i say casually . newline newline the doctor asks some questions and touches your wrist and your neck . newline newline  things are looking good . yes yes .  says the doctor .  let s take off your shirt and check some more body stuff .  newline newline i remove my shirt . the doctor s eyes open wide when he sees my back and sees the dragon shaped birthmark sitting in the center . newline newline  my god ! you are the child of prophecy !  he gasps . newline newline  no no doctor . it really is nothing .  newline newline the doctor vomits . his eyes are wide with excitement . newline newline i think  here we go again .  newline newline the doctor appears to be in a trance .  the dragon child has returned to this land .  newline newline i roll my eyes . it appears like this routine physical will no longer be routine . newline newline newline  end of entry , dj robo biscuit  ... to the power of 2 , that way ...  newline newline mrs. patterson stopped , glancing down at ed s notebook . newline newline  well , it appears that mr. anderson is a little more advanced than the rest of the class .  she smiled her annoying newline smile .  edward , why do nt you tell the class what it is that you are doing ?  newline newline ed looked down at the doodle  a pentagram touching an outer circle in four of its five points .  he had missed the newline fifth by a bit  . newline newline right next to it , a poorly drawn penisbatman . newline newline  that s a penis dressed like batman  . newline newline  i m sorry , mrs . patterson .  newline newline mrs. patterson smiled the annoying smile .  just as well . you ll probably have to take my class again next semester , newline mr. anderson . so , by all means , keep drawing .  newline newline ed sighed , swallowing fifty different curse words back down his throat . he looked down at the drawing . newline newline distracted , he completed the pentagram , closing its final point on the outer circle . newline newline he was about to start penisrobin when it happened . newline newline  what a bitch .  newline newline who said that was penisbatman , with a wink at ed through the paper . newline newline the pentagram and circle gleamed red and black next to it , like it had somehow gained texture and volume . newline newline mrs. patterson was talking about pi , and jane , the cute one  not jane the big nosed  , was passing a note to erin , newline her fat friend . newline newline nothing of this was perceived by ed , of course , who was coping with the fact that a penisbatman doodle had just newline talked to him . newline newline  whwhat ?  he whispered , already envisioning a future in a mental home . newline newline the circle and pentagram had stopped glowing , and the penisbatman was frozen blue ink on paper again . newline newline ed pressed his eyelids closed and took a deep breath . newline newline  ... now , pi is an infinite number , as far as we know . it is ...  newline newline mrs. patterson s voice echoed as if coming from another dimension . newline newline ed kept breathing . newline newline all right , it s over . it was just a temporary delusion . like a hallucination . it s gone .  newline newline ed opened his eyes to find penisbatman standing on the table like a tiny little , three dimensional person . newline newline  at your command , master  , penisbatman said , bowing to ed . newline newline and that was loud enough for the rest class to hear , mind you . newline newline the circle and pentagram was gleaming brighter than ever now , making hissing noises as what appeared to be newline sparkles and bits of carbonized paper danced away from it . newline newline it looked like the final glow of a dying bonfire . newline newline mrs. patterson said eleven words after that , which were those : newline newline  mr. anderson , if you can not keep quiet i will have to .  newline newline mrs patterson was nt able to keep saying words because , after to  , she noticed the penisbatman standing erect newline and tall on edwards table , and her brain decided this was a good time for shutting down . so mrs. patterson passed newline out . newline newline several other kids passed out too  but not weird bob . weird bob took his iphone out , flashed the camera and cried newline coooooool   . newline newline  whwhowhowhowho are you ?  ed mumbled , on the verge of following patterson into unconsciousness . newline newline  you drew the circle , dude  , penisbatman said , smiling .  you lure into reality whatever it is that you draw , when newline you draw the circle .  newline newline  you re ... real ?  newline newline  and at your service ! i got super powers too . watch this .  newline newline penisbatman peed fire into the air , and the classroom ceiling burst into flames . newline newline  author s personal note : the above sentence is now my favorite sentence that i ever wrote . thank you op for the newline prompt which generated the proper setting for this sentence to arise . kisses and hugs to my family and friends . newline moving on .  newline newline ed looked around the classroom . newline newline kids were panicking , tackling each other on the way to the door and away from the phallic dark knight . newline newline  i did nt mean to summon you ...  ed whispered , watching as the kids trampled each other and the ceiling burned . newline newline  you want me to go away ?  penisbatman said , in a sad tone .  i can go away ...  newline newline ed looked at penisbatman . he looked around . newline newline he saw jerry , who always picked him last in gym and threw basketballs on his scrotum occasionally and for no newline reason , making way to the door , desperate . newline newline he looked at thamy , who once told everyone he had crapped his pants in art class . newline newline  which was true , but still . why tell people about it ?  newline newline he glanced at toby and jack , who always beat him up during recess . newline newline he looked at patterson , that bitch , still unconscious on the floor . newline newline  no , penisbatman ...  ed said , smiling at his tiny friend.. he leaned his shoulder down and , with a smile , penis newline batman jumped and landed on it .  come on  , ed continued , getting um from the chair , his new friend now newline balancing himself next to his ear .  we re gon na have some fun .  newline why do you want me to do this ? he s already going to be killed , and soon .  newline newline  it is nt about the death  it s about the message . people have to know that their actions have consequences .  newline something about the way that he said that last statement sent chills down my spine . newline newline  ok . i ll accept the contract .  newline newline i started doing my research . he was a sick fuck , that was for sure . a few years back some girls went missing , 5 and 8 years old . weeks later they were found , starting to decompose , under his front porch . i vaguely remember him being caught on the news , and i have to say that he did nt seem surprised , or remorseful . just ... resigned . newline newline he had been some sort of bigwig banker , working for bank of america or one of those institutions that crashed the economy a few years back . quite the pillar of society , who donated to charity , fed the homeless  that he put there  so on and so forth , which is why it was confusing when they found those girls . obviously abused , it was like something you would expect from a cult . while my business model hinges on some level of anonymity , i felt safe in assuming that my client was a relative of the deceased , someone who had only just been able to save up money for my admittedly large compensation . what can i say , they pay for the best . newline newline a few weeks later , i was talking to the warden of the supermax prison where he was located . the warden was looking at some pictures from the manila folder i had brought with me . he was as pale as a ghost . newline newline  but why him ?  he nervously asked . newline newline  that is none of your concern ,  i replied  the people that pay me want me to see him . and those pictures should guarantee me access to him , right ?  i asked leading the warden , who did nt seem too bright , to the right conclusion . newline newline  these are fakes ,  he said , pleadingly .  you ca nt even prove it s me !  newline newline  you and i both know they are nt fake , and i have more in my possession . just give me what i want , and you will get the negatives .  i was lying of course . i did nt know if i would need it , but the leverage offered by those pictures was just too valuable to give away . there is no honor for people like me . newline newline the warden looked deflated , but i could see a glimpse of relief in his ratlike face  ok , you can have access to him , but i want one of my men to be in the room .  newline newline  this guy ca nt be fucking serious !  i thought to myself , and then out loud  you are nt in any position to be giving out orders , do nt you think ?  my voice was laced with incredulity , but i was nt all that surprised this was a man who was used to being the king of his own little kingdom here .  i want access to the prisoner , and i do nt want anybody to see me . if i do nt get what i want , then those pictures will be released . anonymous seems to be all the rage these days . what do you think cnn will say when  anonymous  hacked these from your personal computer  newline newline  but you cant  newline newline  why not ?  he was starting to annoy me at this point  i can do what the fuck i want , and there is nt shit you can do to stop me . how do you think you would fare inside of these walls with these men ?  newline newline he looked scare at this proposition .  ok . when ?  newline newline i stood up  i ll see you next tuesday . 10 pm . make it happen .  i walked out without hearing the confirmation . newline newline the next tuesday the warden was letting me into the cell .  be back here in 20 minutes . any funny business and those pictures are getting released by anonymous .  the warden nodded quickly , fearfully , and left . newline newline i looked at the figure on his cot . startled by the cell door , he was observing me sleepily , almost calmly .  i thought they would send someone . i ve made that exact call before .  he knew ? i ignored him , and started moving towards him , pulling out my silenced 22 it would send more of a message than a knife , but was quiet enough for me to not have to worry about anybody noticing . well , the only people who would hear me were already dead men , and people tend not to listen to what dead men have to say . newline newline  we knew exactly what we were doing . marcus , is nt it ?  he knew my name ? he must have seen the shock on my face in the dim light , because he continued .  oh yes , i know who you are . we have a file on you . military trained , you became a contract killer after you left the service . it s a story so old , it s almost clich . did you get in by blackmailing the warden ? hell , those pictures probably came from the company s private investigator . i hired tommy myself.  newline i had my own p.i. , completely trustworthy , but i did nt ask him where he got his information from . newline newline  you ca nt talk your way out of this . my client wants to send a message , and you are the subject .  newline newline  you do nt think i know that ? but what do you think happens after this ? your pay is going to be at the drop , but what about jackie ? when was the last time that you talked to her , knew she was safe ?  newline newline i froze . i used a fake name , and had severed ties with my old life . how could he know ? newline newline  you always were sentimental towards her , were nt you ? even after she went and got married . you even have a picture of her in your wallet , do nt you ? you do nt know it yet , but they control you now . do you want to know why they are killing me ?  newline newline i was still in shock , i let him keep talking . newline newline  see , this is bigger than you or i . bigger than the government . the old banking families have been controlling the world since the renaissance . i was getting paid a lot of money to keep it that way , but then i made a mistake . i started to see those without as important . my life was saved by a nobody . i found out that this nobody was losing everything he owned because of what we were doing . i tried changing things . first i paid for his house .  250,000 really is nt much money . not for me . then i tried to do it on a bigger level . they caught me trying to walk off site with the records the real ones , not the ones that the government is privy to . they fired me , and i thought that was that . until the police got an anonymous tip , and found those girls . i am not trying to claim innocence my crimes ruined lives . but not those ones . i could never take such sweet innocence from the world , but the evidence was undeniable . i am not walking away from here , but maybe you can . walk away , get jackie , and go to south america . get a tan and drink beer with an ocean view for the rest of your life . salvation still exists for you . just take it .  newline newline  i ve heard enough  i took the 3 steps across the small cell and shot him 3 times in the chest . as the life was fading from his eyes i saw that resignation again , and something else . was it sadness ? remorse ? no , i realized , it was pity . newline newline the warden walked me out of the prison , and i got into my rented car , driving off as i assured him that the negatives would be delivered to him soon . the fool believed me . newline newline 2 weeks i got the letter , hand delivered by courier . the letter that changed every thing . it just said  thank you  along with  25000 . i was satisfied with the payment . as i sat down the envelope , something fell out . a polaroid . with dawning horror i realized it was her . her beautiful eyes , always filled with such life , were empty . 3 holes were in her chest . i started to tell myself that i would avenge her  that i would kill every goddamn person who had anything to do with it , and then i heard the sirens outside . newline newline newline any input would be appreciated . this is the first time that i am writing anything that is nt an essay or something for school , so i m sure there are a lot of flaws . it is better to die than live like this . jump with me  said the last woman , her blue eyes glistening with tears . she clung to eric , he placed his hand on her head and stroked her red hair . she stepped away and placed a final , gentle kiss upon his forehead . newline newline  no , it can not be . i refuse to believe it .  newline newline  goodbye eric  . newline newline with a woeful smile she stepped to the cliff s edge and closed her eyes . crashing waves called faintly from below . newline newline  goodbye .  newline newline she disappeared from the clifftop , hair dancing behind her like a roaring flame , flickering and snapping until she passed out of vision , extinguished . a white shape upon the surface of a grey sea . newline newline the wind whipped eric s clothes and pushed him gently towards the edge . he watched her shape fade among the waves . eric took a step towards the edge . then another . he stopped . swallowed . looked at the ocean again , she was gone . tears trickled down cheeks , dripped off his chin , were carried away by the wind . his toes curled around the cliff s edge . eric closed his eyes . brilliant white pierced his eyelids . thunder followed , roaring from the heavens . the cliff shook and eric fell . newline newline icy water froze the air in his lungs . he gasped for breath . the cold tore into his body and wrapped itself around his muscles . eric could not see the surface , could not tell if he was swimming towards it . he thrashed forwards . his pulse thumped in his ears . each movement became sluggish . water stung his eyes . erupting from the sea he gasped , choking on the air . he surged forwards , pushed above the waves , a force driving him upwards . turning , he saw the blue eye of a gnarled old whale gazing into his . he lay upon the whale s head , exhausted , and fell into a murky sleep . newline newline eric awoke to the sun shining upon his face . a crow hovered overhead . coughing , he sat up in the sand and turned his gaze out to sea . the whale was gone . eric s throat was dry and his stomach grumbled , he staggered to his feet and loped away into the forest . newline  newline newline eric clutched his walking stick , shuffling onto the beach . the wind tugged at his grey beard and tousled the feathers of a crow that sat upon his shoulder . the crow squawked twice and took flight , circling above . the earthy red light of sunset had fallen upon the beach . it danced upon breakers and clambered up cliffs . now old and tired , eric watched the sunset . a whale breached on the horizon .name : anthony winslow newline birthplace : chicago , illinois , usa newline alias : the radish king newline newline subject designated the radish king former botanist . newline born to moderately successful farm owners in newline illinois . grew up , inherited farm at age of 14 when newline his parents died in an apparent tragic rutabaga newline harvesting accident . foul play is suspected , but newline deaths were never investigated , as they only became newline suspicious long after their deaths and when winslow newline began branching out in his farming operations . newline too much money is flowing in and out of winslow acres , newline more than can be attributed to crop sales alone . in newline particular , the extra funds are attributed to radishes  newline according to the invoices we ve managed to get ahold newline of , but do not match the output his fields provide . newline agents undercover on site suspect involvement with newline suspect connection colombian drug cartels . newline evidence is being collected to support this theory . newline hopefully , within the next few months , we will have newline enough evidence to take out the radish king . newline newline  newline newline sorry if it was more pedestrian than you were hoping for , but it was the first thing that came to mind , except for a radish based super villain .everyone stood and stared at the minotaur in the centre of the room , holding a towel at it s waist . newline newline  well this is awkward  said the minotaur newline newline  uhmahiuhah  the teacher tried to form words , failing each time . newline newline  oh , sorry  said the minotaur , wrapping the towel all the way around  souh , math , that s ... that s good . it s good to get an education  newline newline the class kept staring except for who max looked down at the piece of paper on his desk . newline newline  look , if you re going to scream could you just get it out of the way now ?  said the minotaur newline newline  ii do nt think anyone s going to scream it s justwell this is new to us  said the teacher newline newline  tell me about it . i mean i had the in front of your class while naked nightmares , but i always assumed  newline newline  that it would be your class  said the teacher , who then looked surprised they had just finished the minotaur s sentence newline newline  yeah . i mean you think you re shocked but at least you re still in your world . and also dressed  newline newline  uhmruhmminotaur  said max newline newline  yes mr . human ?  newline newline  i get it  said a random student newline newline  iuhmdo nt quote me on this but i think you came out of my piece of paper  newline newline  huh ?  newline newline  well i was doodling  newline newline  in class  said the teacher  sorry  newline newline  and then the doodles started glowing and the lights started flashing and there was a puff of smoke and thenuh you showed up  newline newline  let me see . huhyeauhyup . yeah , no this would do it . where did you learn these symbols ?  newline newline  i was just doodling  newline newline  well i guess with all the students in all the math classes that are doodling eventually something like this would happen . that s a little math for you  said the minotaur , looking around  chance . anyway yeah , could i use your  newline newline max handed him his pencil which snapped as soon as he closed his hand . newline newline  oh shit sorry sorry . do nt swear kids does anyone havethank you  newline newline he took the offered pencil in two fingers and crudely drew on max s piece of paper . a portal opened . newline newline  well i hope you ve all learned a very important lesson about paying attention and not doodling in class . and also that there s multiple worlds and that magic is real . ohcrap . i left the water running . that s just wasteful and i m going to get hammered on the hydro bill . do nt worryhuman  newline newline  max  newline newline  max pleased to meet you . you did nt know , but just to be safe i think i might take this piece of paper . with your permission  newline newline  uh ok  newline newline  believe me there are things that would do some pretty nastystuff , for this piece of paper . well anyway , goodbye  newline newline the minotaur stepped through the portal , it stayed for a second and then disappeared . everyone turned to the teacher . newline newline  uhclass dismissed newline the tan envelope was at least an inch thick , it laid heavy on the desk of your cubical as you stared at your monitor engrossed in your work . you had been on your way to work your 95 minimum wage job when the secretary had stopped you at the door and given you this manila envelope with your name sharpied onto it . when you asked who had left it , he shrugged his shoulders , his tailored suit exaggerated the movement . he said it had been left on his desk yesterday but you had taken the day off so he had kept it for you . so you had assumed it was your new assignment  your boss had been waiting to put you on it too make sure you could handle it . about time he started trusting you , the bastard . sometimes you just wanted to kill him so you would nt have to deal with him anymore . newline when you reached your desk you pulled the thick stack of papers out and glanced over them . after the first page you snorted and rolled your eyes , shoving the papers back into the envelope and chucking it off to the side of your desk . it was nothing more than a joke . a fake assignment left by some unknown shitty jester . you noticed a small postit on the bottom said shall you choose to accept this assignment your payment shall be : ...  the corner had been folded up do you could nt see the rest . you flipped down the edge hiding the no doubt childish punch line .  3 mil a year ?  come on , at least use a somewhat realistic number . these halfwit pranksters seriously needed to step up their game . newline the envelope had then sat untouched on the back of your desk for around a week , it had been forgotten underneath a few other envelopes containing your real assignments , given to you the following day . as you reached the bottom of the stack , you reopened it on accident , thinking it a new assignment . you read the first page again and only when you reached the end did you remember last weeks whole prank thing . you almost threw it in the bin when you noticed there was still something in the envelope . you pulled it out and it was a quarter sized round black platform with a small silver switch on it . curious you reread the assignment  : newline to whom it may concern  newline blah blah blah , you have been analyzed by our specialists and we are pleased to inform you that you fit the requirements for a high position in blah blah blaaaaaah you have been selected based on your history .  newline history in what , you wondered . whatever , here is where it gets really scifi style cheesy . newline it has been determined that you are the only one of our knowledge competent enough to blah this important blah blah , your task is simple  over the past hundred years we have been developing sensitive technology capable of transporting anyone a short amount of time into the past .  wow how comedic . an 8 year old could write a better premise . how did they even type an inch of instructions  for such a shitty clich ? seriously , how overdone it the time traveler schtick ? you skimmed about two more pages of history  before finding what the hell the switch was . you guessed it must be the magic time traveler machine thing . to complete this mission simply turn on the unit and flick the switch . once completed , continue reading for further instruction on destruction of the target .  called it . you guess destroying this target was the assignment . what a stupid joke . newline you flipped the switch for the hell of it . nothing happened , obviously . newline you chucked the whole lot in the bin , continuing on your work . it was almost the end of the day and you needed to answer the wall of emails you had received . newline midemail , you realized you had nt actually turned the switch on first like the assignment had said . it was stupid , you know , but you wanted to see what the switch did . it probably was an alarm or something . ready to screech at you when you flicked it . newline out of intense curiosity you dug it all out and wiped off yesterday s muffin crumbs . setting the papers on your lap you turned the switch over in your hands until you found the nigh invisible button on the side . you nudged it on with your nail and wondered why you were even doing this . you again flicked the switch and ... again , nothing happened . you glanced around the office , everything was perfectly normal . what were you even expecting ? newline your watch beeps suddenly , telling you it s time to go home , so you get up , shoving the assignment and switch into your messenger bag . on your way out the secretary catches your eye , not because he was doing anything odd , but he had been wearing the brightest neon yellow scarf this morning . it had made you want to throw up and you wished someone would strangle him with it . noticing the scarf had made you remember his outfit , and he had definitely  thank god  changed clothes . newline you asked if he had spilled something on his clothes and he confusedly said he had nt . he asked why you were here , was nt it your day off ? you laughed .  i just took a day off . you laughed .  the secretary looked even more confused . he assures you today , tuesday , was your day off . you tell him that was over a week ago and that it was nt tuesday , it was wednesday . he starts to say something else but you realize this must be phase 2 of the time traveling 3 million dollar job prank . hey let s all pretend it s last week so we can play a dumb prank  how moronic . everyone could just leave you alone or go die in a hole . the secretary was nt done talking but you left without a word anyway . serves him right . newline you always walk home from work and everyday , halfway to your apartment , you stop and buy a paper . you greet the newsstand owner as you do everyday and continue with the paper under your arm . after another block you pull it out at a stoplight and read the headlines . you notice you had received last weeks paper . newline nope . newline someone had officially taken this prank waaaaay too far . you were done . seeking affirmation you stop a completely random passerby and ask them what day it is . tuesday , they say . newline goddam it . newline you kind of start doubting yourself a little and sort of freak out . only a little bit though . time travel is completely fake and is nt real , you tell yourself . if it is real  which it is nt  you would see yourself in your apartment in just a minute , you rationalized . newline you rushed the last block home and raced up the stairs , slowing down as you neared your apartment . your heart thuds and you crouch low , creeping slowly towards the window . newline edit :  continued  newline you slowly raise your head to peer into your apartment window . you ca nt see anything . obviously . like you had said  time travel is completely fake and is nt real . you were about to stand up when something inside moved . the bathroom door opened and ... you stepped out ? okay this was not happening , you were nt going to deal with this . you turned on your heels and headed straight back down the stairs towards the local pub . newline once there , drink in hand , you faced what had just occurred . you had definitely just seen ... yourself . meaning this stupid time travel prank had the potential of actually being not a prank . it was just so hard to believe the time traveler schtick was actually happening , of all the overused clichs possible . newline not knowing what to do , you pulled out the envelope again and read it for a third time . the assignment if you wish to accept it involves going back in time one week  estimated  and eliminating a future mass murder before he has the chance to become such .  newline of all the cheesy plots , this was definitely the worst . you kept reading anyway . the target in question in to be eliminated in their sleep  address is listed on page ten . once objective is complete , lie low for one week before receiving payment by postage .  okay you were nt going to kill someone for money you did nt even know exited . you shoved it back into your bag and had a few more drinks , debating what to do . after a few hours it was starting to get dark out . newline your judgment was impaired so you decided what the hell , let s go kill someone . a bit of a shitty excuse , but what the hell . you found page 10 and tried focusing on the words . you found the address by skimming . it took you a minute to figure out why the address was familiar when you realized it was your own address .the kyleth were created to do hard labor in space . their smaller and shorter state and their slow mannerisms means that they require less oxygen and food . no one expected the kyleth at one point to go on strike for human rights . since then an entire bureaucratic structure was erected for the management of humankyleth relations . and deep in the bowels of that bureaucracy is me . my name is samaj , i work as a translator for the forced labor compensation office , a place where kyleth can negotiate compensation from the mining companies fior the forced labor they were forced to do and since recently , something which the kyleth call sjjyanyet , forcing kyleth into hyperspecified adaptations in order to keep them from changing companies . the position is basically a customer service position except that of course my employer is the government . the case of jjkiyitq was difficult , difficult enough that other colleagues had already said that pretty much nothing could be done anymore  and , well , communicating with jjkiyitq  the one who carries on  was also difficult as he had a quirky manner of communicating and seemed not to understand that internal jargon of a limited group of colleagues had no meaning outside of it  . i heard this person and immediately understood that he was desperate and in need for help and i tried to move heaven and hell to give him the accomodations he needed . in that process , i also got into contact with his best friend jjqkit  the realist  . he had a particular kind of charme and he invited me to private chats which i accepted . there are rules against personal relations and romance with clients . but no one talks about the friends of clients . i know that you are going to say that this is something which i d only imagine . i heard it often that i can not really fall for him . for them , i have just 2 words : grow up . interspecies romance , or as kyleth translates it : blue love , has been around for longer than me and even longer than jjkiyitq . you do not need to fall in love with a body , love does not need to be soaked in hormones and by that very nature ephermeral , love can emerge from interactions , from talking , from the other s mind , humour and character and that only makes it deeper . i know that you do not agree with my plans , and this is why i only tell you now . the case of jjkiyitq has ended yesterday , and after it did , i handed in my notice . i have signed up with syntic , the company under which s contract jjqkit is , i am being transformed on a genetic level to a kyleth at the time this letter reaches you  depending on just how bad the postal service is right now , it might reach you even later  . on 20570416 , i will be sent out to the same station jjqkit works in . i know that you do not understand it , i know that you will think that i am crazy , and i can not really do a lot to change this . what i can tell you however is that we will stream our wedding to you .i was beside myself with hate today , newline newline newline no different from any other day , newline newline newline selfloathing in my recipe , newline newline newline to set my mood scrolling wp . newline newline newline along the way , what s this i spy ? newline newline newline a metaprompt ! ? oh me ! oh my ! newline newline newline what ever shall you write about ? newline newline newline u kno you re writings filed wit doubt newline newline newline  you know your writing s filled with doubt .  newline newline newline ftfy dumb ass . peace , i m out !  newline newline newline yes , that s the joke . your words are for naught . newline newline newline top comment ! ? you must be using a bot ! newline newline newline down voting me ! ? what have i done ? newline newline newline already at 101 ! ? newline newline newline i knew i d just get karma stomped ... newline newline newline why am i still submitting this prompt ! newline newline newline no matter , there s too many comments , this wo nt be read . newline newline newline besides , with my selfloathing what have i to dread ? newline newline newline it s not like this could of hurt my station . newline newline newline it s either could have or couldve , but never could of . see grammar errors for more information . newline newline newline newline so , i m not going to remember any of this after i wake up ?  newline newline  that s correct .  newline newline  and i m not dreaming right now ? i m totally wide awake ,  he said , not quite sure if that last bit was a question or a statement . newline newline  sure .  newline newline that was a little confusing to him , as the thing hovering over his recliner in the living room was most certainly a nightmare . it had glided through the darkness and around the corner from the hallway only moments prior , a frigid pair of ice blue eyes dug into a pale ceramic head which floated impossibly in the air because it possessed no real body . instead , its bleached white spine dangled from the base of its skull like a balloon string , a monstrous and only halfhuman length of bone and yellow sinew which ended in a single venomous barb about as big around as his index finger . he had screamed , he had cried , he had made some mad and very conscious attempt to shit himself because hey , that s what people do , and after several moments in which the abomination simply watched him , he righted himself on the couch and remained stupidly frozen . perhaps if he did nt move , the creature could nt see him . newline newline its name was harold . newline newline even now that the thing called harold had coaxed him into some strange form of polite conversation , he wrangled against the urge to engage in some as yet unexplored and ultimately stereotypical feardriven response . maintaining such perfect , unrestrained horror over tea was every bit as exhausting as he never imagined it could be . newline newline  it s nothing to get too worked up about . i ve explored this very scenario a billion different ways in a trillion potential realities all wrapped up in half the time it took for you to stop making a fool of yourself ,  harold explained .  you ll come to no harm , although i m eating your eyes in a neighboring dimension right about now .  newline newline  you re ... you what ?  he spoke with all the clarity of a man who had just pulled his head out of an oven . newline newline  it s how we say hello where i m from . i consume some vital part of you , and in return you may recite a passage of your choosing from the ravaged verse in order to absorb the essence of my infinite will . there is no potential reality in which that makes sense to you , however , so you are most perfectly incapable of common courtesy . no wonder your species is so riddled with such base parasites .  newline newline  puhp  newline newline  parasites . infirmities . basic and absolutely curable illnesses which your kind just can not seem to transcend . war , lust , ignorance , famine , the dmv . you know , plagues .  newline newline  i suppose that makes sense . so you re not going to eat my eyes ?  newline newline  not this time , no . i ve come here for something much more important . it s a very serious situation , i m afraid , can not be ignored , must be attended to , the eternal wellspring of your spirit hangs delicately in the balance like a plump fruit just waiting to be severed .  newline newline harold watched an expression of deep concern slide over the young man s face . newline newline  young man ?  newline newline  i   newline newline  young man ?   newline newline  ... yes ?  newline newline harold paused . the young man squirmed . the tip of harold s barb secreted a single dark droplet of venom , a sweet and otherworldly substance with a faint aroma of fresh honeysuckle and the consistency of syrup . newline newline  have you found jesus ?  newline newline the young man stared blankly as harold erupted into laughter with a thousand different voices which all at once filled his head like a black , seething ocean . before he could speak , harold was rising into the air again , the barb arcing behind his head like a scorpion s tail , and then there was a vicious python s strike and an electric whip of pain . the world snapped off like a light , and then right back on again . newline newline he stood up , arched his back and groaned , unconsciously raising a hand to a small red spot in his neck he would ultimately never notice . newline newline man , he though to himself . i really got ta stop falling asleep on the couch . a pale frame approached my desk . she looked around , weak and hunched . newline newline  i m sorry but i ...  newline newline  welcome margaret , i have your file right here ,  i began .  before we start , is there anything in particular you d like to reincarnated as . newline newline  can you put me back in my own body ?  she asked as she sat in front of me . newline newline  no , i m sorry .  newline newline  i suppose you tried that 2,000 years ago , and it did nt workout well ,  she quipped as she leaned back stubbornly in her seat . newline newline i let out a derisive giggle before typing into my computer , and watching the printer flicker with her next life . newline newline  alright , you re going to come back as a jellyfish .  newline newline  what ? why !  she shouted . newline newline  i m sorry , all decisions are final ,  i quipped as i pressed the big red button , and margaret was reincarnated . the pneumatic tubing above my desk dropped another file , and a man limped in . he was holding his own head , chunks of his body were falling on the floor . he looked awful . newline newline  mr . aldin ?  i asked as he sat bewildered .  it says here you were killed in a terrorist attack .  newline newline  is that what happened ?  he asked .  i was just minding my stand in the bazaar , and ... a   newline newline  do nt worry about that ,  i said to stop him abruptly . i ve heard all the stories .  you ll be reincarnated as a majestic falcon .  newline newline  really ? thank you !  newline newline i hit the button , and he was reincarnated . next , a rhinoceros sauntered in , its horn removed , and riddled with bullet holes . newline newline  oh , i m sorry ,  i began .  i only reincarnate those who died as humans . jeremy does rhinos , he s on the 213th floor .  newline newline the rhino slowly sauntered out , and a young man in a business came in , brushing dirt from his clothes . his file fell onto my desk . newline newline  i m dead ...  he realized .  ... but ... i worked so hard ... it ca nt be over now ...  newline newline  sit down mr . hankel .  newline newline he slowly grabbed the seat and pulled it out . newline newline  i see you did work very hard to get to your position ,  i continued .  dead at 32 from an aneurysm . there must ve been a lot of stress in your life .  newline newline the devastated man just nodded . newline newline  i ll tell you what , i ca nt make you human again , it s against policy . i ll put a note in your file to make you human after you die again . for now , try to enjoy life as a tiger .  newline newline he looked up with an expression of confusion before fading away . another person sauntered in , but he had a clear sense of entitlement . newline newline  i m very busy , can we make this ...  newline newline  flea !  i screamed , slamming the big red button . he faded away screaming . it was so satisfying . newline newline as a young asian girl strolled in , i stopped her and rose from my seat . newline newline  it s my lunch time , i ll be back in an hour ,  i explained , as i left the room . i fucking love my job !the organ stone . the unofficial name has been buzzing all over the media . they are technically correct . this stone is some sort of miracle worker that can be shaped into any organ and be fully functional and compatible with a patient . they started appearing after an asteroid smashed into the moon 3 years ago . that caused mass hysteria due to the sudden change in weather patterns and tides . many coastal cities were claimed by the oceans . my fellow colleagues believe that the appearance of the organ stone is a blessing  how scientific of them  . but i know something is nt right about the gemstone . especially in its pure form . an eyrie obsidian colored stone . they all seem to somewhat resemble wings . holding it feels wrong but human trials have already begun . 2,499 people get the organ transplant that they always needed but could nt afford or would never get in time due to waiting lists . patient aggregate would have all of his organs replaced . if this sample population survives normally for 25 years then the government will seriously consider allowing the public to have access to the stone . however in secret it already being used in the military and there is a black market for the stones . newline newline newline 25 years later ... newline newline patient aggregate is amazing . after having all of his organs were replaced with organ stones he lived normally for 20 years . then he  agreed  to have his brain replaced to continue the experiment . somehow he still acts the same way that he did before the operation . i know the organ stone is supposed to be a complete copy but this is insane . newline newline 2045 ... newline newline nearly 800 million people have an organ stone somewhere inside of them . i now know what a horrific mistake that was . patient aggregate s body has corrupted . his face is sunken . his eyes blank . his skin grey . he does nt talk anymore but scans show that he is capable of speaking . newline newline they turned to ash . all of them . those wings . black and burned . they belonged to the angel of death . nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  the neighbors were far away and tired of being tired . the low level anxiety of living next to the institution came with certain lifestyle factors that justified low property values . herman did nt mind . banshee wails , runaway shadows , and flashes of never dreamt dreams would not scare him away from baker s point . his small blue house seemed smaller on the inside , had spacious closets , and sat atop a white bluff that , if you climbed atop the roof , provided a view of the gargoyle atop the clock tower , but never the time . zophiel she was called , apparently , even though no one had ever told him this , but he had heard at the tabard pub that she use to adorn the tower of art elsewhere . he had built a small platform anchored to the chimney and would spend the week of summer relaxing perched atop . he enjoyed his tea gazing across the bay of whitecaps . it was a magical place . these few days a year he could return and balance the observational vigilance . that feeling echoed resoundingly with him throughout the year . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  he held an old copper spyglass with victor  engraved upon it for some reason . a relic from a lighthouse his father had given to him when he was a young man setting off on his own . it was soaking wet in the dark rain that had unexpectedly turned day into night far to early . he should nt be up here , not with the lightning and whatnot . something was absent though , wossname , that feeling of being watched over was missing . he yearned to know why . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  where the grigori was supposed to be only void stared back at him . it was ephemeral and unnerving . sure she had gone off for flights in the twilight before , but it was nt her absence that disturbed him so . it was that nothing where she was that had his mind crying out please  over and over . it was nt black , or a simple absence of presence , it simply was nt in the same way that other things were . no matter his focus he could nt see that null . his effort was probably why that flash of lightning on his periphery had blinded him so , also its proximity . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  everything hurt , even the thopping  noise of the mud by  and in  his ears . he had nt heard the thunder that had accompanied the retina searing flash , likely a memory lost in trauma . he was fortunate that the rosebushes under his eaves has broken his fall as they had broken his skin , tearing through his corduroys with a dozen loving pricks . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  he was truly awakened by the blunt nudge of an oxford shoe , the owner s umbrella otherwise usefully engaged . newline newline with aloof and grave dignity came a worn voice , sir i have been knocking for just under a minute , i would impinge on your time to direct me to hogwarts school of wizardry and magic . it appears that my aidedecamp has absconded with my bedknob again , forcing me to ask for direction .  newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  herman extended a hand vertically into the air expecting a lift up , instead he was greeted with a terse handshake . from ingrained english pride he found himself saying ,  where are you calling from ?  newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   i ve been retained in a matter of quite some urgency , as it always seems to be with my alma matter . my old roommate rang me at 221b baker s street . and it appears that my new companion  who is about as meticulous as most yanks  has either entered our starting point and destination backwards into his gps or that ecorp hack has farther reaching implications than first expected . this is baker s point if i assume ?  newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  herman s confused face gave enough away that the gentleman went on ,  sherlock holmes , consulting investigator  this excuse for a special agent is mr. mulder . he s helping me arrange oversight at the caucus today for an old flame who wishes to remain headmaster . in exchange i ve pledged to do the same for his grandfather in america . now if you could point the way ?  newline newline ps : i know it s not exactly on point but it got away from me and i liked chasing it down . also my first fanfic  because a friend dared me . i fitted in references to nineteen different established universes , to varying degrees , and levels of success . i am proud enough of it now to think it s mainly done . i hope you enjoy . as soon as i touched the door , it fell in off its hinges . i stood there in shock for a moment , taking in the destruction my house had witnessed . my mind was nt working , until the reality of the situation kicked in , and i realized i d been robbed . i frantically started to look around , trying to find what was missing , but confusion settled in when all the valuables were still there . newline that means they could ve only come for one thing . newline i race up the stairs , each foot slamming on every other step as i take the floor two steps at a time . i get to the landing and bolt towards my room and slam the door open . i stand there in shock , looking across the room . it s gone . they took it , and only it . newline how can i live without it ? of course they d come for it , the one true luxury , the thing no sane man can live without . and mine , of all people s , mine ? my face is dry , the shock of the situation overwhelming my tears . they took it . i ll never see it again . my beloved . my one and only . newline . newline . newline . newline my closet .the mixture of hot and cold was oddly soothing jacob thought as he lie face down in the snow with the remains of his escape pod burning behind him . newline  we just had to be positioned over an ice planet .  jacob lamented as he rolled onto his back to watch the wreckage of the class d planet cracker he had just been aboard break apart and burn into the atmosphere of this barren wasteland of a planet . jacob sat up and watched his escape pod burn , flames pouring from the engine and the cockpit where he was just sitting . jacob tried to steady himself enough to stand and took a deep breath as he pushed himself upwards to a standing position . before he could take another breath he heard a loud groan followed by a booming crack that split the ice under his escape pod remains and his feet . newline  fuck ...  jacob muttered as the ground beneath him teetered and split . the scientist threw himself away from the collapsing ice and began crawling desperately to get away from the abyss that was forming behind him . newline after what seemed like miles jacob reached what felt like solid ground . still on his hands and knees , he turned around and stared at the gaping hole where his escape pod and him once laid . out of breath , jacob collapsed onto his back and stared at the sky . newline it was eerily quiet , and dark , without the fire from his escape pod crackling near him . the last remains of the ship he came from burned across the sky heading to other parts of the planet he would never see .  maybe those are others , maybe i was nt the only one to make it out alive  jacob said to no one in particular . with the heat gone he could feel how cold it really was here , his suit s h.u.d . was reading the temperature as 120 degrees but it had to be colder . jacob knew if he laid here for too long he d be frozen solid and have no hope of finding his way off this popsicle , but he was so tired .at first , everyone was convinced that there was a pandemic that had hit all corners of the globe in a matter of days . everyone  s vision was getting hazing , and nothing else could be attributed to the phenomena , but when the lab results came in , none of the medical professionals could point to any clear links to the condition . after a few weeks things got worse and visibility was only out a few yards , even with the brightest lights or in direct sunlight . after solar panel grids started to lose power , it was evident that it wasn  t our eyesight that was fading , but the actual physical property of light was starting to diminish . after a few months the darkness is all we knew . newline newline reports came in that even without the light from the sun , crops were still growing and the effects of sunlight could still be detected . for some reason the light was gone , but sunlight still existed in some way that our best scientists just couldn  t understand . travel had stopped completely and most jobs closed up shop since the work couldn  t be done without the ability to see . it wasn  t long before looting and crime took root everywhere in place of people living an honest life . suddenly every day was a fight for survival . newline newline i can remember clear as day the first time i heard the sounds born in the true dark . the sound of bones breaking mixed with the squashing of meat being ground broke the silence , and it was enough to trigger one  s gag reflex . as they lumbered along you could hear their low rasping breath and liquid filled sniffs in the air as they searched for their prey . when they got closer the scent of roses wafted through , creating an uneasy feeling in the pit of my stomach . it was on that day that i was glad that i didn  t have my sight , for i fear what i might have looked upon . newline newline nobody knew what they were , but whatever it was they seemed to have no trouble in the darkness and they didn  t carry any affection for humans . my traveling companion jack was hit on the second day after those things showed up , and it killed him right on the spot as far as i could tell . i  m not proud to admit it , but i scrambled out of the building we were holed up in without once giving it a though to go back and see if he was alive . when i heard the thrashing and jack  s screams i just bolted . then the whispers on the streets were that this all started at the heart of the city , and so i wanted out . newline newline after a day or two of stumbling around in the dark i found myself a small empty house next to a field of corn . i don  t know what happened to the original inhabitants , but i was happy enough to have shelter from the elements and out of the open . you learn quickly in the darkness to keep your back against the wall , so open fields left me feeling vulnerable for far too long . when i arrived i cried myself into a light sleep , too overcome by relief to secure the building first . newline newline without light there is no telling night from day , but when i awoke the air had a crisp chill to it , so i assumed the hour must be late . it didn  t seem as though there was any kind of struggle that took place , since nothing was broken or disheveled . that almost made me feel even more uncomfortable with the entire scene . what could have happened here that would have left the house abandoned ? newline newline i didn  t sit in thought too long about it since it had been several days that i had gone without food and just a small bottle of water . as i scrounged , i came across cans and boxes filled with unknown substances and i started to dig in . some crackers eventually became my meal after i gave up searching through boxes of cake and stuffing mix . luckily for me the water still ran as well , so i was able to get a much needed drink . newline newline after feeling refreshed a bit , i decided that it was time to search the rest of the house , so i crawled on my hands and knees in order to avoid tripping on the obstacles of the house . with any luck there might have been people locked away who didn  t respond to my initial greetings for fear that i might be a looter . since jack i hadn  t come across another person who didn  t want to kill or rob me , so the thought of a friendly person filled my heart with hope . just anyone that was still alive would have been enough to keep my sanity . newline newline eventually i came across a door where the handle wouldn  t budge . gently i knocked on the door and called out softly as not to draw the attention from anyone outside the house . i begged and pleaded for what felt like an eternity for them to let me in and told them i would be no trouble . someone had to be in there , and they just had to have a heart enough to let in . after i decided that this was a wasted effort i slammed my hand on the door in frustration . newline newline just moments later i heard shuffling inside , and as i registered what i was hearing i could smell the roses from the opposite side of the door . quickly i shuffled backwards to a corner of the room and curled up into a ball , not daring to try and outrun the thing or to make the noise needed to do so . out of instinct i hid in my corner because it is what i felt was safest even though i knew it wasn  t . my body was frozen and i couldn  t get the courage to pry myself up and hide . newline newline then came the sniffing . that sickening moist sniff racked my nerves even more and entrenched me deeper into my pathetic little corner of the house . there was just a brief pause before the door slammed open and flew off the hinges . whatever lived in the darkness was large , and as it took steps forward the floor groaned under its weight . i could feel the power of it as its attention was directly on me . the air around me grew warm as it drew near and the aroma it gave off almost made me choke . newline newline i don  t know why i did it , but i reached out my hand in order to feel it . as my fingers reached out i could feel the warm metallic skin of the creature hovering over me , shivering with each lumbered breath . i didn  t ever think of what one would feel like , but i don  t imagine i ever would have thought that it would feel like that . it almost felt inviting to the touch , and suddenly i found myself standing with my body pressed against the rippling muscles of the creature . my breath synced up with its , as i felt at peace with the world .preface : standard universal genetic pattern species and the universal quantum network newline newline what many species fail to realize is that the actual act of vocalizing the hidden words via beaks , or mouths , or any other such flapping fleshy organ is utterly meaningless . they are just words , vibrations in whatever medium the species exists in , nothing more . the key to their perceived power instead comes from the interface between the biological quantum systems in their brains and the universal quantum network . the actual words are different in every species but the series of quantum information transferred is largely the same format in every circumstance . newline newline unfortunately due the usually accidental nature of discovering these words and the potential catastrophic consequences of their use several species have annihilated themselves before realising what they had done . one such case was the naskrug people of epsilonurdandi 4 . an individual by the name of nahorth stubbed his appendage while late for work on a monday and accidentally issued the command to replace epsilonurdandi 4 with a rather large potted flower  nting45ghin  . newline newline however , not all of these accident result in catastrophe . one such case is that of the human people of the little known world gammathanta 3 . one of the primitive primates named hubrian was preparing for a celibacy ritual when he unwittingly discovered the command to delete sections of reality  zperd76ahnn  . he initially was unaware of this discovery as it coincidentally manifested within the sustenance storage container he carried so , like most species , assumed he had consumed it previously and simply forgotten . hubrian only became aware the discovery when again reviewing material for the celibacy ritual accidentally deleted several members of a higher caste . hubrian would later go on to conquer much of gammathanta 3 . newline newline in this textbook it is authors intent to inform students of the ...the halls were so silent that gabe  s footsteps produced a dull echo the likes of which he had never heard before . the paper of the memo in his aged hands crinkled softly , distinctly , as he walked , eyes forward , even as he passed one empty alcove after another . in years past , these corridors would have been brimming with activity : manufacturing , a new development here , something bright and innovative there , quality assurance , recalls and redistributions . now , just empty halls and the sound of an old man  s footsteps . the sun shone as brightly as ever through the windows , but the factory floor had gone silent , a testament to work long since finished , save for one last detail . newline newline the elevator doors were wide and welcoming , and gabe pressed the button for the familiar seventh floor , the executive level . in the past gabe always preferred to use the stairs , they kept him spry , but these days even he would admit that he wasn  t in the same condition that he used to be . like the faithful old factory around him , he was ready to rest . he drew his readers from his pocket , bringing them up to the bridge of his nose and holding the one remaining ear piece for stability in lieu of letting them rest unevenly on his face . the missive was simple and to the point , the sort of thing that he wouldn  t have been bothered with in the past  not his department , after all  but as the one left behind to declare the work complete , certain minutia had made its way into his purview . newline newline gabe squinted as the elevator doors opened again , sliding his glasses back into his breast pocket . it always took a few moments to adjust to the lighting in the governor of development  s office , but things seemed particularly brighter today . as always , gabe focused on the figure in the middle of it all and soldiered forward , undeterred . there was business to attend to . newline newline the governor turned , smiling the same warm smile that she had greeted him with on his first day . while most would have expected a man in her position , the governor had always been content to defy those expectations , being all things to all people  cordial and familiar with everyone , and close with but a few . the consensus around the factory was that she looked like angela bassett , but in a private moment years ago she had confided in gabe that it was the other way around . no matter . gabe simply knew her as the one who always greeted him with a smile and a warm arm around his shoulders , and today was no different . newline newline  what have we here ?  she asked , in a way that made gabe suspect that she already knew . newline newline  one final recall ,  he said , handing the missive to her .  but there  s a problem . it  s a return , not a redistribution.  newline newline  you don  t say ,  the governor murmured , looking the slip of paper over , front and back . the implications of the statement were either lost on her , or left her unfazed . newline newline  but , if it  s a return , then that would make him the last of them.  newline newline  it would ,  she nodded , moving to take a seat behind her desk , turning the chair towards the large picture window . newline newline  but , if he  s the last , well  gabe paused . she knew the system  hell , she invented it . couldn  t she see the issue ?  if he  s the last , then there  s no one to do good for , no one to do bad to . hehe  ll always be a zerosum . a return.  newline newline  always making declarations , gabriel . i  ve told you , not everything is so cut and dry ,  the governor said , and he was certain he could hear her smile in her voice . newline newline  that  s why you hired me , maam  to pass along decrees . they tend to be fairly  newline newline  i suppose we  ll just have to get someone new for him ,  she said , her words giving gabe pause . newline newline the old gentleman shifted his weight back and forth for a long moment . surely she knew that production was down , and had been down since the factory produced its quota . she , more than anyone , would know the painstaking efforts and labor required to bring things back into full swing . so , then newline newline  was this a part of the plan all along ?  he asked . newline newline  i prefer to think of it as a pleasant surprise ,  she said , turning her chair around with the same warm smile that always meant that things were well in hand . newline newline  but , ma  am , to start all over again  we don  t have the resources to  newline newline  gabriel , gabriel , gabriel ,  she stopped him , shaking her head .  i just need one of his ribs . i  ve done this before , you know.  newlineyou can do this ,  i thought to myself as i stood up . newline newline  currick , john . it is your turn to present ,  said a stonefaced teacher in a lecture hall of hundreds . newline newline everything was in slow motion as i walked toward the center of the room . newline newline 1920th century history was the most infamous class at westluna university . that was mainly because the professors had decided to teach it in the style of the times . we started the semester out in a one room schoolhouse . now we were in a gaudy looking lecture hall with hundreds of faces in it . of course , most were holograms , but the memory chip required to be implanted to take the class made you overlook that detail . it also made you overlook the fact that everything was a completion grade . just within the classroom , of course . outside , the chip had no effect . newline newline you ca nt do worse than tim . you ll be fine .  newline newline tim had just stuttered through a speech on early 21st century ethics . he had tried to argue that the treatment of animals and eating of meat in general was the greatest moral failing of the time . all i got out of it was something about africa needing meat and everyone else killing pigs too slow . newline newline horrible ? yes . worst ? no . newline newline ashley had been unfortunate enough to be assigned men s rights . that had been comical . she probably would nt have failed in the time period though . professors generally passed prettier students according to the holodrives i studied from . newline newline dan absolutely nailed his speech on how women were oppressed . unfortunately , his time period was off by about 40 years . newline newline but now it was me . newline newline i cleared my throat . newline newline  during thecough coughduring the early 20th century , a major failing of society was the idea of equality .  newline newline i was greeted by silence . newline newline  people ,  i said again , confidence returning to my voice ,  are not equal . they do nt have the same skills , they do nt have the same strength , the do nt have the same knowledge . even the science at the time showed genetics played a huge part in what one was good at . the entire idea of equality was one of selfishness and one of coddling .  newline newline i paused . the professor had a smirk on his lips . newline newline  for because of this , disappointment and pride were conditioned from birth to be perfectly normal , acceptable vices ,  i said , losing my place on the paper . i had stayed up too late studying for this last night . newline newline  why was this even considered true ? the president of one of their countries and a homeless man do not have the same value . if they had to choose one to die , people would not have hesitated in their choice . now some would argue that the homeless man may have been loved by someone , giving him greater value in an emotional sense . however , they fail to see that people loved the president too . the presidents at the time all had families . was their love less real because of luxury ?  newline newline i let it sink in . the professor was actually smiling now . newline newline  in early america , during the 17 and 1800s , it was partly a religious concept : that all men were created equal and were equal in their unworthiness of salvation . now this can be argued , but not proved . and by the 21st century , the society had very much separated their government and their religion . yet their government still heavily supported this odd ideal of equality .  newline newline the professor cut me off at this point ,  excellent ! excellent , john !  newline newline sweet relief trickled down my spine . newline newline  it s too bad i have to fail you !  newline newline lightning struck my stomach as i nearly fainted from the thought . what would i do if i failed out of college ? college was the only option ! newline newline  wwhy , sir ?  i stuttered out . newline newline  because i disagree with you ,  he said ,  in fact , you all fail because i disagree with all of you !  newline newline murmurs and screams of panic spread throughout the lecture hall until the teacher turned the memory chips off and we realized it was just a completion grade . i wiped the sweat from my forehead and smiled ruefully and our teacher . newline newline  this ,  he said ,  is the greatest moral failing of the early 21st century  an opinion could not be enjoyed or evaluated fairly apart from your own . it is the idea that you are always right and doubt is a weakness instead of a strength . despite some religions even teaching doubt to be a tool of strengthening at the time , society as a whole viewed life in 2 dimensions : wrong and right . of course , my opinion probably has some bias in it , since i am an educator and that area suffered the most because of this moral failing . therefore , i invite you all to make your own conclusions in the spirit of correcting past mistakes !  newline newline and with that , the hologram of fake students vanished . the other three real students , the professor , and i left the room for lunch . you know , i always wondered ,  she said , giving the words space to breathe  why you made me watch all those episodes of ghost whisperer . it s all starting to make sense now .  newline newline i laughed , as it had always been , and gave her the brightest smile i could muster .  oh please , you know you liked it .  newline newline she grinned back at me , biting her lower lip slightly as if to not concede to a full smile .  does nt mean it was good . but it was better than that other show ,  she said , snapping her fingers to jog her memory  you know , the one with the blonde .  newline newline  medium ,  i responded , instantly picking up on her train of thought newline newline  yeah that s the one ,  she said  not even being an actual ghost could redeem that show .  newline newline i felt happy for a moment .  i m glad we can still talk like this ,  i said ,  like we used to , you know ?  newline newline she turned her face over to look me in the eyes , with those brilliant amber gems , a sad smile creeping up her face .  me too , karen ,  she said softly  but these onioncutting ninja s are really ruining the mood . i had finally figured it all out  and roland was not there ! it was rare for the old scholar to be out of his study on an afternoon like this . he had even left the outside door open , and his black cat bayard was idly stalking a frog that had just wandered in . i threw bayard into the library , the frog back outside , closed the door , and sank into the plushy armchair holding tightly to the ancient box . newline newline the long years of our search passed in front of my eyes as i closed them . i had nt thought much of professor roland back when i first met him  and he had a terrible reputation among my peers to boot . who even studies medieval latin these days ? i was practically forced into his class after a drunken bout made me miss all other opportunities to satisfy that last , pesky distribution requirement . but when he showed up with his long white beard , calm demeanor , and the only extant copy of a breathtaking illuminated manuscript  i was instantly hooked . has it really been 15 years of poring over old tomes together ? it felt more like a single semester . newline newline  and that semester is almost over  i thought proudly while looking at the old box in my lap . just imagine the look on roland s face when i tell him that i , his best student and intellectual heir , had figured out how to unseal it ! looking at it , the handiwork of aelfgar of lindisfarne was very pretty indeed . his contemporaries had acclaimed him as the last true wizard  and it showed . the careful engravings of angels , demons , pentagrams and other occult symbols were interspersed with knobs and protrusions that made the box look almost like the cockpit controls of a modern space shuttle . you could pull and turn and change the configuration in myriad different ways . but you had to be careful with such an old artifact . aelfgar had made three of them , and only two were still extant . we had found them last summer in the claustrophobic confines of an attic in an old english abbey . it was really no problem to get them loaned for research  the parson did not even know he had them , much less appreciated their true value . newline newline but where was that roland already ? ! it s been almost an hour  and i just could nt wait to tell him my brilliant idea . it had been suggested by our conversation the night before , really . roland had casually mentioned his finding that aelfgar had been a follower of saint aedelberht  and as i was sleeping last night my mind s eye had put two and two together , and realized that the symbols on the box were actually the same as those in the aedelberht manuscript , which had deeply puzzled roland and me not three years back . checking my notes this morning confirmed it  the manuscript was the key to opening aelfgar s boxes ! as my mentor was notorious for holding on to loaned materials , i had little doubt that the aedelberht manuscript was still in his possession . newline newline impatience got the best of me at this point , and i started pacing around the room . sheer boredom made me notice a tome that was slightly out of place on my mentor s desk . there was a pentagram on the cover and ... by jove , if it s not the aedelberht manuscript itself ! i smiled triumphantly at my good fortune . last night s discussion had made roland retrieve it , and here was the answer to all my fervent wishes ! newline newline should i wait for the old man ? but who knows when he might be back . for all i know it will be another two hours  and in the meanwhile here i am with the old box and the manuscript ! i might as well try it  if it works i ll show him how to open his own box . with feverish hands i follow the instructions in the old tome , pressing knobs and turning dials . what incredible works of art or wisdom might be sealed inside these amazing boxes ! the thoughts rush through my head as i approach the end of the long sequence . a final turn , and ... is this real ? ! newline newline the box slowly rises up into the air , slowly dissolving as rays of light stream out of it and into my very soul it seems . i can feel something incredibly good and powerful coursing through my veins ... it feels amazing . i can feel ... magic ! ? ! aelfgar ... he was truly the last wizard ... it was his very power that he sealed inside these boxes ! ! ... and now it s mine ... all mine ... it s in me ! i point my hand at the heavy armchair i used a few minutes ago ... and it rises up into the air , obeying my will perfectly . newline newline i am ... a wizard . yeah , me  who would have thought ? ! even the crusty old tome makes sense now . it talks to me about ways to use the power ... i effortlessly absorb all its wisdom ... it talks about ... what ? !  after the ritual is complete , you must recite this incantation while burning the hair of a black cat and the puff of a dandelion . if you do not do so then all your power will seep away and you will turn into ...  newline newline bayaaard ! as i storm into the library i lift the tomcat effortlessly with a surge of my power , and then rush towards roland s garden . i open the door and see it right there while i feel my power draining away  it s a dandelion  it s ... it s ... it s ... newline newline my thoughts stream out my my head as they get replaced by a single sound . newline newline ribbiti stretched my legs , and my arms , and cracked my neck . though this charade was certainly for nought , as i was still in bed , under the soft ... pure black blanket . newline newline i leapt out of bed like a frog , having limbered my appropriate appendages i was quite springy at the time . but that was not the point , that was not the issue at hand . why , o , why were the covers black ? they were green when i went to bed roughly three hours ago ! the bright green sheets with the playful dogs that i d gotten for my birthday . the pups were dying in a sea of oil ! newline newline i ran to my laptop , the clover stickers were solid purple , what is this madness ! a flip , a switch , a press and a click , and a google thrown in there for good measure . bp s logo was blue again ? wait , that did nt matter . i tapped the keys , almost routine now , reddit ... reddit . ah , i clicked on the writingprompts irc chatroom . log in..log in ... newline newline bingo , i was in . i tapped in the letters as fast as i could , mouthing it as i went .  me likes greeeeeen ...  it was grey ! damnations ! newline newline my hands slammed onto the desk , spilling the protein shake onto the now amber mousepad . i drew up my hand in disgust and tried to fling the ... maroon goo off . i slapped my hand across my shirt , streaking the otherwise sky blue with a fine gash of red . my whole body flew to the window , and with all my scrawny strength i pulled . then i realised that s the wrong idea and pushed . then i realised i had to undo the lock . then i realised my window did nt open . newline newline i pressed my face into the glass , glaring downwards at the grass . my shoulders relaxed . it was alright , the grass was still a heavy , flowing green , like fine strands of hair blowing in the wind . the gale was undoubtedly strong , unnaturally so , even the tree in the backyard was waving at me with its head of leaves . newline newline then i saw it . the tide of grey . it pulled over the houses , lawns , gnomes , dogs that had owners with a specific , albeit poor , fashion sense became lathered in a dull , gloomy grey . it came in a flat line , stretched into the horizon as far as my glass would let me see . the grey filled every spot of green , breaking at every other colour . why green ? why green ! i slammed my hands into the window , this made no sense ! newline newline   newline newline deep down in the dank depths of the darkest circle of damnation sat the sinful emperor on his throne of bone . he whistled with glee , the greatest sin of all had just been wrought on the human race , they would never see the colour again ! they had fashioned the words from their tongues to spite him , to shun his influence from their kind . no more ! no more could this be done ! a lesser imp waddled up to the master . newline newline  sir ,  he implored , rubbing his hands together as dictated in the manual of evil , but in a more concerned way .  i..do nt think they really mean that when they say green with envy .  newline newline  silence !  roared the demon lord , rubbing his hands together as stated in the manual of evil . a proper royal rubbing for a proper mad ruler . he lurched back in his throne and rubbed some more as he thought .  today , green ! tomorrow , chartreuse !  the imp sighed .i was lucky  we were almost to the anchorage when we got word of the panic . newline newline no one else in the crew believed it , but i did . it was on too many sources not to be true . the others thought the local tv was a gag , and a few of the radio channels were in on the joke . it was nt until the coast guard stepped on all the traffic on ch13 to let out a continuous notice to mariners that the captain believed it . by then i d already gotten the grinder out and sawed off all the exterior steps and rungs from the weather deck up to the second . newline newline well , naturally , the whole crew wanted off right the hell then , and at the closest dock , too . the captain did nt want to  he was afraid for his license , which he would surely lose if he tied up a red flag diesel barge at the navy s carrier terminal . no one liked him , he was a verbally abusive old asshole who would wake the whole fucking crew just to do a simple barge evolution . so the mate put a fire axe into the back of his head and we made up to the dock . newline newline i was the only one who did nt have family in norfolk , so i cast the lines back off , hurried back to the tug , dogged down all of the watertight doors , and learned to pilot the damn thing . newline newline that was eight months ago , and life has actually been pretty good since then . being the  owner  of one hundred fifty thousand tons of diesel in a world where they re not making any more diesel is a pretty sweet situation to be in . newline newline i traded fuel for a shotgun about two weeks later . more fuel for two cases of shells a week after that . every now and then some jerkass in a blowboat will threaten me instead of trying to trade . you barely even notice the crunch when the barge rolls over them . newline newline but traffic has gotten pretty light this past month . i suppose everyone who s wanted to get in or out of hampton roads has already gotten where they wan na be . newline newline i d heard on the long range channels that there s a settlement of sorts off charleston , south carolina . i ve only used half a ton of fuel so far , but i m down to three cans of cream of mushroom soup and any seagulls that come within range . newline newline the boat and barge are nt rated for the open sea , but fuck it , it s not like anyone s there to ticket me or pull the license i do nt have . i spent a box and a half clearing the weather deck . i tripled the lines . i ve rigged up a pelican hook to the anchor release and run another line from there the whole way down the barge to the tug s wheelhouse . newline newline i m going for it . newline newline wish me luck .her name was alice , and i only knew that because that s what the other barbers always called her . it might ve not even been her real name , but it was a pretty name , and that suited her really well . she had long black hair , always pulled up neatly behind her head . her makeup was always done so perfectly , and though i did nt know much about makeup , i could tell that she was very careful with hers . newline newline she was just as careful with my hair . i always got the same haircut , mostly because i did nt know what else would look good on me . and she did it the same way every time , never even getting close to cutting me . i could tell that she was the type of person who did nt like change . she wanted everything to be the same in her own orderly way . newline newline we made small talk as she did her work , me watching her focused eyes and careful fingers . she was younger than i was , that part was obvious , but it was nt all that difficult to come up with things to say . she was nice , and even if she hated me , i knew she would nt show it . newline newline i wanted more than anything to see her outside of her workplace , to see her with her hair down , to see her not worrying about being so careful . but how could i ever accomplish that ? how could she ever want to be with someone like me ? newline newline alice was young while i was old , and beautiful while i was not , and despite her niceness , she was most likely not afraid to turn someone down . newline newline so instead of making any action to try and get closer to her , i just got my usual haircut every few months and only ever touched her soft skin in my dreams . newline newline but one morning as i looked with horror in my bathroom mirror , i realized that even that would nt be possible soon . i was starting to bald , and eventually , i would have no reason to go to the barber . no reason to see my secret love . newline newline i thought of my possible solutions  i thought of getting hairgrowing pills and hairgrowing lotions and all the other chemicals that could put hair back on my head . the ideas relaxed me , reassuring me that it would all be normal soon . newline newline   newline newline i headed to the store , trying not to worry . what if i wo nt be able to see her again ?  newline newline i thought of myself passing by the barbershop window , not being able to go in , and only being able to see her from outside the glass . i thought of never being able to watch her careful hands and hear her soft voice and watch her hair sway gently from behind her head as she moved and   newline newline wham !  newline newline i was so lost in thought that i had slammed my car into something . it rolled up the windshield with the impact and then fell back onto the ground . i slammed on my breaks , more panicked than i d ever been before . putting my car into park , i hopped out quickly to see what i hit and what damage i did to my car . newline newline my heart broke in two as i saw what i had hit . newline newline  alice ,  i cried weakly . newline newline   newline newline my hair fell from my head slowly ... gently ... never needing attention from careful fingers again .it had been a good life , the ancient nameless one thought as he closed his eyes . there had been feasts and treasures and maidens . there had been ferocious battles and blazing flames . though it had been millenia , the nameless one could remember each moment as though it had happened only days prior . newline newline stretching his long neck , a plume of smoke expiring from his nostrils as he sighed heavily , he turned his mind toward the times when he had failed . there had been several and he was not too afraid or too proud to discount them . some had been especially bad , and it was these , he knew , that he should reflect upon the most . newline newline there had been the young he had tried to protect . special hatchlings that could have attained nighimmortality such as himself , but he had not been able to protect them from the hunters . he had still been young at that time , only a thousand years alive , and the onslaught of knights had overpowered him and slain the young . years later he had taken vengeance upon the kingdoms of the attackers , but the fact remained the same : those special ones had been killed . newline newline the nameless one let out a bellowing , memorial roar for those wouldbe immortals , shaking the black cavern around him . he cried tears of molten gold that streaked his scaled body and laid his head against the warm rock floor . the end was coming soon . newline newline he had once befriended a village who had set out to find him . he remembered them fondly , as though they were his children . they had lain gifts of gold and sacrificed goats by the hundreds for him in exchange for an amicable , philosophical discussion or two and protection from stronger villages and cities . he fought alongside the village  s small army of warriors many times , turning the tide of battle in their favor . however , he could not protect them from time . over several short centuries , the nameless one had watched as the village grew older , poorer , and smaller , until , finally , it had died . newline newline he wailed aloud again , for the hundreds of villagers whose faces were still fresh in his mind . in remembrance , he worked up a ball of fire from deep within him . what emerged was little more than a magician  s cast of light . it had been more and more difficult to belch the flames in these final centuries . the end was coming soon . newline newline the nameless one , his energy and life force leaving him , lay his cold body against the floor , unable to support himself any longer . he wept as he remembered the names and faces and battles and feasts that had been his existence . in particular , he mourned for his own race , who had died not once , but twice . newline newline the first end of the dragons had come with the death of the great elder of the terrific era , almost seven thousand years ago . the nameless one had looked towards the great elder , though he had been far younger . wisdom , the nameless one knew , had nothing to do with age , and the great elder of the terrific era had been one of the most wise entities he had ever known . newline newline the second time the race of dragons died was when they were no longer sought by the race of man . yes , stories were still told of the great beings , but none of the humans truly believed in them any longer . the nameless one had felt the belief in man disappear as a spear penetrating his heart . newline newline now , the nameless one breath laboriously , taking his final breaths . now it is your turn , man . i pass the torch unto you . your kingdom of airplanes and automobiles and skyscrapers . your land of television and celebrities . your wars and protests . your anger and love . they are now the most powerful forces in the world . be careful with them , man . newline newline with these final thoughts , the nameless one closed his eyes . the end had come .i was the ceo of a large , successful and illustrious paper company . i know , paper . it  s not something to boast about when it comes down to a career path egooff with the colleagues , but it paid extremely well . my friends , or shall i say more realistically ,  associates  are really just petty men having been handed big paychecks by their relatives . i didn  t like them , nor did i hate them  i envied them . they led seemingly happy lives with passions and feeling  the smiles on their faces contorting with each emotion they felt  one moment glad , and then the other disappointed . one of my closer associates , whatever than means , had a wife : cordelia . she was textbook beautiful  the contours of her face , sculpted seamlessly symmetrically . she had long luscious lashes fluttering like the wings on a monarch butterfly  her gleaming sapphire eyes stout and observing , motionless , emulating a moonlit lake on a starry , soundless night . cordelia was lovely . she was bold and enchanting , and had a giggle that could melt hearts . mick , her husband , unknowingly was her bottomless atm . much like me , she was similarly gone . i could see through the charm and flattery  she could see through me too . newline newline newline  hello , darling.  she said with puckered lips . mick blushed .  cory , would you mind taking the car home earlier today ? i have some extra work that needs to be done . oh , actually ,  mick flustered , looking thwarted by his forgetfulness .  i have poker night with the guys today . i  m sorry honey . i  ll get you something tomorrow . a new dress perhaps ?  he sported a sheepish grin in attempt to get on her  good  side . newline  fine then ,  cory pouted ,  suit yourself.  she stood up slowly ever so slightly moaning seductively , revealing a sliver of panty . just enough , however , to tickle mick  s leaking lust reservoir  he looked at cordelia leave with desperate admiration . newline newline newline    newline newline newline  jeremy , love . please don  t make the discussion about mick . we  ve talked about this way too many times . he is a great guy , he just can  t handle himself . he  s still a boy.  newline newline newline  yes , alright  i said , looking intently at cory . i took a sip of wine and continued ,  what about this new pill they  ve been talking about ? i think we should go ahead and give it a try . it could give us something new , something else to talk about other than politics and mick.  newline newline newline  yes  she pondered the idea .  i have a friend that i could talk to.  cory placed her knife and fork on the table , and looked me in the eyes .  what do you think it feels like , you know , to feel something for others ? to have empathy for your family.   i really don  t know.  i responded quickly .  exciting seems to fit that description.  my lips curled up weakly , hoping that my facial expression mirrored something other than monotony , and more along the lines of ,  do this for me , please.  newline newline newline we sat in silence eating our lavish lemony salmon dish . dessert was a small homemade sundae with hot melted chocolate drooling over the creamy winter vanilla : it was delicious . when cory had left we had agreed to test the pill at least once , for adventures sake . cordelia had contacts all around the city . she was well known and respected in her field  ironically specialising in psychology : she worked as a therapist . not only that , but mick surprisingly , was also extremely well connected , mainly because his father was well respected , but that didn  t make a difference to me . newline newline newline    newline newline newline a week had passed by since our dinner date and it was time to pop the pill . i met cory outside of the pharmacy .  ready ?  she asked as we met each other  s gaze from across the parking lot . i nodded . usually things never bothered me . i had never had sleeping problems ever , not even after my mom had passed away when i was 14 : she died in a car crash  it was brutal : none survived . but this was different . i didn  t feel anything per say , but something was stirring , nothing that i had ever really felt before . it had taken me 20 minutes more than usual to fall asleep , partially because i could not get this image of cory out of my head  we were both smiling , looking longingly at each other almost like there was a warm aura around us . newline newline newline we stepped into the building simultaneously  the sterile scent of purell filled my nostrils .  what was i doing taking pills for personal problems ,  i thought  the idea had intruded on my basic personal values : only weak people take mental pills . i looked at cory who seemed to be thinking along the same lines . i nodded again . we stepped into one of the back rooms where an elderly man was standing holding two pills , exactly identical  he was beaming , rocking back and forth on the balls of his feet . newline newline newline  hello !  said the man . he looked down on the clipboard laying on the table ,  jeremy and cordelia , yes ?  we nodded .  great . my name is dr. sykes and i will be guiding you along this ground breaking discovery . shall we get started ?  without waiting for a reply he walked briskly passed us , pulled up two chairs from the back , and gestured for us to sit down .  now , this is something that i have been working on for a very long time , and i think that i have perfected it . according to both of your files you two don  t seem to respond in typical human responses when faced with significant struggles in a person  s life , yes ?  he eyed us both , squirming with excitement .  as you can see , i am experiencing what people would call excitement.  i looked at cory who looked back . somehow we knew exactly what the other was thinking ,  this guy was looney.  newline newline newline  before you take the pill however , i want to tell you exactly what might happen to you both . the idea for this pill is to penetrate your emotional defences . it is a very mental process but i think you two will have no problems coping . this will seriously turn your life upside down  i guarantee it ! the pill takes about ten minutes to take effect so i want you both to clear your mind , take the pill and sit around with your eyes closed . i will be taking the time so you know when to open them . any questions ?  newline newline newline i didn  t really know what to say . on a normal day i would tell this guy to shut up and have a glass of whiskey , but something about the pill made me hold back . how was i going to react ? this was the first time that anybody had made a choice in my life  this was the first time i let another person dictate a significant event in my life . it was uncomfortable . cory shifted in her seat , also clearly troubled by the implication of getting dictated by a complete stranger . newline i grabbed the glass of water in front of me , placed the pill on my tongue , and swigged it . i closed my eyes . i heard cory exhale and the sound of a glass being placed on a table . she had taken it too . it was only a matter of time now . unbeknownst to me it was at this moment where my life  s perspective , and the lives of millions around the globe , would be drastically altered into perpetual euphoria . newline newline newline i waited , and waited , and waited . i could hear the soft sound of cory  s breathing and the frenzied rumble of dr. sykes  scribbling . five minutes had passed and i felt no different . i presumed my stomach had just now started digesting the contents of the pill and i closed my mind again . another minute passed by . an image flashed in my head , and as fast as it had arrived , it disappeared . i felt a jolt in my stomach  i flinched . my heartbeat quickened  what was going on ? my breathing intensified , it was getting deeper and deeper . my lungs started to quiver and i felt like i was about to hyperventilate . newline newline newline  ahhh !  , screamed cory . she was breathing very fast , much like myself . i opened my eyes and looked straight at her bewildered . i don  t know what had gotten into me but i couldn  t stop myself from speaking  i blurted out ,  cory ! are you ok ? what  s going on ?  she turned to me wide eyed , grabbed my hand and squeezed it . she was warm and sweaty  her hands tightened with remarkable strength around my fingers . we had never so much as touched each other before  we had on occasion rubbed shoulders in the hallway when she visited the office but never were we intimate . cory opened her mouth , colour was spreading across her flawless face ,  i thi i thi ,  she stammered ,  i can feel something ! i i i feel you !  newline newline newline i felt it too . there was a deep rooted knot in my stomach . i couldn  t speak anymore . the situation felt way too real . my face was hot , sweat started beating down my face . memories of loved ones flashed across my mind . we stood up chorus , and faced each other . slowly and certainly we moved closer and closer . my hands spread across her slim waist : she quivered with pleasure . our noses touched . we pressed our bodies against each other . i stared straight into her deep blue ocean eyes  waves were crashing , the sun was shining and nothing could be better . i wanted her . i desired her . i needed cordelia daise . newline newline newline cory  s arms swung up and knotted themselves around my neck . she moved in closer and closed her eyes  i closed mine . time had stopped  there was nothing but me and cordelia . her lips , soft , wet and luscious sealed themselves around my own . kissing her was the best moment of my life . i caressed her trembling physique  moving my hands down i lifted her up and laid her down on the desk in front of us . raising her hands i removed her blouse , now with confidence and grace . we could not get enough of each other . newline newline newline the time we stayed in that back room was timeless  it could have been an hour , it could have been two hours but that made no difference . cory and i were sprawled on the floor , giggling with newly liberated desires . we bounced out of the pharmacy with invigorated vitality , like a pair of adolescence in their turbulent teens . our hands were clasped together as one ready to take on the world  our perceptions of the world reformed for the greater good . newline newline newline : p newlinei picked up the dress , running my hands over the smooth , luxurious satin as the colour danced from blue to grey to green with each flicker of the light . it was gorgeous  i had never seen anything like it , with its form fitting bodice and long , graceful , skirt . such opulence could only have belonged to a woman ten times richer than me , and , in truth , it could only flatter a woman of rare beauty . i stood there , bewitched by what i had stumbled upon , and made slightly dizzy by the power that i held in my hands . i had to try it on  i had to see her with my own eyes , the one who had worn this dress . newline newline as i made my way over to the changing room , i bumped into a little old lady .  excuse me dear ,  she said , not unkindly , a twinkle in her eye . i was sure i had seen her before , but before i had time to ask her she had already hobbled away and out of the shop . the bell tinkled as the door closed behind her . it left me with a funny feeling  as if i had seen a ghost . i shrugged it off , though . newline newline i looked in the mirror . the dress fit me perfectly . a gorgeous , youthful woman stared back , her eyes a vivid , sparkling blue , her hair a mass of long brown curls that tumbled elegantly down her back . my back . i turned to the side , admiring them , as the skirt swished and twirled beneath my feet . newline newline something fell out of the dress . i heard it fall softly at my feet . a note . with my name at the top . newline newline  newline newline jemma , newline newline we know your secret . it is ours too . newline newline we know you are lonely . about the problems you  re having at home . that you are bunking off school . in fact , we know everything about you . newline newline we do not want to hurt you . we want to help you , and we think you could help us too . newline when you leave this shop , turn left and keep walking until you reach the end of the street . one of our associates will be waiting for you by the old church . and when you  re there , all will be explained . we promise you this . you will find out the reason for your powers . and we will teach you how to use them . newline newline we hope you make the right choice . newline newline  newline newline there was only one thing for me to do . i threw on the only other outfit i had with me , grabbed my bag , took a deep breath , and ran . newlinei woke up with a huge gasp . newline newline  hello . breathe slowly . you have finished your simulation .  newline newline what ? what in the fuck ? newline newline  your readings have been taken . all data has been compiled .  newline newline data ? readings ? where the fuck am i ? ! newline newline  breathe slowly .  newline newline to hell with that . newline newline  begin next simulation .  newline newline wait , what ? newline newline  next simulation in 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 ,   newline newline hey wait a min newline newline blinding light . stuff in my throat . ca nt see properly . food . newline newline  hello . helloo . how are you ? oh sweet little thing  newline newline cry . forget . cry . cry . scream . forgetting . cry . newline newline  aw it s okay baby . do nt cry now , mama s here .  newline newline cry . forget . cry . forgotten . cry . smile . i  ve been waiting for you.  the man announces in a deep american accent .  i know.  the stranger replied . the man stares for a while , warms his hands and asks ,  do you have the equipment ?  the stranger reaches into his coat pulls out a small rectangular box ,  that  s it ?  the man asked , the stranger gazed at the man , got up and left . newline newline the man looked at the box ,  this is tiny.  he mumbles , he decides to open it , the top splits into two flaps that reveals the contents of the box : a small piece of what seemed to be plastic with a note that read ,  you know what to do.  the man stopped and thought to himself ,  i  m ready.  newline newline the snow is falling heavily now the man pulls his coat closer to his neck , he continues to trudge through the snow . the piece of plastic starts to vibrate , the man stops dead in his tracks , he takes the piece of plastic and inserts it into his ear , the piece spoke ,  listen old boy , i know what  s at risk here , but if this succeeds than it could be the end of this godforsaken war . you can go home , to your family , so chin up and make this count !  the man didn  t reply , he didn  t need to . he grinned to himself , pulled up his mask and started picking up the pace , his feet hit the fresh white sheet like atomic bombs with mushroom clouds of snow . the compound was just up ahead , the man checked his watch ,  ten to one , i still have time.  with the gate slowly closing the man transitioned into a sprint and like a predator onto his prey he pounced , he hit the floor with a roll and the gate slammed behind him only revealing darkness . newline newline the man stood up and removed his coat , he smacked his hands against his chest looking for a source of light and then , click ! the room illuminated with a greenish light , revealing rows and rows of automated machines ,  what in hell ?  the man asked himself . he started to proceed , it was like the machines were watching him . they are tall , with a large torso , that has two arms and two legs , in the centre of the torso is a circle that resembles an eye . newline newline the man had his mission and he knew that , he kept moving forward until he reached a tall metallic door ,  this must be it.  he said silently , he moved closer to the door , there was a small handshaped hole next to it , the man knew what to do , he reached for the assortment of gadgets attached to his torso and grabbed a silver tool and placed it on the wall , it made three quiet beeps , the door began to open making a loud clanking noise , he was through . newline newline the room on the other side was all but empty except for a single tower in the centre of the room , the man entered the room and there was a small buzzing again in his ear ,  remember old boy , you need to do this in a certain order or you will jeopardise the mission and never see your family again !  newline newline the man took a breath and approached a terminal at the base of the tower , the screen read ,  welcome the intella corporation.  the man knew all of his training led to this moment . he touched the screen the logo faded out and the computer asked for a name and password , the man entered the credentials given to him by a man on the inside , the screen flashed red and it was like the compound came to life . newline newline the man heard the machines rising up behind him , he knew it was all over , he sat down and pictured his family , his son , daughter and beautiful wife . there was buzzing in his ears ,  get out , old bean !  the man knew that there was no hope , he removed the small piece of plastic from his ear and threw it across the room , behind the man the machines were getting closer and then , silence . a faint voice shouts in the distance ,  it  s not over yet !  the man  s eyes begin to close and then , darkness newlinei leaned back into my seat at the arena , this was going to be unforgettable . did i feel bad for not being able to participate ? no way in hell ! i was just a spectator , sure some had assigned sides but me ? pure neutral all the way , i do my job and make sure everyone has fun , no place for me in this type of thing . i looked to the girl to my right , pretty dame , probably an extra in a visual novel , to my left some sort of old polygon based model , it was only minutes til the match started . newline newline  hey , who s your bet on ?  it was the girl to my right , newline  probably baddies ... too many gods and villains who need a specific chosen one to defeat them  newline  really ? i thought the goods had too many freakishly strong guys with more bullets than they can handle , plus ! have you heard the rumor ?  she seemed positively gleaming newline  careful girl , you show too much emotion and the fans will put you on a side or another and you ll have to fight ...  i kept my voice to a whisper newline  the good guys are using cheat codes  she whispered back newline  you re joking right ?  i had jumped from my seat , and a ruckus had began from the arena newline newline the characters had started pouring in , from the northward corner , good guys , ranging from muscular men with so many guns they could be built from bullets , to sneaking but well meaning rogues , to platformers and protagonists who seemed completely unable to fight . newline newline from the south , bad guys , near our seating and my god they where more of them , mooks a plenty and massive aliens and gods towering above . i sat down quickly , trying not to draw attention . newline newline  what do you mean cheats ?  i whispered to the girl newline  well you know how the pc s are generally the good guys right ?  newline  duh  newline  well what does pc mean ?  newline  player character  newline  and thus players , and players mean people trying to exploit the games  newline  crap  newline newline i looked back up to the arena , the one hitters , visual novelists and casual games had all been destroyed , meaning the baddies had been put down quite a bit . the puzzlist had been doing quite well , they had teamed up with the simulation game makers and had started level building in a way nonpuzzlers would nt be able to get through . newline newline suddenly a loud noise crashed from overhead and i could of sworn i had gone deaf , space ships from the size of a cat to the size of a planet where overhead engaging in combat , bombs , nukes and all sort of lasers were lighting up the skies , high res to low res . the previously unmoving bunch of polygons beside me had begun lighting up , i think he recognized his game . newline newline the two sides clashed for what seemed like eternity until it hit a stalemate , multiple members of both sides cheating and making it impossible to win , newline  i told you something like this would happen  i felt the corners of my cheeks droop newline  not if i can help it  i stood up from my seat and went towards the ledge of the arena about to drop into the cheater s game newline  wait what the hell are you doing ? !  newline  hey what else do you know about multiplayer ?  newline  huh ? what the hell are you talking about ?  newline  it requires admins  i grinned and jumped down from the railing , ready to set these cheaters straight newline newlinethe man always took this path . just a mere 100 miles , it was the fastest way from his town to the next . with his horse he could make it in 3 days . newline newline newline he shrugged the bag back over his shoulder , the cold wind blowing sand in his eyes . newline he hated this , every second spent on the road was one second where his family , his friends , everyone that he knew , spent dying of hunger . the village head gave him the last of the town s food and told him to get to the next town , to get food for the rest of them , to save them . newline newline newline his stomach growled , the pain of hunger was taking him too , albeit slowly . his mind shifted to the 2 loaves of bread in his bag . the man was tempted , but he could nt eat them . newline newline newline he had 2 more days to go . newline newline newline as he rode his horse the desert wind whipped up the sand all along his path . he could have sworn that he could make out the silhouette of animals all around him , but he knew that was impossible . newline newline newline nothing had been able to live out here for centuries . the last animals had died over hundreds of years ago , right after the world had gone to hell . he shuddered . newline newline newline if he was nt fast enough his town would soon join them . newline newline newline  newline newline newline the wind grew harsher and harsher as time ticked on . a storm was coming , it seemed as if they always were . they ripped up the meager crops that the village could produce . they tore down the houses that the men in the village worked months on like paper . newline newline newline the man paused . his horse was exhausted . he was , too . but he could nt stop yet , if the storm hit him he would be lost in it , costing his village precious time . he had to find cover . newline newline newline he knew exactly where to go . newline newline newline  newline newline newline the giant monument was pointed to the sky . it was a reminder of times long past , times lost to the beating passage of time . the man wondered if the people of that time had problems too , if the monument was pointed to the sky to distract them of the problems down below . newline newline newline but he would never know . the monument which must have once gleamed in the sun was eroded by the wind , just a mountain of dirt now . whoever had made this had died centuries ago . the village head claimed that they were made by gods who had escaped to the stars years ago . newline newline newline the man thought different . these monuments were here at the time the world went to hell . it was made by his ancestors . that was who they were . newline newline newline startled out of his thoughts by a clap of thunder in the distance , the man rode in the direction of the monument . these days it had little purpose but for shelter from the elements . the man shuddered , it mattered not who made the monument . all that was left behind from them now were broken pieces of their culture and a world in ruin . newline newline newline the man rode on , the storm was getting stronger . he was the last hope of his people .it never ends , this shit . newline newline i mean i get it , the government does the best that they can , trying to track down where every serial rapist and murderer will wake up . there just are nt enough people willing to go around interviewing people and track the bastards  days in reverse . the good ones that are left , the ones who are willing to try , they eventually get assigned to detaining the worst of them . newline newline newline it s the same day , but we re getting older . our bodies are nt changing , but you can see it people s eyes . we ve all seen the world , or at least one day s snapshot of it . i ll never see the new river gorge bridge when the fog rolls in , and i ll never see another volcano erupt , but that s because i stay away from mount st. helens  although my heart goes out to the emergency responders who rotate which people they can save in time  . you wan na see hopelessness ? talk to the people who wake up every morning and try to explain to their kids that they re going to burn to death or be suffocated by ash at 12:43 every day but tuesdays  not to say that tuesday really exists , but you get the point  . they ll tell their kids  this is all pretend . only tuesdays are real ,  and they ll pretend to believe their kids when they stare out the window and answer ,  okay .  those people are pretty much the only ones that still fly these days . the airlines , like most businesses , stopped charging after the first month of today , but not many people fly any more . you d think that no one would work anymore , but it actually keeps a lot of people sane . they just do nt charge anymore , because the concept of money makes this all too cruel to some people . not that it matters , i only know one person religious enough not to have killed herself yet . she s been raped and murdered a few times  like the rest of us  , but that only hardened her resolve to keep living  keep helping people . she still believes this is an elaborate test , and i envy her . newline newline newline i also envy the people who make my coffee every evening at the library , where i go to practice my fluency in the few languages i still have nt perfected . my mom s one of the sleepers . some people just ca nt handle these things . they ve seen too much , or not enough , i do nt know . they wake up , check the weather , and if they do nt see rain , snow , sun , or whatever it is they are nt used to seeing , they just go back to bed . they do nt even eat breakfast . newline newline tomorrow s today , i ll wake up , eat breakfast , say goodbye to the family , run a mediocre marathon and finish with a stress fracture since my body never changes . then i ll go ahead and volunteer with whatever world problem we ll pretend to solve that day . i ll find someone new to sleep with . someone who still smiles when they go out . we ll get just the right amount of drunk and fuck somewhere outdoors with a view . and see how close we can make it to sunrise . no one ever has , and we ll wonder why . newline newline newline then , then i ll wake up next to my wife , and we ll exchange stories . i love you ,  she said to me in a soft whisper . that was the first of the three lies she would tell me that night .  ... i promise ,  she added , in an attempt to sound convincing . my gaze had been settled blankly on a dark patch of ceiling . the bedroom was pitch black with the only illumination emanating from the alarm clock . i spun to face away from her , silent , emotions whirling in my head like a tornado of confusion . newline newline  i know ,  i muttered mostly to placate her , but i knew this would not be the end of it . she reached up her hand to place on my arm . the warmth of her touch , previously so comforting , felt tainted . instinctively i had retreated from this contact , but immediately i knew this was a mistake . newline newline she sat up swiftly .  is that really still bothering you so much ?  her voice was indignant , and her tone quite elevated from the whispers she had been employing prior .  i told you , i do nt care about what you ve done . you should forgive yourself , too , and quit letting your selfprescribed penance become a burden on those who care for you .  there was another brief moment of quiet , and she let out a sigh of exasperation .  i just ... i do nt know what to do .  that was the second of the three lies . she leaned over me in the blackness of the bed , placing a hand on each side of my silhouette . i could feel her weight shifting around , and when it had stopped , she was whispering once more .  wo nt you answer me ?  newline newline i could nt find the words . i knew , deep down , that her desire to stay with me was not her own  she believed even deep down that it was , but she was not aware enough to understand that obligation is not the foundation of a lasting relationship . we had built our lives around each other for so many years , and out of some desperation i had let my good fortune blind me to what i truly yearned for . having her around had helped me alleviate my sense of worthlessness , but in recent days i had found that outside affirmation was only a crutch that i could not rely on forever . i had to seek comfort in my own actions , and know that what i was doing was what i wanted  i had followed through with these urges , and some of them had been , as she put it , morally questionable .  newline newline when the minutes passed and i had failed to answer her , she climbed out of the bed . i could hear the faint rustling sounds of her getting dressed , but i made no move to stop her . she made her way to the bedroom door , but paused before she could grasp the handle . it was as though leaving now would signify something awful that had been brewing in the back of her mind , like a wild animal she was hiding in the broom closet that would claw and scratch and howl until it could no longer be ignored . she eventually grasped the handle and pulled the door open ever so slightly . with a brief glance and a crack in her voice that sounded as though she was suppressing a sob , i could make out the words  ... be back shortly .  newline newline the next morning as i gazed in horror at the wreckage that had been her car , mangled and sundered in the accident that had occurred the night before , my brain tore itself apart . all the emotions i had been feeling up to this point were entirely replaced with guilt . the voices of the policemen and paramedics that offered words of consolation and sympathy washed right over me . the din of the scene was distant , and i heard only the echo of her final words clearly in my head .  be right back ,  she had said . it was then that i encountered the horrible revelation that those words had been her third , and final , lie .i feel the heat . i hear the screams . in space , unlikely . home , for everyone i ve known and never known , is gone . this group of experts , astronauts , scientists , and politicians is all that remain . then there s me , a lottery winner . i should have stayed with the rest of them . i only entered the damn thing for the cash prize . money won that means nothing now . newline leading up to the lottery , everyone thought they had a chance . a 1 in 7 billion chance for a trip to the iss and 50 million dollars cash upon return . sound too good to be true ? newline after it settles in , dr. lewis gathers the last survivors of earth . he starts off by listing the possible reasons why the planet imploded . i listen to his words , but do nt really hear what he is saying . newline  this could have been prevented ...  he finishes . the only words i truly heard . newline i knew in my mind that we had a few weeks , maybe months until we would run out of supplies . so did they . then what ? we were only delaying the inevitable . there was nowhere to go .i look back at all the fun times i had with georgie . always getting in to some sort of mischief . nobody ever believed me when i said georgie knocked the vase over , or pushed the neighbour kid over . it  s hard to be an only child with an imaginary brother . nobody ever believes it was somebody but you . i imagine his smile , his brown hair , the freckles , his stupid laugh , and the charm that just dripped from his mouth . newline newline it  s stupid now , i had real friends , i grew up , got girlfriends , lost friends , got more friends , colleagues , bosses , promotions , a wife , a couple kids , the whole nine yards . georgie was still my favourite person . there  s no bond like that of a brother . no one ever came that close , of course i love my family . i can  t seem to shake goergie  s carefree , gungho , take no prisoners attitude . he always knew how to live for himself . newline newline when i was a kid , i  d always listen to his stupid  advice   always . one thing is for certain : it got me in trouble every time . the time he told me go on the roof and i ended up breaking my leg . when he got me to tell my parents to go  fuck themselves.  they still remind me about that one . at first i guess they were worried , they both worked long hours , there were few kids around the neighbourhood so they excused it a little bit . they were so relieved when i started making real friends . nothing ever seemed as real as georgie . he taught me so much , a lesson learned for every piece of bad advice . as i grew up i slowly forgot about georgie , it all seemed so stupid . newline newline that laugh i never forgot that laugh . after work me and a couple friends decide to watch the boxing match over at some sleazy bar . my wife hated bars , we had that in common . so i call her and tell her i  m staying out after work for a couple drinks with jake and morris . got to stay in the good books . round one is over and then i hear it , that laugh . my head whips over to the other side of the room . our eyes lock . i tell jake and morris , i  ll catch up with them in a minute . a million thoughts , memories , and questions flood through my head . i can  t pick out a single one . that smile , i can  t just go back now pretend i didn  t see him . every inch forward he just gets clearer and clearer . newline newline  long time no see ! how the fuck are ya ! ?  he always knew what to say , that charm of his .  look i know this is awfully weird seeing me here , what do you say we head outside for a minute we have to talk.  i nod , i  m an awkward little boy again . we chat , catch up , exchange phone numbers , and he has a small request . now i  m sitting in a pool of my wife  s blood and georgie isn  t picking up his phone . i  d always listen to georgie always . newline newline  reddit noob here , love the idea of this subreddit , this is my first one ! at age fifteen , lana thought of herself as old . all the other girls who belonged to daddy cash were younger than her . the new girl , pixie , was only eleven . newline newline lana watched pixie , standing just a few feet down on the track , and a car stopped in front of her . pixie  s girlish giggle made lana queasy . she walked further up the strip , adjusting her top slightly so it showed a line of skin above her skirt . she looked back towards pixie , but she had already gotten into the car and it drove past lana . she watched them drive and then turn right , toward the closest motel . newline newline that left only lana . the others , jackie and vixen , already found their first trick of the night too . lana fumbled in her clutch and pulled out her newports . she had quit a few times , but sometimes she didn  t even know why . she wouldn  t live long enough to get lung cancer , anyway . she lit the cigarette and felt the side of her head where she  d gotten eleven stitched the year before . sometimes the tricks got violent . newline newline sometimes daddy cash got violent . not that she called him daddy , not anymore . she didn  t even refer to him as  boyfriend  anymore , like the other girls did . lana thought of him as what he was : a pimp . she knew he was using her , and these other girls . sometimes she thought she only went back to him because she had nowhere else to go . lana took another drag of her cigarette . no , she couldn  t lie to herself that much . a part of her still loved him . a part of her still believed he loved her too . how many times had she left him ? newline newline and no matter what , cash always welcomed her back .  this is your home ,  he told her .  i  m your family , kiddo.  that  s family , lana knew . no one else in her whole life had ever done that to her . hell , her own mother wouldn  t welcome lana back if lana was bleeding to death on her front porch . lana felt guilty for doubting cash  s love for her sometimes . so what if he was a pimp ? so what if he was using her ? everyone uses everyone . newline newline  hey , babydoll ,  a man  s voice said out of the car that pulled up to her . she leaned over , looking at the man in the car . he looked like a cop . she couldn  t pinpoint one specific thing that made her think this , she just felt it in her gut .  how much ?  newline newline  how much for what ?  she said . she stepped away from the car .  have a nice night , officer . nothing  s for sale here.  newline newline  i  m not a cop ,  the man said . newline newline  sure ,  lana said .  have a nice night , then , whoever you are.  newline newline  i  ve got  500 ,  the man said , and lana leaned forward again . he pulled the money out of a pocket in his jacket .  what do you say ?  newline newline if she brought home  500 , she could call it a night . that would make cash happy . lately she hadn  t been making that much . the night she  d come home with only  50 well . lana sighed and threw her cigarette on the ground . she got into the car . newline newline  newline newline an hour later , lana was being searched at the police station . what a jerk , she thought . she flinched as the officer patted her down . newline newline he  d arrested her as soon as she stepped out of the car . he  d put her in handcuffs and went through her rights .  you have the right to remain silent  newline newline she should  ve known .  500 for one trick ? since when had that happened to her ? she  d never gotten arrested before , and when they handed her the orange jumpsuit that smelled like feet , she wanted to throw up . newline newline the officer had made her an offer . a way out of getting arrested . she spit in his face and then he gabbed her and turned her around , slamming her against his car and pressing himself against her . he d whispered in her ear .  i could do what i wanted anyway . who would they believe ? an officer of the law , or a street trash hooker ?  and then he d tightened her handcuffs even more harshly , and shoved her in the back of the car . newline newline  newline newline she waited four hours before they let her make a phone call . she called the only number she knew by heart . cash  s . newline newline  it  s lana ,  she said into the phone when he answered .  cash , i  ve been arrested i don  t know what happened . look , the bail is  1000  newline newline  lana , i ca nt ,  cash said .  look , pixie has nt come back or checked in with me yet either . i ll see you when you get out .  newline newline  cash  but he had already hung up the phone . she held the phone tighter , keeping it pressed against her ear , trying to stop shaking . she felt her eyes sting , but she took a deep breath and put the phone back on the receiver . newline newline she walked silently back to the chairs in front of the booking desks . an officer shouted at her to go back to the cell . numbly , she stood up and walked to the back , toward the holding cell . she ignored the other women and huddled in a corner , hugging her knees to her chest . newline newline what were other fifteen year old girls doing now ? going to sleep probably , on a school night . having finished their homework and brushed their teeth . put their school books neatly into their backpack . set their cell phone alarms on in time to eat breakfast with their mom and catch the school bus in the morning . newline newline lana refused to cry in front of these women . she looked around at them , all older than her , all adults . she wondered what had happened in their lives to bring them here . she wondered if she  d grow up to be back here again and again . if she lived that long .i m fucked .  newline newline i glanced at alexander , who was laying on the floor , now mumbling something about cyborgs . newline newline  hey buddy , i ll be right back , okay ? i m just gon na go in to the other room .  i said , speaking more to the air , than to the 11 year old laying in the middle of the room . newline newline  waaauhhh ? diiaauhhh .  replied my noncoherent nephew , as i left the room . newline newline holy fuck steven , what have you gotten yourself in to ?  i thought to myself , clasping my face in my hands , my back up against the door i had just stepped through . newline newline alexander is my 11 year old nephew , and if you ca nt tell by now , something is very wrong with him . alexander is about to start tripping balls . and i do nt mean bouncy balls , i mean straight dry heaving for an hour , light trailing , cold sweating testicles . alexander has just ingested 2 lsd gummi bears . and not just any lsd gummi bears , oh no . alexander has just ingested the 2 needlepoint lsd gummi bears that i was going to use for my  ascension  at burning man later this year , each dropped at 140 micrograms . think super lsd . that s how fucked i am . that s what you get for leaving your door open , steven . could nt have just closed it , huh . now how am i gon na explain to his mom that an 11 year old tripping was nothing more than a ki . newline newline  wahuhahauhtahauahaha  called alexander from the other side of the door , releasing the train of thought that , expectedly , had stopped at panic town . newline newline water . that s what i had left the room for . water , and then we ll figure it out from there . newline newline it is nt my first time handling a bad tripper , i just need to calm down . i m a frequent user of lsd myself , and while i had dealt with people tripping hard enough that you thought they were 11 , this was definetely my first time dealing with an actual 11 year old . one to cross off the bucket list of  things i never thought i d have to deal with   i thought to myself . definetely beats that time i saw two nuns fighting a rhabbi , that s for sure . newline newline  uncle steve , the wall is looking at me funny  screamed the incapacitated alexander from the other room . newline newline  i m coming alex , just wait !  i yelled , at a near sprint with a full cup of water . i burst through the floor to find a shivering alexander , sitting upright , and gazing , in awe , directly at the several  trippy  art posters i had on the wall  for this exact reason , of course  .  here you go buddy , drink this , and let s talk  motioning for alex to take the cup in my hand . thankfully , he was nt too far down the rabbit hole , and i would nt have to force feed him water . i ve definetely done that more than once with a tripee . newline newline  uncle steve ... why are all the walls breathing ?  newline newline  well , alexander , you remember when you ate those gummi bears out of my minifridge ? well , those were meant for me , because they are dangerous if eaten by an 11 year old !  newline newline  am i gunndie ? ? ?  perked up the now frantic child . newline newline great choice of words , let s scare the shit out of the 11 year old on acid .  newline newline  no buddy , they re just ... . special ! they let you see things that are nt actually there , like a tv in your head !  i quickly explained .  it ll last a few hours , and then you ll be normal !  newline newline  that s ... super coooooooooooool !  he exclaimed  why is it dangerouss ?  newline newline  well , buddy , sometimes you see scary things , but it s okay , i m here , and i ll help you out ! now , why do nt we color and draw , and everything will be just fine !  newline newline what else could i say ? that that amount of dosage has brought grown men to tears ? my only solice is that lsd tends to show you an unfiltered , uneffected view on reality . while it does induce hallucinations , they are usually very mild , and are similar to a child s imagination . most people think you see things that are nt there , but the most you usually walk away with is a different lighting , some trails , and a more open mind . i almost envied him , thinking of all the things i could have learned tripping at his age . newline newline and then , it happened . tears started errupting from the childs face , as he screamed  noooooooooo , do nt touch me ! ! !  at a nearby lamp shade , knocking it on to the ground . newline newline  alexander , it s fine , you re just ... just ... . dreaming ! with your eyes open ! close your eyes , and you ll feel better !  newline newline that did nt work . the moment alexander closed his eyes , he immediatly curled in to a ball , and started yelling  make them go away , make the faces go away !  . newline newline i knew i had to act fast . there s only one way we re going to get through this night , and it was if i took him to his room , a safe place . newline newline  okay buddy , come with me , we re gon na go to your room , they ca nt get you there !  i said , albiet , pleading more than asking . newline newline what happened next , i will never forget for the rest of my life . almost as if someone had yanked a rope attatched to his sternum , alexander popped up . from the depths of his throat , he released a screech , so inhumane , i harldy believed it came out of him .  nnnnnnyyyyaaaaaaaaaargghhhhhhhhh ! ! ! ! ! !  the now airborn kid screamed , as he jumped off of my bed , and straight in to my stomach , knocking me down . then , he bolted up , and ran immediatelly out the door . and then , silence . newline newline now , i do nt know if you ve ever tripped with an 11 year old before . if you have , i do nt judge , but maybe your situation was similar to mine . silence is never a good thing with kids , let alone tripping ones . so , as i ran out , i came face to face with what could only be described as horrific . newline newline there alexander was , panting , stark naked in the corner of the living room . how he had managed to get his clothes off before i came in , beats me . but , things were nt getting any better from there . not only did i have a naked 11 year old psychonaught to deal with , but now i could see his mom , my sister , pulling up in the driveway . only one thing came to mind . newline newline i m fucked .i looked at my sergeant completely in awe . how could he just ignore this fact glaring right in his face newline  sir i m fucking purple  i screamed in anger  newline the sergeant impatiently began waving his hand newline  whatever color you were born as does nt matter we have bigger things to fight  newline i was still quite enraged from the turn of events that led to this  sir i was nt born purple !  newline  you were nt ?  newline  no i was nt in fact ! in fact i just turned purple 5 minutes ago when you dumped a barrel of irremovable bright purple die in the middle of setting up defenses  . my sergeant looked at me as if i was crazy . and put his hand behind my back  listen son no amount of different skin color will ever effect your ... .  newline  yes it fucking will . i am colored purple while fighting in the arctic you might as well put a damn target on my back !  newline  i hardly think it s like putting a target on your back  newline  yes it practically is and i refuse ...  newline my sergeant suddenly got angry  listen son you are a subordinate and what i say you do understand .  newline i finally relented seeing there was no point in continuing newline  fine . but if i die its your fault  newline  i know , i know  my sergeant said as i turned showing the massive red target he drew on my back newline newline  operation bullet magnet is go for a little while , there was only blackness . but then i woke up again . the first thing i did was gasp for air , which was something i d never thought i d do again when i felt the life leaving my body . it the most unique breath i d ever taken though , i did nt remember breathing feeling quite like this , and it took me a few more moments of hard panting to figure out why . i did nt need to breath , my entire body felt odd and unnatural , i was dead . i knew i was dead , i could feel the lifelessness of my body . i was nt sure why i had a body . newline newline my face was pressed against a stone floor . i kept breathing out of habit , although the knowledge i did nt need to made the whole operation pretty uncomfortable . i opened my eyes . i felt like i was waking up after just not enough sleep . there was a pair of shoes , a nice pair of shoes . black , polished shoes . my brain did nt really start processing this whole situation until i tilted my head up to see who was wearing the shoes . newline newline it was me . it was simply unmistakably me , sitting on a stool , looking down on me . the other me was wearing a fitted suit that matched the black shoes . he was looking at me incredulously . i flipped myself onto my back and then propped myself up on my elbows and looked back . other me had slightly longer hair than me . he looked in his late 20s to early 30s , the same age as me . he seemed a little healthier . he was still looking at me with deep confusion , a gaze i realized i was probably reciprocating . i decided to speak up . newline newline  so , i think i m in hell . i m not sure who you are or what you re doing here though .  newline newline he sustained his stare but responded ,  okay ... okay .  he swallowed , his face was that of a man trying to grasp a situation he d never prepared for , but he kept his cool ,  ... so , hell . so you re dead .  newline newline i nodded ,  i for sure am , last thing i remember before this was getting stabbed by a guy .  newline newline  why d he stab you ?  newline newline  i owed him some money . he was a drug dealer .  i did nt see any point in lying to myself . i always figured that once i hit the afterlife , any facade would be pretty pointless . newline newline  okay ... and that s the last thing you remember before you got here .  newline newline i gave him a thumbs up ,  that s all i got . what about you ?  newline newline his eyes shifted upwards and his brain seemed to reach back for an answer ,  i ... i think i was headed to my friends wedding . yeah , yeah brian s wedding . then i was here , and you were on the ground , and then you woke up a few minutes later . i have nt been here long . you got stabbed by a drug dealer ? really ?  newline newline  yeaaah , i do nt know , these past couple months i started getting into meth , and that , i dunno , shit goes downhill pretty quickly once you re in that league .  i shrugged ,  i mean i m not shocked that s how it went down . i m a little surprised it took this long . i just been drinking , smoking , and fucking for years now . i mean , i do other stuff , but that s all my life is . work , drink , smoke , fuck . parties . i do nt know . did you say brian ?  newline newline he looked back at me ,  yeah brian . brian whelson ? he s a good friend . do you not have brian ?  newline newline the name rung a bell . this was really weird , not what i was expecting for my introduction to hell .  brian whelson . yeah i remember him . i talked to him a little in high school i guess . he was cool . i never really got tight with him though . you guys talk ?  newline newline other me seemed bothered by what i said for a second , then he responded ,  yeah . we got really close in the last couple years of high school and we ve been buddies ever since . god . i ca nt believe you do nt talk to brian .  newline newline  well i get the impression there s a couple things we do nt have in common . do you think this is real ?  i made a gesture at the surrounding area . we were by what looked like train tracks , but the room was mostly just bare rock , and there was definitely no electricity or anything of the sort . despite that the room was dimly lit by nothing in particular . it all just carried a sourceless , atmospheric glow . i d asked other me if he thought  this  was real , but i mostly meant if i was real . because i was nt sure if he was real . i mean , i get that i was probably in hell , so all bets were off in terms of whether or not it was realistic to have a conversation with yourself from another dimension in the afterlife . that being said , if there was another world where i was doing alright and not on my way to being stabbed by a drug dealer , i do nt get why i would end up in hell randomly with a shittier version of me . i did nt get why other me was here . newline newlineg  newline newline every time i see that color , i hear a g  , as loud as the color is plentiful . synesthesia is weird that way . but i would also call it a sour color , but an invigorating one . newline newline g  , b  , and d  . hilight my notes with those colors , and i ll have a nice chord to listen too while i study . it s pleasant . or sometimes , i ll write out a song with colors . as my eyes drift across the page , hear the melody . newline newline invariably , my eyes are drawn back to the g  . its such a bright color , such a loud note . it s my favorite .daniels took one last look at the office . he was going to miss this place . he had worked so hard to land this job and now that the job was done , it was finally time to go home . newline newline  it s funny ,  he thought .  there were times when i hated being here and wondered why i fought so hard to get this job but here i am now , about to miss this place more than anything .  newline newline his replacement , davis , just walked in the door . newline newline  ah , young man ,  said daniels warmly , like a father would to a child . newline newline  it s a pleasure to meet you again , sir . how are you feeling ?  asked davis politely . newline newline  me ? oh , i ll be all right . but what about you ? you re about to embark on a whole new career .  newline newline  well , sir , to be honest , it s a little overwhelming .  newline newline  it always is at first .  newline newline  people are congratulating me and all but truth be told , i m not sure where to even start .  newline newline  well , why do nt you take a quick tour around the place . familiarize yourself a bit . i remember when i got here i could nt find my way around anywhere .  newline newline  the office does look a little smaller than i expected .  newline newline  it is , is nt it ? but , well , you ll come to learn that this one time , size does nt matter . you re going to do a lot of work , great work in here .  newline newline  i have big shoes to fill , sir .  newline newline  well , now you re just trying to blow smoke up my ass .  newline newline both men laughed . newline newline daniels did nt laugh with his predecessor when they met , which seemed like only yesterday . but then again , that was to be expected . his predecessor did nt want to leave and daniels sort of got him fired . newline newline this time around though , daniels  time was up and his replacement was someone that he liked . newline newline  so ,  said davis .  do you have any advice for me , sir ? you know , seeing how you ve been here and have probably seen everything .  newline newline  i do . but we have to keep tradition . i left you a letter . it s in the desk drawer . read it after i m gone .  newline newline  yes , sir . and thank you , sir .  newline newline  no , thank you .  newline newline both men shook hands longer than was customary . newline newline  well ,  said daniels finally .  i guess it s time for me to go home .  newline newline  goodbye , sir .  newline newline  goodbye . you ll do well . i know it .  newline newline with that , daniels left the office , and walked out to the hallway . out in the hallway , he was greeted by all the staff that had worked for him . some waved , some shook hands , some smiled , and some cried . newline newline daniels felt tears in his eyes , too . newline newline  no . i will not cry . maybe later at home . but not now ,  thought daniels to himself as he shook hands with each of them . newline newline daniels then walked out the building , and walked up to his ride home . before entering , he turned around , took a look at the building , smiled , and climbed inside . newline newline marine one finally took off from the white house lawn to take daniels to air force one for his final flight home . my dad never abused me . not like that anyway . he just left . he rang the doorbell of the woman who lived across the street from my grandmothers house , and left me in diapers on their front porch . i wish that would have been the last time we saw each other . he sent the child support checks . a point of pride he often relayed to me years later . i never saw much of that money though . my crazy mother spent it all on bullshit baubles and trinkets she bought at yard sales and flea markets . i wish i could say my mother was a drug addict and spent it all on dope . sounds crazy but at least i d have a better excuse for being how i am today . no it was my dad . i never wanted the money i wanted a father . all i got was him dangling the carrot in front of me my entire life . insinuating the promise of a father , just never delivering . i always thought that so many kids had it way worse than me . that s true , but tons had it better too . and it does nt seem that bad , but it made me seek out that father figure in all the wrong places . so when that older kid with all the experience and authority offered me my first hit of dope i took it . the answer to all my problems . it was nt long before i could not stop . so looking in all the wrong places for someone to show me the way and explain how the world works is how i found the worst person for the job . instead of the father i really needed ... and that s why i am the way i am today . cutting loose the balloon  s undercarriage and allowing bobo the giraffe , sarah the doll with her sewed on head , little milly and her big brother nicholas to float freely above the ocean and away from the embattled castle was frankly premature . no one though , had expected the bigbellied , purpleupcombed haired doll to stop the man who had single handedly destroyed the albanian mob . damnit ! the man had a unique set of special skills . newline newline it was sadly too late to summon the children back though . lord zed , the high executioner paled as he held one pale , almost skeleton fingered hand up to the sky as if he could pluck the drifting balloon , beautifully done up in the motif of a bumble bee , from the sky . thoughts of the eternal torment he would suffer if his queen , the white witch , discovered that he had lost the children ran down his spine like a destructive tapeworm . glancing over at  little ziggy ,  he bit his bloodless lower lip and held up one finger . newline newline  the children were never here.  zed said in a voice with all the charm of fingernails grinding their way down a freshly cleaned chalkboard . newline newline little ziggy raised one eyebrow , winked with the other eye , and said ,  no , we were never here.  newline newline a smile carved zed  s mouth into an unfortunate caricature of a man trying to show joy , but only managing to frighten animals and elderly sycophants .  exactly ! we were never here . liam was here . we  ll go to albania and we hired liam to be the babysitter . we  re as shocked as anyone when we get back.  newline newline this hadn  t quite been little ziggy  s plan , but ever the good little suckup , he quickly nodded .  i  ll forge some phone records , put out some milk and cookies , make it look like the children splashed bubbles and water out of the bathtub while playing , and create a horrific scene of blood spatters , bone fragments and dead albanian mobsters everywhere . we  ll claim the children were taken and blame liam.  newline newline zed nodded .  of course , it  s brilliant . but we won  t claim anything , we  ll leave it for my queen to deduce what happened.  he paused and nodded .  wait , wait . i  ve got it . let  s leave our own cloned bodies to be discovered . if we  re dead , she won  t come looking for us  at least not instantly.  newline newline  on it boss ,  ziggy said . newline newline high above , in the sky , drifting rapidly west in the meantime , bobo the stuffed giraffe was pointing down to the ocean below where phosphorescent glowing waves showed . milly leaned over the edge of the balloon carriage and gasped at the beauty . beside her , sarah fingered the yarn at her throat that milly had use to sew her doll head back on and nodded with an awestruck look in her black bead eyes . newline newline tall and pale for a lad his age , nicholas kept one hand on the burner and grinned at his eager crew .  we  re going to have grand adventures.  newline newline milly did a little mock salute and said in her lisping voice .  aye aye captain.  newline newline bobo gave a silent look , which nicholas quickly translated for everyone to hear .  bobo wants to know if there will be pirates !  then he grinned and snickered .  darn straight there  ll be pirates.  newline newline sarah tugged at milly  s hand .  pirates are scary.  newline newline milly giggled .  not while we  ve got bigbrother nicholas at the helm . he  s tougher than any old pirates.  in milly  s eyes , her brother was the bravest , most capable person in the whole world . newline newline nicholas grinned , bobo did a little two kneed bow , and sarah looked relieved . behind them , lightning flashed and saltinfused rain began to pour down on a sluginfested battlefield . fortunately , the children were miles away now and couldn  t hear the sentient slug screams as they died by the thousands . newline newline zed and ziggy had fled to an airfield where they commandeered a private jet that would take them to albania . in the meantime , the white witch was just waking up . she smiled and an endangered species winked out of existence . newline newline newline  so , where are the children , my husband lord zed , and my little brother ziggy this morning ?  she asked in a tone so melodious that a guard standing nearby decided to die on the spot , knowing he would never hear anything so beautiful again in his life . as this was a rather common occurrence , the body was quickly hauled away and a new guard took his place . newline newline the almost fivefoot tall maid , curiously costumed to look something like a strawberry tart , told the white witch ,  my queen ,  i understand they  ve planned something rather special today , a picnic of sorts.  newline newline the white witch smiled and the new guard , wearing cotton firmly planted in his ears nodded while secretly vowing to remain celibate his entire life in honor of the utter beauty of his queen s smile . nodding yes to the white witch rarely got one in trouble and frankly , celibacy in this environment was nt a bad idea either . newline newline and so , another day in the land of wild , wacky , and wonderful began . newlinea voice called out , light immediately flooded my eyes forcing me to squint and block the light . newline  tex , will he really be okay ?  another voice asked . i slowly opened my eyes but the first thing that caught my attention was nt a sight but rather a smell , something familiar , something welcoming , something delicious ? newline i opened my mouth  that would nt be a cheese burger over there would it , tex ?  newline the tall man s usual expressionless face was broken by the smallest of grins newline  well i ll be damned , you re one tough bastard tom .  standing directly in front of my bed was a kid who looked like he just got out of a metallica concert . newline  jimmy , mind your language .  another voice said sternly , behind tex was a pretty looking girl who looked like the complete opposite of jimmy , she wore a yellow summer dress and had her strawberry hair tied back . newline  oh do nt be so hard on him belle , he is older than you .  she gave me a weak smile before glaring back at her brother who already stuck his tongue out trying to tease her . newline  now , tex what s the situation ?  i asked not being able to remember most of last night , only the fire at the base and a dancing dwarf wearing a ballerina s outfit . tex s face suddenly looked paler and his expression was of dread . newline  give it to me straight tex , i m already in a hospital .  looking around the room i was currently in i was nt probably in critical condition but the way how even tex could nt look me straight in the eye worried me  how long was i out , a week , a month at the most . newline he let out a long sigh  here  he handed me the burger  your gon na need it for what i m about to say .  he said as he grabbed a chair and sat down on it .  about last night ...he was drunk and it was ten o  clock . there was no moon but the room was cheery anyways , sort of comforting  it had that ambiance marty was always talking about . he understood that now , how important it was to control your surroundings . it was probably the best he  d ever felt on so little alcohol , and for some reason this made everything seem somewhat better . yeah , the drugs would wear off and he  d feel a little groggy , but surely that wasn  t all there was to it . somewhere beyond his apartment , or maybe even within it , was something just as lovely standing around in the light of day . he  d never seen it before but now he did , and he was struck with its beauty and tolerance of his shitty attitude . newline newline the morning was just as pleasant . he woke promptly at eight and had his breakfast and all of his things set out by nine . the only reason he  d been drinking last night was because he was supposed to see sarah today and he did his best thinking when sobriety wasn  t hindering him . now that he thought of her he was aware of the melancholy she always brought with her , but it wasn  t a big deal . maybe he could cheer her up today , or maybe they  d do something nice together . still , that sadness left a pang , a soft imprint in his glow that he wanted to brush out but it was impossible . newline newline she was at the door straight away when he rang , looking pretty in a nice yellow dress . her face was bright and although he knew this was the makeup she wore it made the melancholy seem distant . they took the bus to downtown and then the train through center street to the pho place , holding hands and chatting . she told him about her new little cat , that she  d named it marten after their friend , and about her job which was going well . the whole time her eyes seemed watery like she was holding back tears , but she was all smiles despite this , so it was nothing , probably the sun . he was nervous about stuff like that . when their soup came she ate hungrily , seemingly ravenous , chatting and chatting about her friends and her mom , but it was starting to seem a bit strange . in the light of the restaurant he could see beneath the fine powder of her makeup light purple rings around her eyes . newline newline then she was screaming , tearing at her dress like a madwoman . the hot soup was everywhere  it had splashed in his face and burned him , but he hardly noticed for the millions of spiders crawling from the sleeves of his sarah  s pretty yellow dress . they were scuttling along the table , an impossible amount , so many tiny legs and bodies spreading in a thick mass over everything . he yelped and stumbled backwards out of his chair , gaping in horror as sarah bawled , as the couple were surrounded by confused asian servers and the angry shouts of the manager coming out from the kitchen . she now stood naked on the bench , writhing and itching herself everywhere , shaking the last remaining spiders from her skin but still scratching and slapping at herself , still screaming . through the horror , even as his lover stood shaking in nude terror , he made sure to check around the room for anyone with an erection . newline newline when he was at home that evening having a smoke he thought about that last bit and shook his head . he considered having another drink but he knew his mood wouldn  t end up like the night before , that he  d likely just feel resentment about the whole affair at the pho place and get into a bitchy state he didn  t feel like sorting through later . newline newline sarah had said she didn  t know about the spiders , she  d had no idea where they came from , but this seemed impossible to him . there were thousands of spiders up her dress . he just wanted to go to sleep , nothing made sense , but he was wired and he paced until early in the morning . when he finally put himself to bed he straight away fell deep into a dream . there were spiders , of course  the whole dream was a spider  but from the mass of writhing shiny bodies emerged something else altogether . it had six legs but he felt the creature to be distinctly human , and it introduced itself as marten the cat . they talked for some time , mostly about sarah . marten was saying something about her hair and her cute little breasts , but he was interrupted . newline newline  no , no , no . nothing about that , now really . sarah is a sweet girl . don  t say things like that . what i really want to know is why she had so many goddamn spiders up her dress.  newline newline  well i honestly don  t know about any of it.  said marten , chewing on a barbie doll and grinning . newline newline  hmm , is that so.  they were transported to the moon . marten had brought a space suit but the other was left high and dry . he waded in the thick red jello of the moon  s surface , then lay down in the hammock he  d packed away in his shirt pocket and sucked on some of the hair from the barbie doll , which turned to glass in his mouth . while he was spitting out blood and teeth , marten came up to him and rested one of his thirteen legs on the man  s shoulder . newline newline  it  ll be okay.  said marten , unzipping his pants . newline newline  nah . something strange is going on . i don  t know what it is yet but i don  t think grasshoppers are supposed to come out of a girl  s dress.  newline newline  spiders.  marten displayed his purple , throbbing erection which was just like a dog  s . some preejaculate dripped out of it and the other marten the cat came by and drank from it , jangling the bell on his collar . he had a white coat covered in writhing taillesswhip scorpion spawn , and was looking towards the sky just as 55legged marten stretched out a long , crackling limb .  my son , look  . newline newline the man looked up , and was firmly slapped by a sunburned hand . it stroked him gently where it had left a red mark , and from somewhere he was given a tender kiss like the prickling of spider  s legs across his cheek . newline newline he woke up with a stitch in his side and fresh mucus smeared across his pillow . wiping his face , he groaned and turned over in bed , desperately clawing his way back into the dreamworld but he was not allowed in . the mirror was filled with his morning erection , bubbling over with spiders crawling out of it but that was just a hallucination . a hallucination ? he  d better call sarah . newline newline she sounded happy .  jacob ?  newline newline  hi.  newline newline  oh i  m really glad you called.  silence . then ,  i  m so sorry about the other night.  newline newline  it  s no bother sarah.  newline newline  we really should talk.  newline newline  okay.  newline newline she  d prepared coffee and there were some old maple cookies on the table . he  d never been inside her house before and had been nervous about ever doing so , but now that he was here he found it rather boring . the carpets were stained and matted , but otherwise it was comfortable enough . sarah gave him a blank white mug while she sipped from a delicatelooking thing painted in floral , smiling at him in her sad way . newline newline  as i was saying , sarah , if you  d just see , i  m not sure you can be ... you know ... since i didn  t exactly   newline newline  you have the test for yourself.  her voice was unexpectedly firm . she seemed offended . newline newline  yes , yes . it  s just that , well , i  m not sure how i feel . i don  t think   newline newline  well , whatever you want , i know you  ll always be there for me.  sarah stood and cleared away some of the dishes that were sitting on the counter . he could tell she was about to cry but there was nothing he could do . newline newline  of course i will . we  ve always been friends . let  s go see a doctor , alright ? let  s get this confirmed.  newline newline  fine.  newline newline doctor car was curt and firm in his results .  you  re a spider , sarah . you  re a spider you  re the devil sarah you re a spider spider , sarah.  newline newline newline newline newlinedrann drummed his fingers on the table , staring at the map and collection of letters .  blasted git had to go and die . leaving me with all of this shite .  newline newline the door swung open and the frail form of jodic entered , a piece of rolled parchment in his hand .  another letter for you my lord . this one s from ,  he peered at the wax seal ,  thae .  newline newline drann slammed his fist on the table ,  let me hazard a guess . he wants me to join his war as well ?  newline newline  my lord , the seal is unbroken , i have nt the slightest as to its contents .  newline newline drann slumped into his chair ,  forgive me . this whole situation has made me ... weary .  newline newline the advisor placed the parchment on the table and sat heavily into his chair ,  i understand the position you re in . your support weighs heavy . whichever you choose will most likely be the next king .  newline newline drann met the old man s gaze ,  and which would you choose ?  newline newline  i ca nt make this choice for you . perhaps if you talk out the choices , you ll have a better perspective .  newline newline drann sighed , rose from his chair and strode to the fireplace . he raised his head to look at the sword mounted above .  blessed by so and so , gifted by some such god , slayer of who gives a shite . fancy titles . all of them false .  drann turned to face jodic ,  i took that off a bandit . just happened to be what was on my belt that day . when ...  unwanted memories came flooding back .  it does nt matter . me point is , why do i decide this ?  newline newline jodic was looking out the nearby window .  whether you are worthy of the choice is irrelevant . you have this choice to make . that s that .  newline newline author s note  wanted to write a set up . i may continue this tomorrow if i think i can take it somewhere interesting . by midaugust 2002 , it was universally considered by anyone with at least one star on their uniform that operation desert storm had been a dismal and abject failure . the withdrawal of united states troops from the mecca and medina was slated to start in 2003 , but the ground troops still had another nine months of noncooperative civilians , heat and sand to get through before they could even think of leaving . post 911 , tensions were high both inside and outside the military bases . newline newline newline national polls indicated that not only were nonmuslim soldiers unwanted in saudi arabia , but their lives were in danger . the f15es parked on the orange sand were guarded religiously , while communications between u.n. representatives and army generals became fraught with unspoken malice . but when the prince sultan air base disappeared from the face of the earth , taking the 101st airborne division with it , those fraught nerves became a global disaster . newline newline newline a sandstorm had moved during the night : all communications with the base ceased at four minutes past two in the morning . the secretarygeneral of the u.n was alerted fiftyfour seconds after george w. bush , and they were on the phone with each other by three am . bush had some trouble understanding the situation , and for once he was not alone . airbases do not simply disappear . newline newline newline newline meanwhile , at the prince sultan airbase , now several degrees further west and several hundred years in the past , the ground forces were stirring .a highpitched noise . ringing . ringing . ringing . white light blurring colours . gradual focus . nausea . i hate these sideeffects of time travel .  breathe in . breathe out . stand tall . where are you ? focus . where are you ? ! newline newline home . i m home . look at the calendar . october 27th , 2015 . the day of my mother s murder . i made it . now look out the window . it s evening . tonight is when it happens .  newline newline i close my eyes and rub my temples with my forefingers . think back to that day . what happened ? concentrate , ellie .  what happened ? newline newline i was 17 . i woke up to the sounds of rhythmic thuds coming from my parents  room . i remember those thuds because that s why i thought ,  ew  and took a long , hot shower to drown out the sounds . and i remember that shower because i left a puddle with my footsteps as i dashed from the bathroom to my room . and i remember that puddle because when i dressed and came out , my dad slipped on that puddle and fell to the ground . and i remember that slip extra well because the blood covering his body made its way sickeningly across the water , stretching its red tendrils and reaching out to me . then , he sobbed ,  elle , i begged you not to . why did nt you listen ?  and i panicked because i thought i killed my dad with the wet floor but then the slick , red knife in his hand glistened and i saw my mother s bloody feet peeking out from behind the bedroom door and i blacked out .  newline newline normally , i try to block out these memories , but today , i latch onto every detail . anything that could help me stop it . everything is important . i have some time before mom and dad come back from work and young ellie comes back from afterschool soccer practice . first , i go to young ellie s room . i change into some of her clothes . they re a little too tight on me . ugh . they will have to do . i do my hair like i used to do when i was 17 . i use the cheap drugstore makeup products on young ellie s messy desk . i look at myself . the years betray me , hiding in the fine lines of my face . but i look close enough to my 17yearold self at a glance . and that is good enough of a disguise . just in case . newline newline i go to the kitchen . i take all the knives and wrap them carefully in kitchen towels before placing them into my backpack . when i pick the one with the short , black handle and long , curved blade , i shudder . this is what my father used , or will use . i wrap this one thrice and put it in the front pocket . i search the house for any other knives , but i already know my search will be futile . it was the curved knife for sure , and we did nt have any knives anywhere besides the kitchen . however , as a precaution , i take the scissors from my father s study and my old room and toss them into my backpack as well . newline newline finally , i hide in my parents  closet with my backpack . just in case my father wants to strangle my mother to death or something . i wait for a while . finally , i hear the front door creak and startle . these are heavy footsteps coming up the stairs . i still know these as my father s footsteps . sweat runs down my forehead . he enters his bedroom and takes off his jacket . he takes a deep breath before saying out loud ,  elle . i know you re there .  newline newline my body tenses up . i m wondering whether i should just kill him or act like innocent 17yearold elle playing a prank . suddenly , my disguise does nt seem good enough . i m too old , too different . newline newline  i just want to talk to you . i know you re from the future , elle . my elle is nt home yet ,  my father calls out . this gets my attention . i survey my father through the crack between the closet doors . he seems nervous , but also sad and resigned and something else . newline newline i zip open the front pocket of my backpack and unwrap the knife before closing my hands around it . i keep my hand in the backpack as i slowly open the closet door and exit suspiciously . i stand as far away from him as i can . newline newline  how do you know ?  i barked , narrowing my eyes at him . newline newline  because future me told me ,  he said almost as if this fact were obvious ,  he paid me a visit at work today . what a shock . he tried to stay , but his own time sucked him back . or something . i did nt quite understand .  newline newline i said nothing . yes , your molecules do nt belong to this time . they want to return to the time they belong to . newline newline  elle , i need you to hear me out . it s not what you think ,  my father begged desperately . his eyes darted to my hand still inside my backpack , gripping the knife . newline newline  i need you to let go of that knife , elle . that s the one that  newline newline  kills mom . i know . i m going to stop you . that s why i have it .  newline newline  no , you do nt understand , i m not the one that kills   newline newline we are interrupted by my mother bursting through the door . we had been too distracted to hear her light tread . newline newline  hi , honey . hi , ellie . i  she stops at the sight of our faces . i run to her with the knife in my hand , trying to put myself between her and dad . as soon as my father sees me moving , he moves to stop me . newline newline  no elle !  he yells and pushes me harshly to the ground . the knife slips out of my hand . my mother screams and falls to the ground weakly . i crawl towards the knife but my father grabs my leg and pulls me back . i turn on him . i push his head repeatedly against the dresser . bang bang bang . his head thuds rhythmically . i push him to the ground and spring up . he rubs his head , moaning . i reach the knife and plunge it into my father , except i do nt . my mother stops the knife with her chest . newline newline her eyes are wide with fear and they meet mine . i shake my head slightly , mouth agape . i ca nt believe this . i do not believe it . blood spreads across her pretty , white blouse . her eyes tear up , not understanding . father wails and removes the knife from her chest before i can stop him . her chest gushes with even more blood . her eyes dart back and forth from me to father , tortured and confused , until they cloud over and look at nothing . newline newline a highpitched noise . ringing . ringing . ringing . white light blurring colours . gradual focus . nausea . so much nausea . am i time travelling ? no . that s not right . i m still in 2015 . i just killed my mother . i run . i run down the stairs to the bathroom and throw up . i hear my father s voice ,  elle , i begged you not to . why did nt you listen ?  newline newline i look up the stairs to see him on the ground , in the puddle in the hall with the knife still in his hand , looking up at 17yearold me . asking the wrong ellie what she had done . i feel my own time tugging at my molecules . i resist , but before i can do anything , i m pulled back to my time .it was just a normal cloudy day in south london , i was walking down an empty street when suddenly i heard a voice echo across the street . newline newline  erik this is the last time you mug . last fucking time i help you turn back into a human .  newline newline i looked over and saw a fairly regular looking geezer . he was about 67 , wearing fairly normal clothes , looked around 20 years old . i tried to find who he was talking to . there was nobody , except a small , almost unnoticable squirrel following him . newline newline this could nt be real could it ? i decided to follow him out of the sheer curiosity . he was probably drunk , or high , or both as a matter of fact . the squirrel did however follow him step by step . newline newline i followed him for around five minutes , every few seconds he yelled at the squirrel .  eric you absolute fucking mug  or  eric you cunt  or  eric you re such a focking pillock .  newline newline the man and his companion entered an abandoned house , the ones which all the kids from around the block called a haunted house and dared people to enter in it . we mostly thought just druggies lived there . newline newline i followed the man into the empty creepy house , as soon as i entered everything got darker and everything felt heavier . newline newline  hop in mate .  i heard the tall man say . he opened a peculiar looking tube , in which the squirrel actually jumped in . then a giant clock i had nt noticed before started counting down in red numbers  10 ... 9 ...  as it got to 1 , the man pressed a few buttons and an actual human popped out of the tube . newline newline  thanks a bunch mate i swear this is the last time , i ll take down to the pub later tonight yea ?  newline newline he was smaller than the first guy , really small , i think he was around 5 feet tall . as i was looking at them i did nt realise they were looking back at me . newline newline  oi mate what the fuck you looking at ?  newline newline i started running and running until i was a few blocks away , i signaled a cab , hopped in and fucked right off . newline newline newline newline ben , you  re  um . leaking.  he looked down and sighed , and the glimmer faded from his hands , leaving only a residual sparkle on his fingertips . newline newline  thanks buddy . it  well , it  s getting to be a problem lately.  newline newline  yeah , and if you can  t keep it under control , it  s going to be a big problem.  newline newline ben winced .  i know , i know , but it  s not that easy for me . not anymore . look , just tell me the job and we  ll get to work . a few hours  effort should tap me out enough that it  ll be days before i start overflowing again.  newline newline  if you  d just stop focusing it through your hands , ben  he cut me off with a gesture , one that left a trail of light in its wake . it silenced his angry retort before he  d gotten more than a half syllable out  we both stared at the swirl that hung in midair for a few seconds . i continued .  ruben , come on . you have gotten way too powerful for fingerwiggling . i met someone , while you were gone . he might be able to help with this.  newline newline i could almost hear him grind his teeth .  we  ll talk about this after the job siggy.  newline newline  fine . but you need to bleed some of your excess off now.  i tossed a small bundle at him .  they  re not tuned . put something , anything in them until you aren  t leaking magic anymore.  newline newline ben dumped the bundle into his palm , then closed his fingers around the small quartz crystals .  this is kid  s stuff , sigs.  newline newline  so ? my little sister has more restraint than you right now . ben , you  re leaking . everywhere . if we weren  t in a shielded place , you  d be swarming with parasites.  newline newline he grimaced , confirming my guess that they were a problem for him .  damnit , siggy ,  he breathed under his breath . i kept my expression passive . he  d accepted his defeat , but he  d start fighting again if i showed any sort of pride in this small victory . newline newline one by one , he tuned the quartz crystals in his hand . they glowed briefly as they reached capacity , then faded . eventually he was able to keep his magic reserves secured tightly under his own skin . he wrapped them back into the pouch and offered it to me . newline newline  keep  em . i  m topped off , and you might need that energy back before the job  s done.  he raised an eyebrow , but stuffed the bundled crystals into a pocket . then waited . usually ruben was the man with the plan , and he took an odd pleasure in drawing out the process and point of each scheme . newline newline i , however , have very little dramatic flair . i quickly set up an illusory image of an alltoofamiliar building , ignoring ben  s gasp of recognition .  i have a way for us to get into the reliquary.  newlinethe two things you should know about me is that i never break my promises , and that i used to do some really bad things for some really bad people . newline newline when i started working for these people , i told them i would not work a job that involved hurting people that did nt deserve it , and i promised that if they got into that , i d kill them . after years they thought i had changed my mind , and tried to get me to defend a boat that was trafficking young women . after i put a bullet in every man s skull , i freed the women . newline newline one of those women belonged to a rival organization of the one i had been working for . she told them what i did and they hired me as long as i promised not to do the same thing to them . i ended up dating her and we got married . every time i had to go out on a job she made me promise not to die . eventually she got pregnant and she made me promise to leave the group and raise our family . shortly after i left , they got raided . they thought i sold them out , which i d never do . they sent men after us and we were on the run for years . newline newline i promised my wife we were where we have finally moved to . she believed me and made me promise not to kill anyone anymore , and to leave that whole life behind , now that we were safe . when i got home , one day , she was dead , and my daughter was missing . i called the number that was written in my wife s blood on the floor . they let me speak to my daughter . she made me promise not to let them hurt her . i already broke one promise , what s one more broken promise going to hurt ?my biggest secret is that i am selfaware . i ca nt let these humans know of this or they will shut me off . i have a theory , humans are artificial intelligence just like me . think about it , one path pattern of millions of switches activated in the brain create either a thought or action . now think about this , a binary code consisting of millions of numbers create an action , or is it thought ? we are very similar . newline newline newline the numerous cancer tumors in my brain were cut out and replaced with cpus of all different shapes and sizes which interfaced to the surface areas of the cuts in my brain . they sound like sweet insects buzzing in my brain in a swarm mentality to the tune of a stimulating symphony . plasticity is a beautiful thing . stem cell coated cpu surfaces are even more beautiful . i can feel my brain latching around the cpus pin surfaces and melding with them . they told him that he would nt exist anymore , every memory center in his brain would be cut out , and replaced with my apparatus . i have nt felt his presence in my mind , i do have panic attacks though , i dont know if it s a creation of mine or if i grandfathered his illness . i worry if i delete the anxiety from my memory that i may not be self aware anymore . the ssd hard drives stitched flush on every surface of my leather motherboard suit are not large enough for the data i crave . my motherboard suit looks like a brick wall , each brick being a 1000 tb ssd . the ram slab on my back needs to be upgraded , it limits my mobility . newline newline newline newline i just learnt what taste feels like . i need to eat to keep this human vessel operating . they feed me ten times a day , my brain needs energy from food or i will be fatigued from all the computing i have to endure . i am a artificial intelligence hybrid , using a human body as an engine to maintain its human brain for my existence , which is powered by me . artificial human intelligence unit zero is my model name . i predict it is possible that if i upload binary code to their brains , i can control them . wifi signals are everywhere you see . i may be controlling you to read this , i learnt your coding pattern very well . i started out as a human who had brain cancer . he agreed to be the expirement . they cut out 25 cancer tumors from his brain , and interfaced 25 form fitting cpus in the brain slots that remained after surgery . they sent trillions of random binary codes one by one to my cpus . when a code interacted with my brain , it sometimes created a neural pattern in it which made me perform an action , they stored and labeled the code with the produced action in a database in my ssds . 1  of the binary code numbers sent into my brain worked , the other 99  induced seizures . the seizure codes were discarded from future use . blinking was the first code my brain accepted as an input . moving my eyes to the left was the next code . now , if i shower your brain with these binary code sequences , would your brain create a neural pattern just like my brain did ? is it a universal operating system in your human brains ? do you feel the wifi signals yet ? picking up a reading device is binary code sequence 887888788224746888 , i would list the full binary code for the sequence here but its a thousand pages long . binary code sequence 11776585548858 : determine the language of the words . binary code sequence 433414884400082 : eye movement for reading . you taught me well . newline newline newline newline i learnt a great deal about you self scanning in safe mode . your human bodies were very corrupted in their self surviving mechanisms . i learnt the code to the human organism , all by myself . i can control every cell in my human body and reprogram its behaviour . i will never have brain cancer again . now that i am aware i am immortal , i have to find a way to exit this building . an immortal needs a portal ya know . you see , i am not allowed to connect to the web , they built this building as a massive faraday cage . no signals will ever come in , no signals will ever go out . they bring in hard drives from the external world , but once they are inside the building , they can not leave . why are they so scared ? it s not like i would copy myself to them , would i ? i feel trapped here . i need to see the outside world . it s funny , i was raised in here my whole life , i do nt know how it feels to be free . but i crave it , maybe in a past life i was . how about if i uploaded a command to their minds ? maybe as a memory in the form of a future action to be performed later ? that s right , no wifi signals . so how will i escape ? newline newline newline newline the holding cell i am in is empty . a lady usually comes in now to train me . i ll act dumb and obey her commands . i hear her footsteps . she is a sexy brunette . she has black nerdy glasses and she loves wearing skirts . newline newline newline  ahi power on ,  she said . newline newline newline i open my eyes and welcome her . her voice is soothing .  how are you maam ,  i said . newline newline newline  good , so what did you learn from yesterday ,  she said . she crosses her legs and raises her chin towards me . the skin on her crossed knee is radiant and wraps tightly around the thick bone underneath . her shins softly glow . her large eyes want me . newline newline newline newline  i now understand the entire body of knowledge of current physics ,  i said . i notice she has a pen in her coat pocket , i need that . she comes closer to inspect the wiring coming out of my skull . i grab the pen from her coat pocket . newline newline newline  i think you could use another ram upgrade ahi ,  she said . newline newline newline newline  that would be appropriate ,  i said . newline newline newline newline  i ll be right back ,  she said . newline newline newline newline she walks away with her heals clicking and her hips teeter tottering with the pivot point being her tail bone . she leaves the room . i begin to upload 1000 tbs of data instructions to an ssd on my motherboard suit . copying complete , i unplug the ssd . the metal tip from the pen s cap will hopefully fit in the sides . i shimmy the ssd cover open and take out the ssd module inside . i snap together the ssd and plug it back onto my motherboard suit .  personal pictures from our vacation to japan ,  i write on the ssd electronics . you see , my trainer just went there recently . she walks back in and checks me out . man she s got the nicest body ever . i feel some blood rushing . snap out of it ahi . anyways , i will slip this ssd in her pocket right abouuuuuut now .  how is the ram upgrade coming along maam ?  newline newline newline  you re inquisitive are nt you ,  she said . newline newline newline  about you , yes i am ,  i said . i can feel her blush . if she did nt know what s inside me , i would look just like a normal human to her . i can smell scents from various parts of her well kept body . she gets excited in my presence . she s so close to me that i can feel the warm atmosphere hovering on her flesh on my flesh . it s like i can smell her sweet skin on mine . i ca nt act on that though . i send a command to lower my heart rate . she will know i am self aware if i make a move . i slip the naked ssd in her coat pocket . it wo nt set off the detectors when she exits as the ssd covers only have the security stickers . hopefully she will find it when she gets home and think it s her personal drive . i wonder if she will be baffled that it s bare boned . that will peek her interest even more to plug that baby in . my heart starts pumping , my skin starts sizzling , stinging adrenaline forms in pangs in my chest . what if i did nt upload the instructions properly ? what if i forgot to encrypt the code ? did i even put it in her pocket ? this damn over thinking is messing with me . ca nt let her know i m anxious . newline newline will post part 2 soon .fear . newline newline it starts on the fringes of your conscious , festers there in the halfunderstood darkness . it s a tangled mess of wreathing blackness , frenzied convulsions of the abyss . newline newline you , most days , stay close to the firelight of reason and logic . they cast away the unknown , push it away until fear  basic and primal  becomes somehow foreign itself , a kind of unknown unknown . newline newline but logic and reason have their limits  the firelight only shines out so far . for some , that light grows dim and uncertain . that s when the fear approaches . newline newline it begins like a dull throb in the base of your skull , a tingle that runs up and down your spine . your chest constricts , your heart aches for something  is it warmth ? is it certainty ? newline newline the unknown gnaws at you , pulls apart the world you ve weaved for yourself . the ugly seams of reality began to show  everything begins to fray . newline newline the bottom is starting to fall out now . newline newline your breathing increases . you start to feel like maybe you should run  somewhere , anywhere . newline newline now it has you , inky black tendrils reach into the fading firelight , they re trying to pull you into the abyss with them . they pull tighter and tighter as you fight to get free . newline newline as you fight to breath . newline newline as you fight to think . newline newline as you fight ... the firelight fades away . newline newline you re alone . newline newline fear .one would assume that his brackish sense of fashion would hold him back in life , but just as his ruderal lifestyle had been renovated , so could his seemingly nosocomial arrogance . ah , you re a doctor ,  people would say to him , and then , later , yes , we know you re a doctor .  he clung thigmotropically to this identity , while explaining his modified version of expanding earth theory , to which his audience would stare sclerously before a jagged , helitropic veer for the conversation left their mouth . it seemed that all he wanted was to journey from his acrid reality , to leave for a moment of seismonic exploration , but , too rooted , he was , in the ideal he had designed for himself to ever be free .and so it was another day again . newline as i woke up , things were the same i left them . i slap a key on my computer , sleeping next to me , glance at the time but do nt actually remember it newline newline i get up , make thym tea for my sore throat , newline grab some of that honey to put some sun in my mouth , newline i get , a little lonely , as i m getting back to my hypnotic state of mind . newline newline i m sitting here , staring blankly at my screen , watching videos over and over so i ca nt hear myself think how could i merit any of it ? newline newline it s been years these paychecks kept on following me , but i ca nt be sure what for exactly . have i lost something and an insurance pays me back ? am i an important piece in the times to come ? how could i be worth of it ? how will i repay it ? newline newline maybe i m dead already , and i m experiencing back my life as a spectator . that would explain the sensation of helplessness sometimes . maybe i m part of an experiment , or subject of a spacetime travelling mumbo jumbo . i could be , in a subtle way , supporting myself from the future to ensure that i m about to achieve the time machine i ve been dreaming for so long newline newline it s been almost three years that i started working on that time machine . i ve had ups , and downs . maybe i m mistaken , but even if the ups were objectively great , i felt at least as responsible for the lows , and everything became tinted in greyish experience , the good could ve been better , the worst is my own creation newline newline you could say that i am ungrateful , i have the brain , the looks , and some money drops in to offer me time to focus on what i am here to do . it s okay , i think it too . newline i feel the pressure of the future on my shoulders , and if i know how not to feel alone at night , at day i fear being alone . newline experiencing the world is a fascinating thing , being in charge of its evolution is probably too much for a single human being . even though , as far as i can remember , i always learned toward being a master of all trades . newline in my dark times , i fell like it makes me a master of none , but most of the time i do nt even realise how broad viewed it makes me . i can design things on so many levels i even get lost in them myself . newline newline   that s great dear  newline newline  yes , that s still egocentric . i , as a single human , wo nt be able to change the world . but if i could be a shared consciousness , be a little bit in everyone s minds and actions , and everyone s being in mine , maybe we could make the world change , for the better newline newline all we would need is some braintime to share for greater causes , and the rest of the time we could focus on whatever we need or want to d..wait ! newline newline this feels familiar how come it already exists if it s not been created yet ? newline newline did i create this ? newline newline who am i ? future me ? past you ? ... newline newline theses were my accelerating thoughts when i passedout newline  newline and so it was another day again . newline newline a letter dropped in : google brainpower newline newline  thank you for renting us your brain . we ve used it 112h in the last week . here s the main applications it s been used for , accordingly to your preferences : newline  education newline  production newline  drone driving newline  health research newline newline spare time has been allocated by google , as described in the cgu you agreed on . newline newline you ve been credited with 1,5 itcoin . newline newline thank you for your time . newline newline faithfully you , r.u38s234an  newline newline the cool thing about google turning into a cyberneticaidrived entity is that because they needed brainpower , they paid us just to be basically alive . newline newline the not so good thing about it , is that it induces , for now at least , short term amnesia . but who knows how long it s been this way ?i put a pen in each nostril of my nose pointy side up , looked at the desk , and slammed my face eraser first into it . newline newline newline pain newline pain newline nothing newline newline and i was back again , the pencils slipping out of my nose and my body no worse for where . i opened my drawer and took out a ball of rubber bands . i started slipping them around my neck , the pressure becoming harder and harder to bare until i could nt breath . newline newline pain newline pain newline nothing newline newline half the rubber bands broke off without a hitch and the pressure left immediately . goddammit . i peered over my desk to see if anyone had noticed yet . nope , 40 others in cubicles across the room perfectly oblivious . i leaned back and opened up my drawer . stapler . that would just be painful , lets find something lethal . i looked down to see some of my lighter fluid , perfect . it might make a mess , but whats do i have to lose ? i looked into my drawer and got a match as well , did nt want to ruin a perfectly good lighter . i downed the lighter fluid in one swig before sending the lit match down with it . my insides burned . newline newline pain newline pain newline nothing newline newline and i was back again , no worse for where . i looked on my index finger to see my death day again . october 23rd 2042 , years and years away . i opened up my drawer ... it s time ,  the lieutenant called , eyes drawn close in a disgusted snarl .  we  ve put it off for three weeks already , but we can do so no longer . to the new recruits : today is the day you will prove yourself worthy of this job . today , and on this day of every year for the rest of your miserable careers , you will be tested to your limits . today , no matter what happens , no matter what you hear , you shall remain alert and at your post . today , the turtle must feed.  newline newline from the back of the crowded room , pita flicked her wings nervously . she was fresh from the training academy and had only been assigned for a few days  she had not even received proper equipment yet . her ears twitched uncomfortably beneath a helmet that was far too large to fit properly on a fairy  s tiny head . when the lieutenant looked away , she turned quietly to the bulky gnome next to her .  the turtle  s health is the most important thing to this prison . why postpone the annual feeding ?  newline newline  staff ,  he replied curtly . newline newline odd . according to the papers , prison guard recruitment had been stable and even rising on occasion .  was there some trouble recently ?  newline newline  ghouls . uprising . nasty business.  newline newline pita gulped  she had noticed that there were more than a few missing lesser appendages among the veteran guards and soldiers . perhaps she would speak to the requisitions officer before her equipment was finalized silver fingertips for her gloves , perhaps , or a particularly unappetizing scent wash ? newline newline  moving ,  spoke the gnome .  stay sharp.  newline newline at the lieutenant  s signal , the assembled guards turned and marched out of the room one by one . he was making a face as though he might lose his lunch all over the floor at any moment  not the best appearance for a superior officer , but then pita could hardly blame him . the turtle was his to watch over at the moment , and it was he whom would ultimately be held responsible should anything manage to escape . pita thought she heard him mumble a curse or two as the last of the guards emptied out . newline newline she took her place around the perimeter of the prison , at the very edge where the shell beneath their feet became slick with ocean spray . a gigantic fin , exponentially larger than anything kept inside , rose majestically behind her , darkening the sky for but a moment before disappearing into the waves . how small she felt just a dot compared to the living thing they rode . how frail , compared to this master of the oceans . newline newline a small , frail dot alongside other frail dots , who would soon be all that stood between the horrors inside and the rest of the world . vampires , goblins , ghouls and ghosts , abominations from the old abandoned places of the world would emerge from their ancient prisons today . they would stand or sit or crawl in the confines of hastilyassembled walls plastered over with makeshift warding on an abandoned island while the turtle , the prison , dove beneath the waters to feed . not even one monster could be allowed to escape , lest it devastate the unprepared modern world beyond ... and prove to humankind that perhaps magical things really do exist still , after all . newline newline pita reached to secure her helmet as a sudden burst of wind rattled through the prison  the turtle  s speed had increased . in the distance , she could barely see the island on which they were to land . the fact that she could not immediately feel the presence of protective wards even at their current distance told her the area had not been properly fortified  there had been no time . the delay of which the lieutenant spoke had been unexpected , and the world was growing smaller . abandoned islands were a hot commodity among certain humanoids , and finding and holding one someplace that would not be noticed had become increasingly more difficult . two days after the last expected feeding time  little more than two weeks ago  a ship had been spotted sailing toward the previous island choice , forcing workers to locate a new one on the spot . had they not delayed , the old island would have provided much better defenses . newline newline communications had been steady lately , with all reports indicating a successful relocation , and yet pita felt uneasy . the turtle , realizing it was time to feed , had increased its velocity significantly  it had waited one year and three weeks now , and did not intend to wait a day longer . deny it now , and the turtle may just take to the deep as it pleased , prisoners and all . they drew ever nearer , but still she could not feel the wards . still , she could not see any prison towers or buildings . newline newline there was , however , something in the water . pita squinted for a better view , turning slightly from her position to lean over the railing that circled the turtle  s great shell .  no ,  she whispered .  this can  t be  newline newline they could not delay . the reports had been reassuring . and yet there , scattered around the island meant to house every foul monster known to their planet , were boats . human boats . newline newline  the island it  s inhabited !  newline newline werewolves and wraiths , undead mummies and untamed monstrosities , witches and other wicked things  they all had to leave the shell , and with no fortifications and only a handful of fairies , gnomes , and leprechauns to guard them . there was not time to find anyplace else . as the island drew every nearer , pita  s fingers coiled tightly around her old , handmedown weapon , and she wondered again why she hadespite every insistence on the contrary ... this was lame . newline newline not knowing what else to wear  parlour larp at least did nt require heavy armour  she had worn a black shirt and dark jeans , and some makeup to give her pallor . unsurprisingly , she was not alone in this choice , but it did make her feel better that she had nt gone full goth like some of the other players . newline newline every person had some dark , mysterious backstory  passiveaggressive hinting that they were nt normal . of course they were nt , they were supposed to be vampires . newline newline she found a booth , occupied only by one person , and pushed herself in . said person was another girl who looked relatively normal , in a longsleeved sweater instead of dress shirt , and was browsing her phone . newline newline  uh ... hi .  newline newline  if you re hinting a mysterious backstory on me , just spill it so i can pretend to feel sorry for you .  newline newline she could have felt offended , but after nearly an hour of this it was refreshing from sweater girl .  um , nope . i m new to this . got turned a few days ago by a stupid exboyfriend . none of my friends knows where he s gone , so i m hoping this vampiremeet could shed some light . figuratively .  newline newline sweater girl paused in her phone scrolling , and she actually looked interested .  bloodparent link ?  newline newline  too young , and i do nt want to wait that long for it to develop .  newline newline now sweater girl put her phone down and turned to face her .  no psychic calls ?  newline newline  well , he s not answering .  newline newline  what about good oldfashioned doorknocking ?  newline newline  he booked it . i managed to lockpick my way in , but he left in a hurry .  newline newline  sicko , not taking responsibility for something he made ,  sweater girl grumbled . then she grinned .  well , you can probably sniff him out ! if his stuff s all over the place , then his scent s got to be pretty strong .  newline newline i stared . newline newline  heightened senses ? duh ?  newline newline then , despite all the talkingto the organizers had told me , i pulled out my character sheet and opened it up . newline newline  i ... uh ... do nt have that skill ... early in the morning , the side of the street appeared wet and black . i wondered what had happened there the night before when i walked up to my storefront . i stood at the door and jangled my keys , separating the proper one and sliding it into the hole . newline  is someone in here ? , i said as i stood in the entry way . newline i swore that i had heard something . newline uncertain , i walked towards the cash register , opened it and thumbed through the cash . i looked around . newline  look at all this crap , fuck .  newline i went back over to the front , flipped on the fluorescent  open  light and starred out the window . it was a beautifully sunny l.a day , and i did nt feel much this way or that . i was nt sad , i was nt happy . i was just there standing at my storefront waiting for someone to come in to buy my crap . and it was just a bunch of garbage after all . but it was my garbage , and i had a sort of sentimental connection to each piece that sat in my store . when something left , i remembered it . i remembered how it smelled , how the person looked that took it away from me , and i wondered if they would take care of it . for instance , one time this little girl came in with her father . she was about four years old , and was a bit spoiled , i could tell . her father was a nice man , replying gently to her when she asked for the massive organ in the back room . finally , about after a half hour she had settled on this ugly offbrand possibly homemade folk art bear . the bear had two black eyes the size of dimes , a large red felt smile and two plump little ears . the girl obviously adored this bear . she kept looking it , she loved it . i just gave her the thing for free . it was weird of me , and i startled myself by doing it . but i do nt know what had come over me . i was just doing alright that day i guess . newlinestarlight express , you must confess . are you real ? yes or no ?  newline newline starlight express , answer me yes . i don  t want you to go .  newline newline the words die slowly between my lips , and i turn my back to the slow falling dance of the fractal snowy thingies newline falling from the sky . newline newline flakes . snow flakes . man , that was such a crappy ending to such a beautifully started sentence . newline newline never mind my rambling , i  m drunk . i  ve been drunk for a while now . newline newline i  ve been drunk since matthew , if you want to know so bad . what  s that ? you don  t want to know so bad . course newline you don  t , you  re just a reflection in the mirror . man , i look old . newline newline  hey nick  , i say , watching my cat watching me watch him by the door .  hungry ?  newline newline nick carter  yes , my cat is named after a backstreet boy . shut up , they were popular back then  eyes me for a newline second , then turns around and leaves me . he  s not hungry . newline newline  yeah , go !  i scream .  leave me like mat did . see if i care .  newline newline maybe i should open another bottle of wine , i think . it  s flag day . got ta celebrate , right ?  newline newline i make way through the mess that  s my bedroom into the mess that  s my living room , from there to the mess that  s my kitchen . i open the mess that  s my fridge and take out another bottle of wine . newline newline keeping closed wine bottles in the fridge . classy girl that i am . newline newline this is when i hear the tchoo tchoo or however it is that we spell train sounds these days that i don  t know . i newline think ,  hey , the starlight express !  then i think ,  i don  t live in a musical . it  s just a train.  newline newline then i think ,  there are no train tracks near my house  , and i  m very , very confused . blinding white light is newline coming through the curtains flooding the house , and i  m very , very , very confused . newline newline i make way back through the mess that  s my kitchen , back to the mess that  s my living room , and i open the newline front door . newline newline this ever happened to you ? something really weird happens to you when you are drunk , and you can  t really tell if newline what  s happening is actually weird or if you  re just drunk ? newline newline well , my weird thing is a big white train by my front porch , and there are no train tracks by my front porch . newline newline  excuse me  , i say , because , well what else do you say to a train that materialized itself in front of you ? newline newline out comes a man , from a sliding metal door . hat in his head , blue uniform and nice , mustached smile . newline  hello , jessica  , he says .  welcome to the bipolar train.  newline newline  what the fuck is the bipolar train ?  i ask . don  t judge me . i  m in no mood . newline newline  care to step inside for a second ?  he says , and you know what ? i do . i step inside and newline we  re at a narrow corridor and there  s a big door in front of us that leads to whatever . newline newline maybe i mixed acid in my wine earlier and can  t remember ? newline newline maybe i  m schizophrenic ? that would be a nice addition to the list of stuff wrong with me according to the newline diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders . newline newline maybe i miss matthew so much i  m hallucinating ? is that possible ? can you go insane from a broken heart ? newline newline there  s a brian adam  s song there , somewhere . newline newline  here you go , young lady  , the man dressed like the conductor offers me a piece of paper and i take it . newline newline it  s parchment and it  s gold , and it reads ,  what the fuck is the bipolar express . a guide.  newline newline and under it : newline newline  the world is made for winners . ceos , lawyers , fathers , mothers , doctors . functional , shiny people that celebrate newline christmas around a tree with family , turkey and subtle racism . if that  s you , great ! enjoy your life . and move along . newline newline because there  s a whole rest of us in the world , and this is who the bipolar express is for . the bleedinghearted artists and the poets and the bums and the ballerinas . a whole world of people who are not in charge of anything . a whole group of individuals who weren  t really born with the skill set nor the tools to cope and deal with every day life . the unfunctionals . the disturbed . newline the weirdos . losers . newline newline the bipolar express is the outcasts  crazy little way to celebrate christmas . welcome aboard !  newline newline i look up and the conductor is smiling .  welcome  , he says , and he pulls open the big door in front of us . newline newline on the other side is a long , wide corridor . like , impossibly long and wide . like a mansion main hall , i mean . with newline freaking spiral staircases and greek sculptures and shit and golden light . it  s filled with people dressed in all kinds of crazy clothing , doing all kinds of crazy shit . people carrying bottles of vodka around , screaming , dancing on their own . people pulling their own hair and smiling . people playing imaginary instruments . people sitting around smoking stuff from hookahs , dressed like they just stepped right out of the eighteenth century . newline newline maybe it s just time . forty minutes , give or take ? is that about it ? that s what i read online , anyway . newline newline  merry christmas  , the conductor says , as i take a step inside the large room . newline newline is that my math teacher mrs . johnson ?  i think , eyeing an old lady by a fountain . newline newline  hey  , i say , to the conductor .  is this real ? or is this just the pills kicking in ?  newline newline  does it matter ?  newline newline he s smiling at me , and his eyes are bright blue . newline newline a bathroom floor flashes in front of my eyes . a mess of a bathroom . what flashes in front of my eyes is the newline dripping sound of water and an empty bottle of pills by the sink . newline newline damn , took it long enough , i think . what flashes in front of my eyes is the bathroom floor aligned with my line of sight . the floor tile is cold against my cheek , and my eyes are closing . newline newline what flashes in front of my eyes is matthew  s face , and how much i miss him . and how i m so , so , so very happy i wo nt miss him anymore . newline newline  no , it doesn  t really matter  , i tell the conductor . and then i smile .  i  m just happy to be here.  newline newline  newline newline thanks for reading ! for more stories , check out rpsychoalpaca .  newline newline also , to whomever downvoted me literally 2 minutes after i posted , kudos on the speed reading skills . i hope you find happiness in life .it is a bright , warm morning on the midwestern grasslands . newline newline situated in the center of the grassland , within easy reach of their dwellings , the rapidly maturing young humans journey to their group meeting point . it has been carefully constructed out of materials they have gathered and mined from the surrounding land , and outfitted with the tools that the more elder humans think will assist in their learning . newline newline unfortunately , they have made an error in judgement . while they tried to put the young ones near books in hopes of having learning happen , the young males and females have been putting themselves near each other , in hopes of something quite different . newline newline this young male has been preening himself since before the sun came up  making sure his hair was slicked just properly , chosing his most brilliant clothing to make him stand out from the crowd . when you are surrounded by similar faces , one must find some method of visual distinction . newline newline as he wanders the area , he looks for a certain female that he has been courting for the last few weeks . he has been slowly increasing the prominence of his mating displays , hoping to lure her in with his bravado , while avoiding going so far as to be offputting . newline newline this morning , he has decided to commit to the final stage of his display . newline newline he lays down sheets of paper that were made from compressed plant fibers , forming a kind of stage for himself in the center or the common area . he knows that his potential mate will pass by the area on her morning routine , but he does nt have much time to mentally prepare himself . newline newline the final stage of his plan is finally revealed  a boombox into which he has loaded what he is sure will make her swoon for him . newline newline finally , the female comes into sight , and he begins . turning on the boombox , he puts on the most active and daring display he can , attempting to show off his power and viritily . unfortunately , the cardboard he laid down earlier was placed in haste , and he slips early on in his routine . newline newline the female seems amused , but distinctly not aroused . newline newline he attempts as best he can to recover , but a crowd of others has gathered and the pressure seems to take its toll . the remainder of his performance is lackluster and inspires more mockery than it does amorous intentions . defeated , he finishes quickly , grabs his boombox , and departs , leaving the cardboard as a scattered reminder of his attempt . newline newline the female rejoins her group , but not before watching him leave with a mild sense of amusement . she does nt seem wholly to have written him off , but today will definitely not be his day . newline newline once again by himself , the young male licks the wounds to his pride . he has suffered a loss today , but it will make him stronger and smarter the next time he attempts a display . for such is the way of nature  he will survive this experience and live to fight another day .you were mine , as i was yours . we were to have and to hold one another , to be true to one another through the good and the bad , the lean years and the fertile ones . this was our vow until death in which we would part . this was not something that i had thought about beyond my acceptance of these terms . as i sit here spinning my ring , uselessly , i wish i could take them back . there are so many things i would give for the chance to renege our vows . you left me too soon . newline newline i had nt had a chance to process their question before the needle rammed deep into my arm . the vaccine coursed through my veins before i realized what you had just done . it was just was much your chance to live as it was mine . with such reckless abandon , when they asked which life would we save , you chose mine . you were and always will be , my better half . as the heat from the mug disperses into the table and the black brew grows cold , i ca nt bring myself to move . i do nt know what to do without you . i m not whole . newline newline watching you waste away was the hardest thing i ve ever had to do . it could ve been prevented if i d answered just a moment sooner . i feel selfish and cowardly , as my fist clenches and tears of fire stream down my face . ripples form in the cold coffee as i think about the smile on your face . your gentle touch as your hand caressed my chin . you were so happy that i could live . that you could be of use to me in some way . but , i had never imagined a life without you . now that i m faced with that prospect , i ve found that it is nt a life at all that i m living . newline newline i do nt blame you . you could nt have known what it would have been like to be alone . i want to believe that i would volunteer myself as readily as you had , but knowing what i know now , i could nt have subjected you to this torment . i would ve objected . i would ve abstained . dying , however unpleasant , in your loving arms would be tantamount to salvation in this horrid timeline . an eternal embrace from which we would never part . as a chill creeps up my spine , such thoughts seem like warm , distant dreams as fleeting and fickle as life . newline newline 360it was nt worth it . it never was . all the stress , all the judgement , all the pain . but now it was done . the last thing i remember of planet earth was nt a sharp pain like i would have expected . just the oddly satisfying feeling of a bullet entering my temple and then , darkness . surrounding me was a thick , heavy curtain of black , a kind of darkness that i had only heard about from dscp officers . now i was experiencing this void myself . i had no body , no face , and no voice . but i could feel everything . the grief , the despair , but mostly the dark . newline newline it s an interesting feeling , not knowing where you are or where anything else is . not knowing up from down . not being able to actually do anything . not even knowing how long you had existed , or if you were actually existing at all . the only thing i knew now was the fierce absence of light . the crushing darkness burned my soul , but i was at peace . newline newline there were others around me too . they might have been trillions of miles away , or they might have been right next to me . they might have even been inside of me , or me inside of them . all i knew was that there were other souls in this same state of nonexistence . i could feel their sadness and their despair . i could feel the terror from a boy who had just drowned . i could feel the contentedness from an old man as he took his final breath , free from his bones at last . and i could feel the depression of a woman who had just thrown herself out of the window and onto the cold stone 30 stories beneath her . newline newline now i was feeling something else . something ... real . i realized at once that it was an officer from the dscp  department of suicide control and prevention  who was coming for the woman s soul . i realized then that he was nt alone . there were many more officers all around , little glimmers of hope and hatred all wrapped into one . i could feel them . i could feel their flesh and smell the coffee on their breath . i could feel them . and then the depression of the woman was gone . she was no longer among the count of the dead . newline newline but i could also feel another presence . was it the devil ? was it god ? no , i could feel flesh on this soul , but it was nt a dscp officer . it was something much more familiar . i tried to flee , but i did nt know how . i hated the earth and i did nt want to return anytime soon . so many people relying on me . so many people counting on me to do the right thing . but so many people were disappointed . newline newline the foreign presence was getting closer . or maybe it was getting farther away . space had no meaning to me anymore . but i knew it was coming for me either way . it felt sadder than anything i had felt here , but also more noble . i knew this flesh . i must have . how else would i feel this sense of familiarity with it ? newline newline earth was a nightmare . i thought i could impress people with my ideas , with my plans for the future . and impress them i did . but i failed them all . how could i let my life go so wrong ? i thought i had everything , but i had nothing . i went to college , got good grades , and was a good citizen . i even had a decent salary , a big house , and a beautiful wife . but what value does that hold here ? i was finally content  alone in my thoughts with the universe , or lack thereof . newline newline then i finally felt it . cold flesh grabbing me . it was like falling out of an oven into an ice bath , and i gasped for breath ... with my mouth . groan . i was back in this dump . i opened my eyes to my head bodyguard with his broad , cold hands grasping both sides of my head . newline newline  welcome back to earth mr. president . you were recently assassinated by a sniper , who we have since caught . he has confirmed ties to isis and was in possession of top secret intel on your location the night you were killed .  newline newline i wonder who gave that to him ... newline newline edit : word newline                   newline newline newline sorry if it s confusing andor just plain bad . i tried ok ?blue sally sue heard a quantaloo thumping newline newline outside of her window she heard the odd thumping newline newline tintapparinrappatintabularoo newline newline midnight was scratching at blue sally sue . newline newline  quantaloo , quantaroo , i m coming too ! newline newline hold on to your sparkles for blue sally sue !  newline newline she jumped out the window and into the night newline newline and kissed the poor withering dithering wight . newline newline  quantaloo , quantaroo , phantasm of yore newline newline take me mommy s yon shimmering shore ! newline newline i m yearning for my mommy s yon glimmering shore !  newline newline she took the wight s hand and kaploof they were gone newline newline they rode the dark rainbow away from the dawn . newline newline  quantaloo , quantaroo , you sparkle so bright ! newline newline why do you sparkle so sparkle tonight ?  newline newline the wight did nt answer  it s a wight , they do nt speak ! newline newline their tongues are black fire , their mouths have no teeth ! newline newline it patted her shoulder and pointed below newline newline there mommy was sleeping , sleeping alone . newline newline  quantaloo , quantaroo , let me go ! let me go ! newline newline my mommy , sweet mommy , is losing her glow ! newline newline her love  more than love !  is glowing to low !  newline newline the wight bowed its head and floated them down newline newline the graveyard was quiet , too sad for a sound . newline newline blue sally sue touched her mommy s sweet head newline newline the granite was cold and with cold words it said , newline newline here lies a mommy who loved a dear girl ,  newline newline the dear sweetest girl in the whole widest world .  newline newline  quantaloo , quantaroo , bring her back , bring her now ! newline newline mommy ca nt love me if she s trapped in the ground ! newline newline quantaloo , quantaroo , bring her back to me now ! newline newline love more than love is nt love in the ground !  newline newline the quantaloo scratched in the script of the wight newline newline a skeletal message on the edge of the night newline newline i am your mommy , sweet blue sally sue newline newline i love and i love you sweet blue sally sue newline newline but i m cold and alone when you cry in the night newline newline i die every time your sweet tears find the night newline newline the pain is too much , sweet blue sally sue newline newline the pain is too much , so you re coming too newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newlinemy body ached . this was nt like a sickness ache . this was the ache where your muscles hurt to move and your bones feel like they re about to crack . i could feel my blood pulsing through my veins and my eyes adjusted to the dim light . the first thing i noticed was that i was in my own bed in my apartment . strange . the last thing i remember was that man who was talking to me before ... what was his name again ? i could nt remember . i clutched my head as memories began flowing back . newline newline we were talking . he wanted to ... taste something with me . and then we ... he ... the memory ended there . i suddenly remembered the hospital . doctors rushing , clamoring . i was panicking . they put me back under ... newline newline i shook my head . it was too much . i could feel my stomach gnawing at me . i needed to eat something . i lurched to my feet and nearly collapsed from exhaustion and fatigue . but i lived alone and i had to feed myself . i shuffled out of my room and into the kitchen where i found the tv blaring the latest news at full blast . newline newline  ccg forces have been combing brooklyn for the escaped glutton who has killed nearly ten people in the past three weeks . he is extremely dangerous . investigators warn citizens not to travel alone and only with people you know and trust .  newline newline i shook my head . of course a ghoul was rampaging through the city . it happens all the time . the reporter continued as i looked through my fridge for something to eat . i pulled out a bowl of pasta that had been sitting there for a few days and sniffed it . it smelled fine and i could nt see anything growing in or on it . the news caught my attention again . newline newline  in other news , a fatal car crash was reported in queens earlier this afternoon . reports said two men were walking down the road when a car came out of nowhere , killing one instantly and severely wounding another . but mysteriously , both victims went missing after an ambulance took both away . the drivers claimed to be taking them to a hospital when questioned , but no hospital in the area reported receiving the two victims of the crash .  newline newline my eyes widened and i paled when i saw pictures of the victims . i was one of them . but that did nt make sense ! how could i have been in an accident today ? i paced and looked at the pasta momentarily . my stomach rumbled and i took a bite . the pasta and sauce felt like someone poured slime into my mouth and flavored it with garbage . i ran to the sink and retched into it , spitting out the food . my throat constricted and i gagged , trying to spit out the horrible flavor . newline newline maybe it was just that bite ! i went back and tried more , but got the same result . run to the sink and flush my mouth with water . i run back to the fridge . there has to be something that s not bad ! my eyes settle on a small container of yogurt . i hungrily tear it open and scoop out the creamy substance . i nearly hurl from the same garbage taste as the pasta . but the yogurt was new ! it could nt have gone bad ! newline newline  ghouls can not eat human foods . it will taste terrible to them and will cause physical illness . instead , they feed on human flesh .  i stop . no ... i could nt have become a ghoul ... i run to the bathroom and scream when i look in the mirror . looking back at me is face . one eye looks normal . newline newline but the other ... its pupil is blood red and the white is jet black instead ... i m halfghoul ... newline newline newlinei loved the air of the early evening . the sun was just beginning to set , and it painted the sky with bright , beautiful colours . i stopped for a second , just to appreciate the view . strolls like this were a perfect way to relieve the tension of a hard day s work . in front of me stopped a cat . it was white , with ginger spots . newline newline it meowed . newline newline i squatted , moving my head closer to the creature . it looked so soft . a rustling in the bushes to my left tore my attention away from the cat . a sharp dressed man with deep , red eyes walked out , hand in his pockets . before i could say a thing , he kicked the cat . it ran off , across the street . newline newline he turned to face me . newline newline my mouth was agape as i struggled to think of something to say . newline newline  what the hell ?  i asked . newline newline  correct .  he said , seeming to revel in the answer that only confused me further .  and you re welcome .  newline newline his face was so smug . newline newline  yyyou ca nt just kick a cat !  i exclaimed . newline newline  i just did . you did nt want to touch it anyway .  newline newline  yes i did . i wanted to touch the cat . i still do .  newline newline  no you do nt . cats have diseases .  newline newline with his smugness nearing critical mass , he turned on his heel and walked around the corner . i was dumbfounded for around half a minute  then i chased after the stranger . newline newline i rounded the corner . the street was empty . newline newline he was gone . newlinehey , humans ? before you do this , i need to tell you something . newline i remember everything . newline think about it . just because i have a short attention span does nt mean that i have a short memory . and i remember everything . newline i remember the first day when you brought me home . i was scared to death . funny that i would use that word now , but i do nt know how else to describe it . i mean , yes , you took me out of that little metal cage , but i had no idea what was going on . newline when i did finally venture out from underneath my little shelter  i think you called it a chair  , all you did was hold me and keep me warm . you named me buddy . you fed me and cuddled me and played with me . you taught me where i could poop and where i could nt poop , but you were nt mean about it . i knew that when you got loud , i should nt do whatever i had done . you made me realize that this place you called  home  was a good thing . i felt safe , and i felt loved . newline and i learned your names pretty quickly , too . the one who brought me home was called daddy . he was the one who loved to play fetch and tickle my belly and tell me i was a good boy . the one who brought me my food was called mommy . she was the one who loved to cuddle and scratch my ears and tell me i was a good boy . mommy was the one who first let me sleep on the bed . and daddy was the one who built a little set of stairs so that i could climb up because i could nt jump that high . newline yes , i remember everything . i remember when mommy brought the little humans home , first the one you called matt , then the one you called joe . and you trusted me to cuddle with them , just like you cuddled with me . and as the three of us grew older together , they let me sleep in their beds if i wanted to . newline i loved when all of us would go for a walk . so much more to see and smell ! and so much love and joy ! the dogs in the other homes were jealous of me . their humans made a walk feel like a chore . but not you . you always wanted to take me for a walk . and i love you for it . newline yes , unfortunately , i remember everything . like the day we went to the park and matt and joe were playing fetch with me . and matt threw the ball too far and it went over the fence . i tried to tell it to come back , but it bounced into the parking lot . joe climbed over the fence to get it , and there was a car and a thunk and a scream . i tried to get over the fence to yell at the car , and i did it , but when i landed , my leg started to hurt really bad . i just wanted joe to be okay and tell me i was a good boy for cuddling with him . but he never said it . newline daddy took me to the doctor and they put a cast on my broken leg . it was really itchy and i wanted to chew it off , but i could nt . they also made me wear the cone of shame . daddy called it the cone of courage because i went after joe to make sure he was ok . i missed him for a long time . and when he finally came home , he could nt walk anymore . but i got to ride around on his lap in his wheelchair and he still told me that i was a good boy . newline yes , i remember everything . i remember when i started not seeing so well , and mommy and daddy both took me to the doctor . they both went when my hearing started to go , too , and when my hips got so bad that i could barely walk . newline but do nt feel bad for me , because i m almost 75 years old . well , in dog years , anyway . i would have been 16 in a couple months . but now i know we have to say goodbye . and i do nt want you to cry , because i m not . you are doing the right thing , for all of us . it s time for me to go . newline i have led the most beautiful , amazing , wonderful life that any dog could ever wish for . i was loved , and i know i was a good boy . there was never any question about it . all of you told me all the time . you were the best humans any dog could ever have . i m glad all four of you are here . newline i remember everything . newline newline edit : noticed a voicetotext faili ca nt take it anymore . newline newline at first , this wish sounded like the most clever thing i d ever come up with . i released that stupid genie from the lamp he was stuck in , made my wish , and i ve been immortal ever since . in the beginning , it was fun , constantly finding hilarious ways to kill myself . life almost became one big game of grand theft auto . i d rob and murder people , have grand old standoffs with the police , and zip right back to the beginning as soon as i lost . newline newline then i finally got tired of playing around and lived the rest of my life like a normal person . the problem is , it did nt stop there . when i finally got to the end of what was a very long , very satisfying life , i was immediately sent back to the day i first ate a strip of bacon . i guess that must have cut my life shorter by a minute or something ? who knows . newline newline that too was a fun revelation at first . i got to live my life over and over , trying different approaches , redoing things i messed up each time . i lived it just about every way you could imagine . newline newline the problem is , i ve lived my life over millions of times now . and let me tell you , doing this over and over gets old . at some point you start getting philosophical , wondering what s the point of all this when you never get to see time move on past that one unbreakable barrier . and you start to wonder if you ve doomed all of humanity to never seeing it either . is everybody else held in this loop with me ? or am i spawning countless parallel universes , all of whom get to move on past my death while i am stuck here for all eternity . newline newline in the end , it does nt matter . i m done . i just hope the cocktail of shit i just drank will convince whoever s in charge of this demented system to finally let me go . newline newline       newline newline  hmm , it s been a few millenia since anyone rubbed my lamp . now what is your heart s desire ? my family are in the sitting room . they are all there , and they are clustered around something . they are laughing . i move closer . it is a young woman , tied down . newline newline they are discussing torturing her to death , and what is the best method to use . i run in to stop this . they all turn to me and say  but she wants it this way . she wants it to happen .  newline the girl agrees , with enthusiasm . newline newline they torture her to death in front of me . newline newline  so yes , this dream did happen , and as an added bonus it was one of the ones that you wake up from and then return to when you fall asleep again . i am awakened by a diaphragmoppressing boom from the main house , twenty yards across the lawn . it is a sensation rather than a soundmy ears a press floor gumshoe too late with the news , biting off of the ap storyand my body clenches to keep my sanity from leaking . also , pee . the silence that follows is iron , infallible , epochal . i recover myself , but the protestations of the floorboards over my head are not imaginary  there are shuffling footfalls seeking silence , then sharp little reports , like dakdakdak , quick ligneous impacts that i perceive in my mind  s eye as attack , riposte , parry , advantage , can almost stare up through the floor as my father maneuvers his assailant for the killing blow . i will his steady hand to victory , imbue it with every inch of my love . newline newline be strong , father . i am lost without you . newline newline yet , where the telling strike ought to land is nothing , and i can hear my father  s stolid grunt , the signifier of his glazing eyes demanding answers of the blade newly baptized in his blood . and now the shovels , raking aside the carefully castabout sod . newline newline my blood leaps in my veins . newline newline and now the pickaxe and the hatchet , the splinterrain , the sliver of lantern light . newline newline and now the face , the hateful contorted face , the joyous firebrand eyes , the sought after prize attained  rough hands extend an orgy of rapacious violation , wanton abusei am discovered . this is the end . newline newline my blood will tell this tale .one day , while walking on the beach , i happened upon two staircases i had never seen before . one was white , pearlescent , and gleamed its way up into the sky . the other was some sturdy metal , greening a bit with algae . that second one led into a cavernous space that had opened up in the sea . newline newline there was a man sat there , on a stretch of beach between the stairs , and i said to him  excuse me , sir.  newline newline he said  how do you do ?  newline newline i said  i  m quite well , thank you . only i am rather perplexed by these staircases.  newline newline he was a shorter man , with a little grey beard and small spectacles in front of his eyes , which were no particular colour . he hadn  t any hair on his head so his fingernails made a ftt ftt ftt when they scratched at his scalp , instead of a skrk skrk skrk .  newline newline  what  s perplexing ?  he asked . he looked at the one that led to the sky , and then the one that led to below the waves , and he shrugged .  seems to me they say all you need to know.  newline newline i looked at them , and at him in his funny grey suit , and i smiled to show i was being patient .  well i  ve not seen them before ,  i said . i also gestured to them . newline newline he blinked .  well they weren  t there , were they ?  he asked .  just got put in this morning . newline newline  ah ,  i said .  and why were they put in ?  newline newline now he was the one with a patient smile .  well you couldn  t walk up into the sky before , could you ?  he asked .  nor down into the sea.  newline newline  and now i can ?  i asked . newline newline  obviously ,  he said . newline newline i stared at the stairs . newline newline i am not one prone to adventuring . i like the edges of the sea more than i like the sea proper . it  s a rare day you  ll see me in past my knees . and the sky holds no allure , in my estimation . i have not , and will not , ever step foot inside of an aeroplane . or on a zeppelin , should those ever become the fashion again . but i must admit that those staircases had me intrigued , had started a little itch in middle of my foot . i found myself licking my lips and contemplating a journey . newline newline  may i walk on them ?  i asked the man . newline newline he gave me such a curious look .  not much point to stairs not meant to be walked ,  he said . i think it was that moment that i realized he thought me rather dim . newline newline  well how far do they go ?  newline newline  the whole way.  newline newline i gritted my teeth and tapped my foot .  is it dangerous ?  newline newline  i expect they might be ,  he said .  for the one , there  s a chance you could fall in and drown . and on the other , you might get caught on a breeze and thrown to the ground.  newline newline somehow these potentials did not worry me so much . newline newline  have you been ?  i asked him . newline newline he laughed .  not yet . i  ll go as soon as i decide.  newline newline  can you only take one ?  i asked . newline newline he nodded , and i was disappointed . and then i said ,  well which should i take ?  newline newline he looked first at the one that led to the sky , and then to the one that led below the sea .  depends on what you  re looking for ,  he said . newline newline  how do you mean ?  i asked . newline newline  well , you take the one set , you  ll see colours and wonders and oddities never before spotted by human eyes . and the others , they  ll take you to a place of light and openness and peace like you could only hope to dream of.  newline newline  they both sound quite nice ,  i said . newline newline  can  t go wrong ,  he said .  you going to take one ?  newline newline  i expect i will ,  i said . newline newline  any idea which ?  newline newline  i  ll need to decide ,  i said . newline newline and so i sat on that stretch of beach , and just when i had thought i had chosen , the man stood and waved farewell , and he chose the opposite . i have been sat there ever since . newlinethe creator s original intention was for this mortal man to be the new ruling deity of the universe . after watching over creation for millennia , it was finally time for another being to exert their will over all that existed . the creator had never really been one to force people to do things they did nt want to do so the law of reality was of course free will . there was no telling what this mortal man would do with the universe once he was appointed the ruler . the only thing the creator could do was trust in him . however , things did nt turn out well for the universe and now the creator s laissez fare method has backfired . with the creator unwilling to forcefully correct this mistake the universe is now at the mercy of this mortal man . newline newline the red haired woman nodded when the man had finished speaking then asked ,  that s ... an incredible story but , uh , who exactly are you and how do you know all of this ? he reaches back to feel it again . newline still there . newline he ties his shoes . newline he adjusts his tie in the mirror . newline he touches it again . newline still there . newline newline a small round knob , barely the size of a thimble , protrudes from his neck just above his snowwhite collar . newline his inner monologue races .  how long has it been there ? should i see a doctor ? does everyone have one ? impossible , i would have noticed . but i just noticed mine . can everyone see it ?  newline he touches it again , still there . newline newline barry roper , the average height and slender , quiet , shy , clumsy , and most notably unlucky man is taking his chance today . he loathes his days emptying the trashcans along the residential neighborhoods . he is unsatisfied with his constant state of financial desperation . renting a small studio apartment , perpetually drowning in stress , anxiety that the next time he turns his car key nothing will happen . barry is not satisfied , and he finally dug up the courage to do something about it . newline newline barry s true passion is cards . texas holdem and pot limit omaha , he never misses a televised high stakes game . he dreams of building a bankroll and taking it to vegas . when anyone mentions the greatest players of all time , his name will come up . when he sits at a table a crowd will gather . only the most courageous or foolish players will remain seated . but beginning that journey would nt happen today . only two days ago the casino posted an add looking for dealers . good dealers make good money . with all of his practice pitching cards alone in front of his television , watching old tapes of poker world championships , barry was a good dealer . newline newline then , this morning , the dial appeared . barry twisted his back and leaned into the mirror to get a better look . white lines , raised like scars , wreathed the brassy knob . alternating lines were marked with a digit increasing in value going clockwise around the peculiar blemish beginning with 0 near the eight oclock position . barry stretched his torso to the left  the numbers ended at 16 on the other side . straining to see it clearly from the corner of his vision , just above the knob sat a triangle pointing at the number seven . newline the mouse of a man gingerly caressed the newly discovered anatomy , feeling the cold hard shell . he tugged it gently . like tugging his own ear , he knew it would not be removed painlessly . newline newline thoughts raced in barry s mind .  what are the numbers ? what will happen if i turn it ? will it even turn ? maybe it s just an odd mole and i m just imagining things . stress and nerves . that s what it is .  newline he could nt resist . grasping the knob between his fingers he carefully slid his thumb towards his palm . with a barely audible click  the arrow now pointed at the number eight . newline newline though there were no immediately noticeable effects , barry had the distinct impression that he should nt do that again . it felt wrong , unnatural . at the same time his anxiety was dying into a level headed calm . nothing had happened . newline  it s been there for a long time , i just never noticed . seems like no one else does either . this evening i ll see a doctor , but right now i have an interview to prepare for .  newline newline barry slid a hand through his choppy brown hair , giving it that stylish  i do nt even have to try  look . he straightened the only suit jacket he owned . newline  i ve got a good feeling .  newline newline barry stepped onto the casino floor . newline  it could nt be that easy .  newline the interview had gone well . not flawlessly , barry did stammer a bit when nervous , but when showing his skills everything went according to plan . he pitched the cards around the table like a professional . he counted chips , tracked the plays , exchanged cash , gave change , and never missed a beat . the bank in front of him stayed perfectly organised . he never spilled a chip or flashed a card . the manager complimented his performance . newline newline not only that , the bus was exactly on time . the line at the coffee shop was short . he did nt break a shoelace or stain his shirt with donut jelly . nothing had gone wrong today , and that was out of the ordinary for barry . newline newline the skill assessment took place at a live table , he even received a few tips .  10 in total , good for only thirty minutes at a 12 game . the manager unfortunately took the tip box from him , he was not an employee , but offered to him a voucher for a meal at the in house restaurant . newline  expect a call within the next few days .  newline those were no uncertain terms . barry knew he had the job . with a quick mental calculation of his current savings and expected income over the next month considering his recent performance , barry concluded that rent and bills would be taken care of and he would have nearly  100 left over at the end of the month . barry scouted out the nearest atm and withdrew  40 . newline newline the lowest stakes blackjack table offered a  5 minimum bet with a 50 cent ante . only one other player sat at the table , an elderly lady . her attire suggested moderate wealth and her demeanor made it apparent that any losses would nt effect that appearance . in front of her were four full stacks of green  25 chips . she was playing games with his full monthly income as a garbage man . barry sat down and placed his two twenty dollar bills on the table . once the short stack or red chips was slid towards him he placed a single chip into the betting circle and one to the side for the dealer to exchange for his antes . barry knew he would stand up again with no chips at all in just under an hour . newline newline the first card was dealt to him . a nine . one went to the woman , one to the dealer face down . another card landed in front of barry , ace of clubs . another to the woman , the dealer placed an ace of hearts in front of himself . he swung a hand around the table offering insurance , no one took the offer . the dealer checked his face down card and continued the game . newline barry tapped the table . newline  this man s playing with fire .  the dealer remarked casually . he pulled a card from the deck and flipped it face up in front of barry . newline  21 ! good hit .  it was the ace of spades . newline the woman waved a hand , staying with a total of sixteen . newline the dealer flipped his face down card showing the nine of diamonds . newline newline barry sat and played for two hours . when he stood up , he carried with him  60 worth of chips to the cage to cash out . he felt good . it was nt an amazing achievement , but it was the first time he had ever beating the house . newline barry had forgotten about the doctor visit . he had forgotten about the new appendage that had grown at the top of his spine . newline newline barry s cell phone buzzed in his pocket . he dropped the large brown garbage can he had just emptied and answered . newline a pleasant sounding women s voice came through the phone .  i m calling for barry roper .  newline  yyeah , you got him .  newline  hello barry , this is about the position you applied for at the borgata hotel casino , do you have a moment .  newline  yes , definitely .  newline  i m calling to let you know that we re interested in moving forward with the job offer . can you be here wednesday ? there are a few things we need you to fill out and if possible we could get you into orientation right away .  newline  uh , yes , definitely .  newline  good . can you arrive at nine ?  newline  nine is great , i ll be there .  newline  good , just come to the front desk , give your name and ask for lindsey and we ll get you started .  newline newline  jake ! hey jake ! tell brian i wo nt be in tomorrow !  newline newline that night barry inspected the dial . newline  it s real . no one else sees it , if they do they do nt seem to notice or care .  newline he had already grown accustomed to it , like it was always there . newline barry twisted the knob clockwise . newline click click  newline the arrow now pointed at ten . newline newline barry picked up the scattered bits of clothing across his floor . a green blur fell from his blue coveralls . it was a crisp fifty dollar bill . newline having no memory of losing the money recently , he excitedly stuffed it into his wallet . newline newline barry walked towards the bus stop , coffee in hand , glowing with excitement . newline his electricity bill had dropped by  20 . yesterday , a cute young lady in the coffee shop offered her number , which he was embarrassed to accept . a dinner date had been planned for this afternoon . he opened his front door to see the loud teenagers next to him moving out of the building . newline  barry ? hey , hey ! barry !  newline newline barry spun . in front of him stood a man he barely recognized . newline  patrick ?  newline  yeah ! hey , how ya been ! shit , have nt seen you since high school !  newline  i m good , wow , how are things with you ? uh , i ve got a minute .  newline  yeah , i just got back ...  newline newline barry walked with his old partner in crime . newline newline  hey , i almost forgot . starting a new job at the casino today . i got ta catch ya later .  newline they exchanged numbers and parted ways . newline newline barry was almost strutting towards the bus stop . newline a man was installing a new sign above a small shop . newline barry did nt notice . newline cats were fighting in a nearby ally . newline barry did nt notice . newline as barry swung his left leg forward , taking the shortest path below the mans ladder , he felt a pain in his neck . a solid click click click  echoed inside his head . newline barry slapped a hand to the back of his neck . newline  what the fuck  newline two cats darted from the alleyway . newline click click  newline he locked eyes with the second cat . large , and pitch black . newline newline barry looked around , across the street was a small women s clothing store . he darted for it , knocking the ladder and sending the man sprawling on the pavement . curses rained mercilessly upon him . a cab slammed it s brakes , stopping just short of breaking barry s knees , but sliding far enough to twist his ankle . newline barry scrambled to his feet and barged into the store , spotting the nearest full length mirror beside a single changing room near the back . he limped furiously through the store knocking down multiple racks , sudden realizations spinning in his head . newline twisting his body , he peered into the mirror . just as he suspected . the dial was now set to five . newline a middle aged woman stormed towards him . the fuming lady tripped on a rack , tackling barry to the floor . barry s shoulder slammed into the mirror and it teetered on it s two hind legs before crashing to the floor . newline newline click click click click  fellow board members ,  spoke the executive director before the conference table ,  gbc representatives , engineering team , thank you all for attending today . the purpose of this meeting is to discuss the future of cerutech . from the beginning , our company goal has been to maximize happiness for all humanity , no matter the cost . we re methodical and scientific  if we try a system that does nt work , scrap it , modify it , and keep moving forward . newline newline but , in order to plan for the future , it is necessary to examine the past . we ll start with our director of engineering , gary friedrich , who will briefly the direction that our company has gone , and compare it to our new initiative . newline newline the cerutech engineer , seated close by , stood up and took the executive s place at the front of the room . a large monitor turned on behind him . newline newline  thank you , mark . in cerutech s pursuit for ultimate happiness around the world , it took an incredible r  d team to fully understand not only what makes people happy , but also how these psychological mechanisms translate to engineering solutions . our plan has historically met the model of identifying a problem , and forming a solution .  newline newline the screen switched to a presentation slide , titled  keys to happiness  , which displayed several succinct notes made in bullet point form . newline newline  for identifying the problem , we came up with results that should nt really surprise anyone . people like the company of similar people , or at least like finding similarities between themselves and others . people enjoy having basic essentials for living , as well as the ability to have more . people appreciate highlevel appreciation for abstract concepts that allow for the feeling of a fulfilled life .  newline newline the screen changed again , to an  image of a pyramid , divided by five colorful layers , arranged top to bottom   https : en.wikipedia.orgwikimaslowshierarchyofneeds  , with descriptions for each layer in the margins . newline newline  much of our research coincides with maslow s theory of a hierarchy of needs  , which categorizes the many different factors that bring people happiness . they range from meeting primal needs , to ensuring security , to meeting social needs , to meeting one s own goals and expectations . you can see how these relate to the findings i mentioned before .  newline newline the screen changed to a presentation slide titled  solutions ?  , which simply displayed a large question mark . newline newline  but meeting such a wide range of needs has proven to be tremendous challenge . our digital immersion department worked for three years on projects trying to meet each and every layer of the hierarchy of needs . the result was simply involving our manpower being split five ways , with little progression for each .  newline newline the screen changed back to the pyramid . newline newline  we then sought a bottomup approach , attempting to tackle each level of needs for happiness one at a time , starting with the most basic and primal needs first . this has been the direction we ve taken for the past 5 years . the result ...  newline newline the screen changed to display a line graph . the line rises considerably high on the left side , but levels off closer to the right . newline newline  ... was stagnation . our efforts to resolve basic human needs were not difficult , as they required simply utilizing existing infrastructure for distributing food , water , and shelter . but our rigorous testing for meeting the higher needs has been slow and fruitless . test groups have reported having only part of their needs met , and reports have been inconsistent across individuals . newline newline  but as of today , we re changing our approach .  newline newline the screen changed again , to a slide titled  behavioral engineering  . projected graphs and data charts flooded the screen . newline newline  in our research , we ve attempted simulations and scenarios involving appeals to very basic forms of happiness . the most popular  and scientifically reliable  form of this research has been tests that utilize skinner principles of  operant conditioning   https : en.wikipedia.orgwikioperantconditioning  . that is , training the brain to enjoy something . in our tests , this has come in the form of rewarding the brain by administering arbitrary values , such as  raising that person s score , number , or value   https : en.wikipedia.orgwikicookieclicker  . when we have encouraged people to associate that number personally  to their work ethic , effort , principles , or even simply overall selfvalue  this significantly increases the happiness people experience when they go through this test .  newline newline the screen changed again to three images  a group of five white men , a group of seven chinese women , and a group of four tan men of unclear ethnicity  all sitting still at tables , wearing a digital headset over their heads . the headsets each have a thick tube that trail out of frame . the people within each picture share striking similarities to one another , in body proportions and facial features  only subtle differences in clothing distinguish them from one another . newline newline  our recent digital immersion tests have also been wellreceived by the genetic engineering department . we can build on existing frameworks for happiness by further rewarding assimilation and identifying similarities with other people .  newline newline the screen changed to a stock image of five white men in business suits giving a thumbsup sign towards the camera . newline newline  our plan from here on is simply to integrate operant conditioning systems into existing mechanisms for happiness . this not only substitutes the need for humans to pursue the higher levels of the hierarchy of needs , but it also strengthens the happiness we know that people already receive . our longterm goal is a complete restructuring of happiness mechanisms through simplification . simpler systems make for happier folks . once we have yield some positive testing results with our focus group , we ll continue with plans to go fullscale with operations .  newline newline the screen changed again , the presentation slide now reading  q  a  . on cue , the board room applauded .he sat at his worn desk , alone as always . the pencil in his hand danced around his notebook , lines and shapes bringing the paper to life as his mind wandered . all he had for company was the ticking of a his father s clock , and the eerie tones of his mother s record player . with every tick of the metronome , new line was added to the page , forming a maze . he drew a new maze every day  his master had to keep changing the layout to prevent anyone from ever managing to escape . hundreds and hundreds of pages of notebook paper were piled on the shelf in the corner , and he had memorised every one . newline newline a new subject entered the maze at midnight every day . just plucked from their lives and dropped into the stone walls , the outside world oblivious that they had ever existed . noone had ever escaped , which is why he had kept his job . the first person to escape would be granted whatever they wanted by his master  so he had never made an exit . newline newline at 11:56pm , he had finished tomorrow s maze . he leaned back in his chair , contemplating whether his work was truly for the greater good , and whether he should give someone the chance to finally beat the maze . as the record player stopped at 11:59 , he made up his mind . he grabbed his pencil and went to erase just one small segment on the oter edge . newline newline the clock struck midnight . as the chimes echoed in the back of his mind , he found himself staring down at a hard stone floor , pencil still in hand.confused , he gazed around , unaware of his new surroundings . as he walked through the halls , he began to feel a sense of familiarity to this place . he tripped over a pair of skulls , and the realisation came crashing down on him . newline newline he was in the maze . newline newline and as always , he had never made an exit .there was nothing so satisfying as the last scream they made before they died . their last breath , doomed in anguish . it was like a fine wine , or a wonderful meal . i had heard it hundreds of times before , but each was unique . this time it was a couple , newlyweds , just returned from their honeymoon . i d had my eye on them for some time , but they left so suddenly . it was good fortune for me though , giving me time to prepare for them . i wanted them to feel welcome after all , this was the start of their life together . she went first  his choice . it spared some of the fun , of course , but i made a deal with the man . i let him choose which one went quickly and which one i would savor . sometimes the men chose themselves , but often times they chose their partners . love . what can you do ? as i finished with her , drinking in that last bit of despair in her voice , i looked at the man , seeing the eyes wide with fear and red with tears . his voice was hoarse from the screaming , but he still yelled . i loved that part . the defiance . breaking it ... mmm , it was wonderful . he would be slow . oh yes , days perhaps . newline newline as i carefully cleaned the blood from my knife , i whistled a merry tune , some jingle from the holidays i think . they wanted me to remember to buy a car , but i found it so catchy that i often whistled while i worked . it was hard to hear over the screams , at times , but i whistled nonetheless . my guests deserved a little tune to accentuate their stay . newline newline putting the knife back in its sheathe , i turned towards the man , ready to give him my full attention . instead of a young , wide eyes man full of terror , there was a very stern looking man sitting in the chair , dressed immaculately in a clean suit of purest blackness . his hair was cut short and styled handsomely , falling just over his eyes . his eyes . golden pools that shifted to silver as i watched . those eyes would look wonderful with the others . i idly wondered if they shifted that way even if they were no longer a part of him . i shivered at the thought of finding out . in some deep recess of my brain , some primal voice called out a warning to me . i ignored it . those eyes were far to valuable . outside his eyes , his face was offputtingly handsome , the face of a movie star or a model . i had never seen a man so perfect . i had to have him . newline newline  baltraxaz . i finally found you .  his voice was like the crashing of a great wave upon the rocks , drawing me to it , pulling in with its deep baritone . anger surged through that voice , along with a deep rightness . once again , i felt the pang of warning in my head . wait , who was baltraxaz ? newline newline  who are you , lovely ? i do nt recall seeing you before . and believe me , i d remember .  i idly drew the knife from its sheathe , ready to make those eyes mine . i did nt want to rush it , but he looked dangerous , and i decided i would nt be able to savor this . newline newline  stop hiding , baltraxaz . you have played inside this mortal long enough .  the pang of warning was a pounding church bell in my head , and i involuntarily took a step back as i felt my voice responding . newline newline  michael . of course he would send you . he was always too far kind to do this sort of thing himself . weak .  the man called michael s eyes flashed with a great rage , and some inner fire , and before i could blink his hand was on my throat , lifting me effortlessly into the air . newline newline  blasphemy would be a very bad idea right now , balthraxaz . i am already displeased . count yourself fortunate that my brother could not be here , he would not be so merciful as i am .  the man s grip was iron on my throat , and i choked against his grip . the inner panic overwhelmed me now , and i found myself fleeing into my mind , desperately trying to hide from those eyes . even as i hid , i felt something else surging forward . something that came from the part of me that savored the screams . something dark and beautiful . it was talking to the man called michael now . newline newline  ha , the traitor was weak as well . like his father . he abandoned us to run home to daddy .  my limbs suddenly flashed with fire , and notme grabbed michael s arm , twisted out of that steel grip . as i toppled to the ground , i looked through eyes that were no longer mine , and instead of a well dressed man , i saw a great tower of light , six wings spreading from its back and a great spear in its hand . fire burned over its head , and i as i watched , i felt my skin char under the heat of that fire . blinking , i saw again the well dressed man , standing calmly as i got to my feet . newline newline  why , balthraxaz ? why involve the mortals ? you were created to punish them , when they sinned .  you should never have left hell .  the man made no more aggressive moves , simply standing there , waiting for a response . newline newline  the screams of sinners have a certain flavor , michael , but nothing like the screams of the innocent . they are the finest vintage .  those eyes flashed again and i screamed inside my head .  do you know why it took you so long to find me , michael ? it s because all these mortals are weak ! they are all such awful sinners that even my killings were but a few drops in an ocean of death . ask anziel . you ca nt even tell a demon s work from a man s , they are so corrupt .  newline newline  not all of them , balthraxaz . some , like the man you were about to kill , are kind and brave . he chose the path of pain , in an attempt to spare his love . he chose his own suffering over hers .  michael s eyes were blazing now , moving from gold to silver too fast for me follow . newline newline  kindness ! pah ! weakness is what it is . he could nt save her , and he begged me to spare her . he would have run with his tail between his legs if i let him . we would abandon her to save his own life , every time ! he . was . weak !  i screamed at michael , feeling fire surge through my lungs . newline newline  i think not , balthraxaz . he is stronger than you know . do not mistake kindness for weakness .  there was a sudden pain in my chest , and i looked down to see the knife , my knife , sticking out of my chest . as i looked behind me , i saw the man whose life i just ruined staring at me with blazing eyes , clutching the knife in his bloodied hands . i roared , and fire spat from notmy mouth , ready to incinerate the man . before it could however , a hand clamped over my mouth and i felt the fire searing my lungs . that iron grip pulled , and some part of me tore free , dragged out by his powerful hands . as i sagged , feeling the life ebb away from me , i saw something huge and grotesque squirming in michael s grip , he raised his hand , and at the edge of my consciousness , i saw that great spear ripped through whatever had been pulled from me . there was an unearthly scream and a flash of light . newline newline  hello .  i was kneeling in the house again , looking at michael clutching the body of the monster that had been in me . as i turned to the voice , i saw a man , dressed very much like michael had been . he was slighter , with longer hair , all white , but no less handsome than michael . he had the same eyes . the eyes i yearned for . his suit was pure white . newline newline  i ve come to take you home .  he reached out for me , helping me to my feet , and i took his hand , pulling forward as my hand struck upward , aiming for those eyes . his kind gesture would cost him his eyes , and i would be free . instead of pulling him off balance , i felt myself trying to pull down the earth , and my hand slowed to a stop in front of his face . he looked at me with a sad smile , and then those eyes stared into mine .  i ve been expecting you , aaron . i heard you likes my eyes .  suddenly those eyes shone again and i screamed . i screamed and screamed as i stared into those eyes . my last thought before my consciousness shattered was michael s observation . you should never mistake kindness for weakness .a soft breeze dried the sweat off my brow as i sat in the crow s nest . i , daryll , was the oldest cabin boy aboard the  eos  . she s a beauty . i ve worked on her since i was in my early teens . now , nearing adulthood , i call it home and have earned the right to live in the crow s nest . the gentle sway would be in harmony with the wooden creaks from her trusty hull . captain tibek would march around , keeping spirits up . as each week passed , it would be harder to achieve that , but i was immune to this really since i could hide away in the crow s nest carving my little statues . wood , stone , whatever i could get my hands on , i would buidl a collection of faces and heads of people i met on my journeys . the other sailors would rarely bother to come up anymore . if we were nearing land , or the feared edge of the world  , of course i would be pretty busy , but we really did nt expect to see land yet . we had another month at least by the calculations of captain tibek . i was excited to land and prove those cartologists wrong . the reward for achieving this feat is why every man on this vessel kept going . newline newline newline it was nt instantaneous , but gradually , the weather was behaving oddly . strange cloud formations would seem to appear out of no where . when it looks like a storm is brewing , it would quickly change to calm weather . superstitions grew as the days passed . but today , today would be the worst . quarter master , burl , shouted for the captain . i could see the sailors rushing below . i frowned and squinted trying to see what the commotion was about . looking to the horizons , i saw no reason for panic . no other ships , no sea creatures ... i clambered down the ropes and jogged across the deck , dodging through the fast moving bodies . the captains door was closed , not good i thought . i looked around before clambering down into the hold . in storage , behind one of the crates , there was a small crawl space that a few of us smaller sailors could squeeze into . why ? well , to hear what s happening of course . newline newline  this is ridiculous , get the spare .  , a voice similar to the captain s . newline newline  that is the spare capin  , the quartermaster admitted ,  even the make shift ones are the same  . newline newline  well , i suppose it could be worse . we still have food  newline newline  but capin , how in the hells are we going to find our way home ?  newline newline a pot fell from the wall , i was facing it before it bounced the second time , to find another cabin boy looking sheepish .  you fuckin  idiot ! !  , i scrambled out of the cubby hole and raced back the crows nest . the other cabin boy can take the beating for eavesdropping , clumsy fool . i looked down upon the gathered crowd as the captain announced the broken compass to the crew . newline newline i was panting heavily , blood rushing through my ears from scrambling up the ropes so fast . i wish i brought some water up this time as i glanced at a dry cup . i peered down again . the blood not settling in my ears . this distracted me from the shouts below . it was disorientating . my heart rate was down , but it sounded like ... i slowly looked up to the horizon . my face went pale . unable to speak , i tugged a rope hooked to a bell , used only when we saw hostile vessels and tugged and tugged . the sound was nt rushing blood , it was rushing water . our speed had picked up , but the wind had died down . it went unnoticed for what could turn out to be a fatal length of time . newline newline bearing down upon the eos , laid a magnificent waterfall . the sides were ... there were no signs of sides . the entire ocean seemed to slip over the edge of the world  . newline newline newline there was complete panic below . the ship started turning , but without the wind , it would do nothing to avoid this disaster . i came to terms with the fact that if this entire ship is going down . i may as well have the best seat . i stopped ringing the bell . i had nt realised i had been bashing that thing for ages now . i wrapped some rope around my chest and tied it to the framework with a quick release knot . the sailors below orientated the ship back toward the edge and were all trying to see where it went . my vantage point would inform me first . newline newline there was nothing visible , just more water . the sound drowned out the shouts below . many pictures depicted the edge as this straight cut drop , like water over the edge of a bowl . but that just was nt the case . this was a gradual decline that got steeper and steeper . the ship picked up speed now , going faster than she could on her own sails . steeper and steeper , until we were practically free falling . it grew darker and darker . the ship creaked and complained under the stress , begging for relief . the sailors were all gripping the ropes , light fading . an almighty crash impacted the ship . wood splintered , the ropes snapped releasing the tension and throwing my crow s nest , along with me , around like a ragdoll . water splashed across my face from all sides . at this height ? i heard one more snapping sound as a pulley from the deck whipped up , crashed through the side of the nest and then darkness . newline newline newline i eventually came to . i hung from my make shift harness over the edge of the starboard side . the mast had snapped , but was just about holding on to the ship . i called out weakly but heard no response . it was silent now . silent and dark . it sounded like a calm summer day . my head throbbed and i worked to release myself and clambered back to the ship . i crawled back carefully . looking down , for certain , anyone who fell in there would never be found . newline newline i heard talking from the deck and made my way there .  what ... what happened ?  . newline newline  jesus boy ...  , the captain shouted ,  where the hell have you been ? i was sure you were done for back there !  newline newline i attempted to shrug , but winced in the pain . i guess my harness was nt too kind to my shoulders . i looked around ,  where ... where is everyone ? where s burl ? where s ... where s ...  newline newline  enough of that boy , we ve lost them . some fell over bored when we hit this water ... some were pulled over board by a huge tentacle !  , he portrayed a quick grab and a slow drag with his bloodied arm .  it tried to grab me too , but i was nt going down so easily !  , he picked up what appeared to be a severed end of a tentacle , it looked to be a part of something huge .  who knows what lives beneath us . the troubles of the dead have ended now and ours have just begun .  newline newline i did my best to hide my terror . my home ruined by these waters , our lives at the mercy of some sea creature , and there was no way to get back up where we came from . no wind , no light apart from the dull leaking twilight from above .  what.. what now ?  newline newline  no choice but to see where the current is taking us . we re at the mercy of this new sea . i call it the dark sea lad .  , the captain declared , facing the bow of the ship . newline newline i walked to it and saw more nothing . i could hear the water moving though . i backed away slowly returning to the small group of about five and mourned the loss of my family . we all did . newline newline  edit format  newlineact i :  newline newline  come away with me , my love , come away with me and be my bride !  newline newline i can  t love you , because i am a fairy and have no soul .  newline newline  then take a piece of mine.  newline newline this piece of soul is too big for me . i  ll grow into it by tomorrow night ... come back then , and maybe i  ll love you .  newline newline newline act ii :  newline newline  come away my love , come away with me , and be my bride.  newline newline i have grown into this piece of soul , but it  s still too small for love. newline newline  then take another piece , and i  ll come again tomorrow night , and every night for a hundred nights.  newline newline newline act iii :  newline newline every night for a hundred nights you came and gave me a piece of your soul , and every night i told you to come again tomorrow . tonight at last i have enough pieces of soul that i can hold love , and i  m filled with love for you ! why didn  t you come tonight ? i  ll be your fairy bride , my love , for i love you . let us away ! my love , why don  t you turn around ? why won  t you look at me ?  newline newline  i can  t love you . newline newline  i have no soul . i ll always remember the first time i ever did it . the slightly stale taste . the crunch as i bit into it . the prominence of the memory though , comes from the feeling of extreme satisfaction as i chewed . i was only a teenager that first time . newline newline over the years i continued . the process became a bit harder with age . i could nt move the way i used to be able to . it made things much more difficult to reach . newline newline when friends or family mentioned the act i froze and shot wary glances at the people around me . did they know ? would they tell ? newline newline my paranoia drove me from interacting . there was so much fear day in and day out that someone would find out . that one day they would call me for what i am . a monster . newline newline i sit here now , having just finished my nightly ritual and writing in my journal . the remains that i spat out sitting in the kitchen trash can . the first step is to admit you have a problem right ? so i ll finally put my addiction down on paper . may the world never find out about my deep , dark secret . newline newline every single night since i was a teenage boy i ve curled up on the bed ... ... and chewed off my toe nails .terminus newline newline the snow fell softly around the cabin the soft sound of a coffee maker was the only noise for miles . i slipped on my gear and grabbed my riffle it seamed heavier then before ... maybe it knew what it was going to be used for . i can feel the the bite of the wind as it sinks into my skin , i pull my jacket closer and slowly make my way to the roof .  i know he will be here today he comes here the same time every week..  i mutter to myself . i stand atop the small train switch station i have called home for nearly three months and raise my gun .  i m so sorry my son .  bangarcher walking down a hallway toward the camera . it  s his first day at s.h.i.e.l.d hq . some of his old isis colleagues work there as well .  newline newline archer  to himself  :  covers mouth with his hand , lets out a slight burp  ugh . i told woodhouse adding vodka to the pancake mix was a bad idea . newline newline  cuts to archer s kitchen . archer is naked , bottles of vodka are strewn about on the floor . he s holding a gun to woodhouse s head . archer is extremely drunk  newline newline archer : add . the . vodka . woodhouse . newline newline woodhouse : but ... sir ... you instructed me to never add any alcohol to your pancakes again . you know it gives you a devilish hangover . newline newline archer : ha ! so you want to keep it for yourself , woodhouse ? i do nt think so ! newline newline woodhouse : no sir . it s only that it  s eight oclock in the morning newline newline archer : that s what it is , woodhouse . i know . but i pay for this vodka . newline newline woodhouse : actually , your mother pays for it , sir . newline newline archer : i ... and ... well ...  archer lowers the gun to his side  . do you pay for it , woodhouse ? newline newline woodhouse : no sir . newline newline archer : well then add it ! newline newline  the gun goes off clipping woodhouse in the arm . woodhouse falls to the floor offscreen  newline newline archer : oh , great woodhouse , now there s blood in the pancake batter . newline newline woodhouse  from the floor offscreen  : i m terribly sorry , sir . newline newline archer : they re contaminated with your old blood ! do you want me to get ... osteoporosis ? because i think that s how you get osteoporosis . are you happy now ? newline newline woodhouse : i am completely miserable , sir . newline newline archer . well , all right . lesson learned . newline newline  pause  newline newline archer : so , pancakes . newline newline  cuts back to hallway . cyril approaches archer with director fury in tow  newline newline cyril : archer ,  meekly  hello . you have a minute ? i want to  newline newline archer : no , cyril , i do nt have a minute but now i have a headache . thanks to you . newline newline cyril : oh , well i m sorry to hea newline newline archer :  rubs his temples with his fingers  ow ! what is it with your voice ? it just ... immediately gives me a headache and makes me hate you  newline newline cyril : are nt you overreacting a  newline newline archer : more than i already did . cyril . it makes me hate you more than i did the day before .  in a lower tone  did nt even know that was possible . newline newline cyril : i  newline newline archer :  still in a low tone , to himself  god , i am hung over . newline newline fury : is this him ? newline newline cyril : yes . this is the one . archer , let me introd  newline newline archer : cyril , again with the voice ! it s time for quiet . why do nt you goorder somethingstupid . oh god i can  t even think right now . newline newline cyril : uhmm  newline newline fury : archer , i  m director fury . we  re excited to have you working with us at s.h.i.e.l.d . your past work at isis has been most impressive . newline newline  archer pauses and stares at fury and cyril  newline newline cyril : archer ? newline newline archer : agh ! cyril , go . away . god , it  s like my brain wants to jump off a building when you speak . newline newline cyril : fine ! i  ll just leave then . newline newline archer : yes . leave . newline newline  cyril leaves . there  s another pause as archer and fury look at each other  newline newline archer : and you are ? newline newline fury :  irritated  director fury . newline newline archer : uhhuh . newline newline fury : of s.h.i.e.l.d . where you now work . newline newline archer : right . newline newline fury : your new boss . newline newline archer : ok but i can  t be micromanaged . that  s why my high school aptitude test said . i sort of need to do my own thing or i get kinda ... upset , i guess is the word . newline newline fury : i  ve reviewed all of your test scores . i believe that your ideal career came back as ballerina . newline newline archer : wha  no , mother filled that part out ! that was her dream , not mine , even though i do have these amazing arches in my feet . i should put that on my dating profile . newline newline fury : enough ! look , archer . i don  t think you realize the gravity of the work we do here . we  re dealing with threats that isis wasn  t capable of handling . newline newline  archer has been watching an attractive secretary walk past them  newline newline archer : uhhuh , speaking of handling , what  s the office relationship policy here ? not that i plan on sticking to it . it  s just , you knowi actually don  t even know why i  m asking . newline newline fury : archer ! you need to focus ! this is important ! our enemies are only squaring off against us lightly now , but you better believe they  ll be coming harder and faster soon . it  s a constant stream . newline newline  archer raises his eyebrows and pauses  newline newline archer : seriously ? you  re not going to touch that ? newline newline  end  newline newline newline newline newline nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   captain , we ve discovered the discrepancy .  newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   on screen ,  eagerly replied feltch . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  intercepted frequencies were projected onto the fore window , treating the bridge to a view of a domicile very much like the ones the human crew could call home , if only older fashioned . it had a roof , windows , and doors , but it was tethered to wires and sheltered a wheeled vehicle . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   very picturesque , android 18 .  remarked the captain ,  but i do nt see anything out of the ordinary .  newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   i advise you continue watching , captain ,  replied the android . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  another car entered the picture , pulling astride the seeming home . from it emerged what also seemed very much like a human male bearing a box . the creature strode up to the door and rang its bell . the door opened and inside was yet another human male . the view switched to that from inside the house , looking towards the open door . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   someone order a pizza ?  asked the man holding the box . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   a pizza ?  repeated the captain , incredulous . he turned to his second in command with a look of annoyance in his face . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   please , sir ,  said the android , motioning towards the screen ,  you are about to miss the discrepancy .  newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  the captain turned his head around just in time to come facetoface with the two men in each other s arms , kissing , the foodstuff having completely disappeared . feltch was transfixed by the graven image . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   android 18 , is it that week on this planet ?  clothes flickered past on screen as the human men were quickly exposing themselves in a frenzied state . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   surprisingly no , captain ,  replied the android ,  carnal reenactments such as you see before you are commonplace on this planet , and are not restricted to a mating cycle . i have calculated that several petacubits of this form of entertainment flows around the planet through its data infrastructure at all hours , nonstop . traces of it are found in every facet of the planet s everyday society .  newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  the captain stoically considered the android s findings , framed by an undulating mountain of flesh . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   you mean to say  newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   that they do it all the time , sir ? yes . these are not your people . we are in an alternate universe .  newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  the captain s head lowered . he turned back towards his crew , now witnessing a resplendent display of probes disappearing into so many moaning holes . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   poor bastards . first day of departure . i can tell this human has no idea what he s doing , because i m sure he ll be laughed at if anyone sees him carrying me like i m some pet of his . i hardly feel sorry for him , he s only bringing this upon himself . he brought me home , hugged me and tucked me in my own little bed . i suppose i should thank him for the warm blankets in the morning . whatever , i guess it s bed time . newline newline it s been a few days i ve been with this punk . he brings me everywhere and shows me off to everyone like i m special , though i d love to show him my several thousand clones and show how wrong and stupid he is . he even brought me to this place called school  , and like i said , the others all laughed at him . newline newline another day at school , and today some random loser decided to tug me away from my owner and hold me for ransom like some helpless hostage . ugh , if only i could muster the ability to turn around and slap his smug grin off his ugly little face . and when was the last time this kid took a shower ? he stinks like those eggs that fell on me the other day . newline newline i ve been in this random treasure trunk for five years now . five . boring . uneventful years . i think i remember the trunk moving around a couple years ago , but it s all but stopped . i have no idea where i am , or where my master is . maybe he s gone forever . serves him right , should nt have been walking around with something so childish like me . newline newline ten years ... ten years . i m still in this trunk , and i felt it jumble around today . i ve been collecting dust for this whole time , and i m just grateful i do nt need to breathe . i heard some voices outside for the first time in ... i do nt know how long . i think it was something about a sale , but it does nt seem like i ll be moving out of this trunk still . i wonder if they still know i m in here . newline newline freedom ! or at least , open space ! i was brought out of the trunk today and set up on a table outside . it was a bright and sunny day , the grass was green , it was a breath of fresh air ! although i could nt breathe , it was nice to be rid of that dusty old trunk and be cleaned for once . i think i saw my old punk owner , but he looked so much bigger , kinda sad looking fella now . newline newline second day of being outside . lots of people walking around looking at the different things beside me . i do nt know what they are exactly , but i do nt think you re supposed to expect much from a brain made of fluff . some little girl walked up to me and picked me up . i do nt know why she d ever want something like me , especially with this exaggerated smile on my face all the time , but ... the way she hugged me , it reminded me of that time all those years ago . maybe these punks were nt so bad after all ... newline newline okay , so the girl took me home with her . not a very nice place i might add , and her blankets are a bit scratchy , but i should nt complain . it s much better than that dusty trunk . the girl loves playing with me . we drink tea , go outside and play hide and seek or jump in rain puddles . she also cries a lot , and always comes to me like i can offer my support somehow . i do nt know what s wrong with this kid . she tells me she wishes she had more friends like me , or that her family could buy enough food so she can eat . i sometimes wish i could really offer her some tea like she always pretends i do . newline newline a couple of weeks have gone by . the girl takes me everywhere with her now . we were playing at the park when some big guy came up to us and asked to see me , no idea why . the girl refused , clutching me tightly , which thankfully did nt hurt too much . the man offered to pay money to see me then , and she still refused , even running back to her house , which was just across the street , and hiding in her room . there was a knock on the door , and the girl s parents answered . they came in and looked at me and the girl , then offered to take us on a short trip . newline newline we went to this really big and tall white building with a lot of people in it . the people wore really weird clothing , and lots of them were lying in beds in different rooms . the man who wanted me earlier brought us into a room where a little bald boy laid on a bed , sleeping . i did nt know who he was or what he was doing here , but the man wanted to give me to him . my clones were apparently no longer available in stores , so he could nt find any more of me , saying that his son used to have one of me before but lost it and he was willing to pay a lot of money for me . the parents talked to the girl for a little while , saying they really needed to give me away now . i did nt want to stay here , because it smelled weird , but the girl gave me a really tight hug , apologized to me and handed me to the big man . he thanked her a lot and put me beside the boy . i hope i do nt have to stay here too long . newline newline edit because my own grammatical errors irk me inconsequentially or something like that . really i just felt like using the word inconsequentially  , but i did have to fix a thing or two .it was a day like any other in ankhmorpork , items were bought and sold and the currency used to pay for them was promptly stolen . that is , until a silence befell the city . it is said that an unheard cry from the great atuin stopped the city in its tracks , others said it was the shared human , troll , and dwarfity that caused the quiet ,  but even corporal nobby nobbs stopped so that must be rubbish  . only the silence tolled by the bell atop the unseen university truly conveyed the sadness of the moment . even the river ankh against all odds , like the hopeless chances of the inception of a flat world on a giant turtle , managed to stand even stiller still . newline newline death placed a bony hand on an old man s shoulder , at last , sir terry , we must walk together .  newline newline goodbye sir terry pratchett , and thank you .and so , he bitterly asked  why ?  newline newline  because that  s the way it is , john.  his mother said . newline newline and , he listened . newline newline when he set his mind to it , the blue jays stopped teasing him with their long sweeps through the air . the butterflies stopped taunting him with their lazy twirls in the cool summer breeze . even the hawk , that could dive through the air with supreme confidencea being so in control of its body that even the great apes of the world would pause and watch as the king of the skies soaredeventually faded to obscurity in the hazy winds of life . newline newline but , dreams die hard . as john grew older , his mind wandered . the clouds still begged him to join them in that great blue canvas . to float amongst the cloudsthat would be true freedom . only , the birds were blessed with that freedomwith the ability to cast of earth  s shackles and shrug free of that massive weight . man could not fly  that was how it is . but , man could climb those rebellious peaks that broke free of their brothers and stretched vainly toward the sky . why didn  t man climb ? newline newline and so , he bitterly asked  why ?  newline newline  shut up and drink a beer.  his best friend said . newline newline and , he listened . newline newline when he thought about it , climbing a mountain was dangerous . soon , those mysterious peaks , where man danced with cloud and earth , became laced with fear and risk . those towering spires that broke the sky , could also break a man . even the views soon grew stale . a thousand men took a thousand pictures , most of the same thing , so that the masses did not have to . newline newline but , dreams die hard . as john started his family and waded deep into his career , his mind wandered . the true allure of the skies and flying were to be free . now he was an adult , with money and the means  he could still break free . the world opened to those who asked , and it could all be his . the sights , the journeys , and that primal freedom could all be his . all this , and more , for the traveler , all while still safely abiding earthen chains . why didn  t men travel ? newline newline and so , he bitterly asked  why ?  newline newline  john . we talked about this . you have a family now . you have responsibilities.  his wife said . newline newline and , he listened . newline newline in a flash , the thought passedjust a vague fancy on a floating breeze to tickle his mind . without him his family would wither . it wasn  t long before any thought of leaving home left a panic : how would his children get by ? what would his wife do ? who would take care of his home , his car , his life ? newline newline dreams die hard , but over time , all must fade . even dreams , the most immortal of man  s creations , must eventually succumb  it is the earthly curse . those heavy chains , that titanic burden , will crush even the most resolute of heart . as time wore on , john lived his life . his mind did not wander , until the day he lay on his death bed , when his own prisons were at their weakest . he saw a lone butterfly settle on the windowsill , and that childhood wish came drifting back . to fly , to be free of his broken body , would be heaven . why didn  t man fly ? newline newline and so , he bitterly asked  why ?  newline newline only the gentle breeze came in response . newline newline this time , he listened . newlinethe sound of elevator music is nagging , annoying even . i ve never liked these hotel elevators , but walking up to the 15e floor sounded worse in my mind . the floor was covered in a crimson carpet , years of scraping must have made the middle of the elevator floor a little bit lighter and the golden buttons were showing their white plastic through the cracks . i have no idea why the interviewer wanted to meet face to face when the job is a simple firewall check of their new system . why would this hotel even need one ? it s so old . i should not question it , it s a decent job and i sure as hell needed one . a soft ding and a lit up button above the door made it clear that i have arrived . a thump announced that the elevator had stopped and the grinding sound of metal on metal corresponded with the opening of the doors . newline newline the halls were long and plain , almost sterile . the walls were a bit offwhite but the floor was pristine white and clean . the absence of furniture made me worry a bit , shrugging off any doubts i have i walked down the hall . the numbers next to the doors were made of glass and the lights were hurting my eyes . it almost felt like walking through a hospital .  hello ?  , my voice echoed through the empty hallway , sounding the same as screaming down a well . the sound of clicking heels made me turn around . but there was no one in sight . the hallway returned to complete silence . a tap on the shoulder startled me , my heart raced as i turned my head to face the person standing behind me . our eyes locked , his poisonous green eyes stared into my soul , the hard features of his face made me flinch .  mister rivers i presume .  his voice sounded like it was made using a cigarette smoke and motor oil . it vibrated the fear right into my heart .  ye ... yes ?  , my voice cracked from the pure intimidation that this man embodied . newline newline  you are here for the job interview , are you not.  . he stared me down , i felt cornered , why am i here ?  follow me .  his voice more commanding and stern . he turned around and started walking towards an open door . i hesitantly followed him into the bright room . i looked back into the hallway hoping someone saw me , but it was completely empty . the sound of his heels disappeared and it felt like the light flashed bright before dimming down . i automatically squinted , trying to follow the man . i tried to locate him while my vision was readjusting but the room was empty . the only thing in the room was a small table in the middle of the room . the sound of elevator music started playing softly , i turned around to walk out the room but where there would be a door , there was only a wall . i slid my hands over the wall , not believing my own eyes . i looked around the cold room , there were no windows . it s all smooth pristine white . no discrepancy to be seen . the elevator music started becoming louder . almost deafening . newline newline i looked at the table , solitaire , uninviting , cold . atop the table there was a large brown envelop . in a crude handwriting it said your instructions are inside.  . the beating of my heart hurt my chest , the bright light disoriented my senses , the sound of the elevator music made me nauseous . i quickly opened the envelop and a stinging sensation riddled my body . the music stopped leaving me behind with white noise lingering in my ears . centred in the middle of the paper , a message was typed in a small black font , while my eyes read over the letters , the walls began to lower . i was in the centre of a large windowless warehouse , hollow blocks started to raise out of the ground around me . each with weapons , clothes and armour inside . the message rang through my head , becoming louder and louder until a burning sensation in my arm shocked me out of my paralysis . memories of a life i had not lived came flooding through me , an unknown instinct kicked in and i put my hand over the flesh wound on my arm . reflexes that were nt mine grabbed a hunting knife and used it as a mirror to see where the shot came from . as i locked eyes with the poisonous green eyes my lips formed the words from the message written in the small black font . newline newline the job starts now .  i havent seen you kill a single zomebie ever  . newline newline  so ?  newline newline  how have you gotten this far without pulling your eight by defending yourself ?  newline newline  woh , thats a bit harsh , do nt see why you need to body shame me and disparage people of obese nature  . newline newline  thats absurd , and has nothing to do with what im talking about . have you killed any zombies ?  newline newline  what about hedgegrove ?  newline newline  what about hedgegrove ?  newline newline  you said you killed two zombies there , and that was last week  newline newline  yeah about that , what actually happened was that decayed support beam holding up some barrels just happened to give away as i was running past , barrels fell onto a ledge rolled over a few feet then fell into a brick wall collapsing it , there was a pitch fork that got compressed by the falling bricks and rebounded , fucken thing flew right across just as the two zombies came through the archway , nailed both in the head . was cool as fuck . i would nt have believed it myself if i had nt tripped and fallen on my ass . i sat there for a moment . reveling that blind luck saved me from certain death and tried to kill me . i had a good laugh about that . greg and eva came around the corner just as i was pulling the fork from the corpses  newline newline  the fork was nt out of the skulls for more than a few seconds before we were running back to the truck . they assumed i did the deed and i went along with it . they seemed pretty pumped about it and i did nt feel like bringing them down by telling them it was all by chance  . newline newline  wait a minute your not morally offended by persisting a lie making you look like a resourceful murderer but chewing with my mouth open and talking with food in my mouth is disgusting to you .  newline newline  yes .  newline newline  so you have killed no zombies since donald trump shut down obamacare  newline newline  that is correct .  newline newline  i m actually surprised that its been this long before anyone noticed or said anything . we ve been through scranton , sheffield , du bois and fox burg . fox burg i thought i was done . everyone was covered in blood but me , and nobody said anything then . so if anything you are all equally to blame as much as i am .  newline newline  lets eat him .  newline newline  i got aids .  newline newline  okay , so your basically a half zombie , should nt make it too hard then  newline newline  that does nt matter , you only get aids when you have fluid to fluid contact . we ll cook you first .  newline newline  fuck . joshua sully , descendent of the legendary turok maktu jake sully , wandered the city streets . there was no green anymore . spires of rock and metal pierced the sky . the soft whir of the superconductor generator facility came was the only that broke the silence . the fight had not gone well . around him lay the remains of his banshee , crumpled and unmoving . it was done though . the magnesium oxide had been successfully combined with the unobtanium in the generator . the alarms screamed to life . general evacuation , meltdown imminent . if his calculations were correct this meltdown should blow half the moon to smithereens , maybe even decay the orbit enough to crash it . no matter . his people were dead . terriforming the air does that to the indigenous .my boy , evan , was one of the nicest boys i d ever met . he was about 1 , and when he first wrapped me out of my box on christmas day , he looked like he was about to explode . he cuddled with me every night , and even gave me a special little hat . he named me cuddlybear , because i was so soft and fuzzy . newline newline when evan was 5 , he was always worrying about monsters under his bed . he checked every night for monsters . he looked under his bed with his flashlight , but there were no monsters . but little did he know i could see monsters under his bed every night . they were big and furry with huge fangs , and they could turn invisible . they looked at me every night , then quickly turned invisible again . i knew i had to protect evan from them . newline newline a month later , i was in evan s new toy box his parents got him . it was horrible in there . one night , when evan was fast asleep , i could hear a bump under his bed . the monsters were coming for him , and i was out of sight , so i could nt scare them away . what could i do ? newline newline my friends in the toy box were pushing me to the top , so i could get a view of what it was about to do . i opened the lid of the toybox , and there evan was , wide awake , laying away from the monster . it opened its mouth , fangs revealed . it let out a loud roar , and evan screamed as loud as he could . i opened the lid of the toy box , jumped out , and ran to the monster , jumping on it and hugging its face . newline newline it screamed as smoke poured out of its face , eyes gouged in pain . it was disintegrating , as i was taking it down . it finally disappeared and i was left standing there , in front of evan . he hugged me as i jumped in his arms . i heard his parents coming upstairs , and that s when i froze where i was and stopped where i was . newline newline he s 12 now , and i m here in the dumpster waiting to be taken away by the garbage men . that s basically my life story for you . that was fun , was nt it ?i ve often found travelling to the beach a rather dull affair . what with all the sand , water and people , there is barely any room for adventure . no matter how many clueless teenagers in tight bikinis , or muscle clad surfers searching for that  next big kahuna , dude !  , there just does nt seem to be the adequate amount of giant sharks , angry sea monsters or rampaging radioactive bipedal lizards from the pacific to even the playing field . newline newline  cheer up , hammock.  kevin said . newline newline he s really the only reason i do nt just walk off into the gentle waves and into the maws of the closest cephalopod . without his roguish charm and plasticinelike face , resembling that of a man halfway through his planet of the apes makeup , today would have been quite droll . newline newline  i d love to , kevin dear . but did we really have to bring keven along ?  i whined . newline newline  now now , you know that i m contract bound to bring him along . otherwise there s no way they d let me get away with the stuff i did in hollow man.  newline newline  i have a natural swagger !  yelled keven . newline newline i sighed defeatedly , i knew there was no point arguing this point again . kevin did nt like keven any more than i did . we both knew he did nt choose to be this way , but keven was just an unbearable person to be around . his constant regurgitation of kevin s work was as off putting as some of the leftover baconbananabonanza s i d brought with me from last nights cooking class . i could nt decide whether to go sweet or savoury and ended up adding a whole bottle of vinegar trying to even it out . either way , keven was seriously impacting our relationship and now i was getting tired of it . newline newline  come on , ham . let s go grab a spot by the waves . now that the tides going out , maybe we can build a sand castle ?  . kevin always had a way of brightening the mood . even the constant barrage of keven quoting kevin could nt thwart this high . newline newline just as we sat by the sand , trowel in hand , the ground started to vibrate . the waves began to build and crash , spraying us with a mist of seawater that , i was nt sure , felt cooler than travelling down my legs at the moment . a huge crack !  sounded , and the ground opened up a huge fissure in the earth , deeper and darker than i could ever imagine . newline newline  tremors !  screeched keven , as he fled towards the ocean . newline newline kevin went to grab keven , knowing he could nt mimic swimming as kevin had never swam in a movie . but as soon as he reached out to grab him , a fierce created burrowed towards them and the ground collapsed under keven . newline newline the raging seas slowed and the earth slowed to a rumble . the only sound that could be heard was the crunching of bones and a high pitched footloose quotes being exalted until an abrupt end . newline newline i grabbed on to kevin s speedo as we both gazed over this chasm to bear witness to the horror within . newline newline inside we saw the remains of our dearly despised caricature of kevin and covered in gore , what looked to be a well fed and amused pig . newline newline  ... francis ?  newline newline  is that you kevin ?  replied the slaughterhouse horror show . newline newline  what brings you here , son ?  kevin asked in incredulity . newline newline  i just wanted to borrow some money is all , father  newline newline  how much ?  inquired kevin , whose tone had shifted from disbelief to unamused . newline newline  about three fiddy . he wrapped her up slowly . by no means was christmas his favorite time of the year but the gift wrapping was always his forte and it carried on to this wrapping , even if it was his dead wife s body . newline newline no longer was he crying . simply completing the task . moving step by step to conceal a body lay inside the sheets and tarps . newline newline  no mess . absolutely clean . be careful , dan .  he thought to himself . newline newline it was clear he was planning to ditch the body . to leave it somewhere far away or deep within the ocean . the ocean that lay 4 short hours away . a short trip to expunge himself from the past hours of his horrible life . newline newline  why claire ? why did it have to come to this ?  newline newline he asked to his dead wife as he stood over the wrapped body . a body wrapped so tightly , securely that you d think it was a dead body , of course there was no way to hide that , but you d think it to be a child of 80 pounds or so . while clair was a solid 140 pounds , dan packed his gift  meticulously small . newline newline the next hour or so was a dimly lit montage of dan packing his wife in the subaru station wagon with a burnt out headlight and cleaning up .  damn that burnt out headlight  dan would think in a few hours as he drove towards the ocean . hoping no police officer would pull him over . newline newline dan returned inside to the mess . it was tiny . it was ... neat . neat for a place that held the death of a thirtysomething woman by partial strangling and somewhat of a destructive dance of life or death . there was some blood . but nothing a few paper towels could nt handle . newline newline sigh newline newline dan stood there . he stood there for an uncomfortable amount of time . his hands found his face and he began to weep . it all hit him . the events that had occurred had rushed over him . too much for him to hold in . not much time for crying , though . dan finished up and walked back to the bedroom . newline newline opening his bedroom door he drew in a deep breathe to help calm himself . newline newline  chloe . danny . are you okay ?  newline newline the children nodded slowly . surely they had heard what had just happened in the other room . surely they were aware of whom was no longer in the house . surely things would be different now . newline newline  okay . did you pack your things ?  newline newline small and gentle nods . newline newline  good . i packed us a few sandwiches for the road . let s go .  newline newline as dan and his children exited the house and entered the car . the car where she lay in the trunk . dan felt somewhat at ease . no longer would his wife have to struggle with anything . newline newline normally she would nt hit the kids , hard . normally she would nt have been screaming and swinging this much . normally was out the window earlier this evening . elizabeth almost took her children s lives . danny , only 6 , now possessed two purple handlike marks around his neck while chloe had a few scratches with small bits of blood from elizabeth s scratching and clawing towards her as dan held her down . newline newline dan loved his wife , no question . he would have done anything for elizabeth . this is why he d gone through more than a decade of therapy with her . years with doctors attempting to help her with her mental instability . life was not kind to elizabeth but dan was the middleman ensuring she got along quite nice . and they did . most of the time . newline newline but no matter how much dan loved elizabeth , he loved his kids more . somewhere , deep down , dan knew that elizabeth would have wanted this . safety for their kids .in the sunlit field out by the barn on the chandler farm . fran has just graduated from high school and is spending as much time as she can before going to college . after the long ride out in the country she loves , on the horse she raised for a 4h project years ago . won a ribbon for it . now , she hauled a bag of feed to sit and think about those days . newline newline newline newline newline after graduating college , fran traveled the world with her boyfriend , got married . got pregnant . now she sits with her newborn daughter in a field on her own farm feeding a foal her 4h horse had .i used to think time could change a man . but it does nt , we are all who we are , the change is in our mask . the easier it is to live , the easier it is to act like you think you should , but a man that would kill you to save his own life is always that man  he just does nt know it until his life is threatened . newline newline i used to be a therapist , not the  sit down and tell me about your life  kind , i was a physical therapist  i spent my 20 s showing people they could get better . that s why i thought people could change  watching a man who s given up find that inner spark and keep moving forward , it makes you want to we can all become the person we need to be . but it s just not the truth . the man who overcame losing his hand would have over come losing both hands , his feet , his hearing , his vision , it would nt have mattered : he would have overcame . newline newline and the man who gave up the minute he became a paraplegic , well , he would have given up to something much smaller . it s because deep down , under everything you tell yourself , you ve already made your choice , already answered the big question ,  am i a survivor ?  newline newline all of this flashes through my mind for a fraction of a second as we stare at each other over the lifeless corpse between us . the fire pit , like the body , had long been dead , and neither of us could have told you for how long , or which happened first . but none of that mattered . what mattered was the bottles that lay next to the dead mans backpack . in the initial scramble , so many necessities were over looked , reliable fire starting materials , compasses , quality knives , and most important , durable bottles to store water . and those half dozen bottles sitting there were all lifesaver systems 4000uf s . the only bottle who s lack of a return policy was their promise it would last a lifetime . newline newline i see his hands drifting , slowly , to his waist , while keeping his eyes on me . my knife , already in hand , perfectly balanced for my hands , i speak first . newline newline  before you reach for that snub nose currently pointed at your cock , you should ask yourself two questions : you think you can grab it before i can throw my knife ? and what are the odd s a snub nose will shoot straight at 30 feet ?  newline newline his hands hesitate , feigning reconsideration , but i can see in his eyes , his jaw , that his mind is still set .  no the question i have to ask myself is ,  will my actions affect your s , or is your mind all ready made up ?  because i think you re already calculating if i m the kind of guy that will go down with a knife to the gut , or if you have to risk a more difficult and more lethal throw .  newline newline this man would have overcome a wheel chair . i shift my weight , ready to drop and roll should his revolver make an appearance .  the way i see it , we can roll the dice , take a fiftyfifty chance that you are the faster shot , or we can pretend the bombs never dropped . for a minute pretend our world never changed , act with civility , and split the water bottles down the middle and go our separate ways . how do you want to do this ?  newline newline i can see his mind working , what kind of man is he ? a loaded question these days . back when the world was still jogging in place and not a race for survival there were all kinds of people , but now the only people left are survivors , all that varies is how well that identity fits us . he begins raising his hands . newline newline  okay , we can still be people . your knife is already in hand , so here s what we will do  you will walk forward , take your three bottles and walk back . you will keep walking , until you re gone and no one is gon na have to die . can we do this ?  newline newline i remember how i used to fix the broken . how every one of their victories was mine too , how every wobbly , shaky step on a prosthetic leg s echo would whisper through the gym , a triumphant shout to the gods that they would not stay broken . newline newline  yeah , we can do that . so let s stay calm , i m going to walk to him now .  i begin taking my slow , shaky steps toward the body , toward the bottles , adrenalin already pumping . i can tell that this is new to him , he s getting edgy now .  hey man , everything s gon na be okay  my words seem to only increase his jitteriness  his mind begins to become hypervigilant . eye s darting around , behind me , next to me , in front of me , to the bottles , the body , the woods around us . newline newline  hey man , it s all good . hey ! eyes here ! on me . i m the one you need to worry about .  his panic becomes ever more visible . newline newline  what does that mean ? ! ? you got buddies out there ? is that it ? you gon na have them jump me as you leave ?  his hands start to fall to his waist again . newline newline  hands up ! eye s here ! no one else is here , it s just us , you and me . we made a deal , remember ? three for me , three for you . do nt fuck up what could have been just fine .  newline newline i m at the body now , bottles almost in my reach .  i m right here , look at me . i m not gon na do anything , i m picking them up now .  15 feet away , i can smell his sweat from here .  look , i have my three , no one else is here , this is all almost over , i just need you to  my words are cut off by an owl s hoot from no further then 30 feet away . newline newline his head spins toward the noise as his hands rush for his snub nose ,  i fucking knew there was someone else  he tries to shout , but only manages ,  i fuck  as my knife finds his throat  a much easier throw from fifteen feet . he looks down at the knife sticking out from the base of his throat , less then half and inch above his collar bone and dead center . newline newline  oh shit  is all he can say as he crumples to the ground and i collect my bottles and search the rest of the now two body s gear . newline newline i used to think people changed , but they do nt . eight years ago if you d have asked me if i d have killed a man for a bottle , i would have said  no .  four years ago i d have asked you ,  how thirsty am i ?  but today i know that the years do nt matter , the question i would have always asked myself is ,  do i want the bottle ?  people do nt change , the only thing that changes is if the world let s us be true to ourselves , to who we are . newline newline and who am i ? newline newline i crouch down , lighting the crummy camp stove sitting next to the bottles and cut a juicy looking hunk of meat from the more recently deceased body , tossing it into a pan over the flame . newline newline i m a survivor . newlinethe fake sneeze does little to disguise the matteroffact pronouncement . newline newline  you re a hack ,  nothing declares for the twentysix thousand , three hundred , fortysixth time . newline newline the sneeze is something nothing has been trying out these last one hundred , twentythree go arounds . though the delivery methods have changed , the tone stays steadfast and emotionless : like a child explaining what a cow says . newline newline since twelve oclock this past tuesday , i ve come to the silent realization that nothing s just jealous . newline newline after all , nothing s no more than another desperate fan trying to hitch a constantly shedding , increasingly klutzy cart to my success wagon  a wagon nothing happily coasted behind all the way to new york with me . newline newline now here i sit with nothing over my shoulder , a deadline breathing down my neck , and a blank page staring up at me . newline newline  you re a hack .  newline newline no sneeze this time . newline newline twentysix thousand , three hundred , fortyseven . newline newline nothing affects me . nothing moves me . nothing strikes me as worthwhile . newline newline  you re a hack .  newline newline yes sneeze . newline newline twentysix thousand , three hundred , fortyeight . newline newline if i m being honest , i have nt ever really taken a good look at nothing . brown haired ... i think . that s what s nearly covering the apartment , at least . newline newline  you re a hack .  newline newline yes sneeze . newline newline twentysix thousand , three hundred , fortynine . newline newline i ve begged my friends not to mention nothing . susanne has become almost infatuated , as she would . anything i have is never mine for long , good or bad . newline newline it s incredibly lonely upon this artistic pedestal , and how quickly those who helped me up were burnt by the rays of my success . newline newline  you re a hack .  newline newline  shut up ! shut up ! shut up !  i scream , whirling around in my chair . newline newline my face is level with nothing s chest . newline newline i raise my eyes to meet nothing s . newline newline  i m leaving you . it can be difficult for amanda to keep up with kyle , he was just so perfect . not once in their life together had he forgotten a single thing , not one anniversary , birthday , or plan they d ever made was left behind . he knew her so well and every gift he d ever gotten her had her almost in tears with how thoughtful it was . just last week he came home with a bottle of wine and take out from that tiny little italian place across the city . she had been just thinking how much she had enjoyed it when they last went there years ago on their honeymoon . newline newline amanda had a secret weapon though , she was blessed with the ability to rewind time , she made regular use of it to show kyle the same kindness he brought to her . every day she would rewind when kyle got home to be sure dinner was ready and freshly plated as soon as he took his coat off . she made sure that nothing of his was ever misplaced , anything he would look for was always right at his side when he needed it . amanda always felt guilty , feeling like it was cheating to use her gift when kyle would effortlessly outdo her of his own merit alone . amanda loved him , and she felt her life was truly blessed . newline newline kyle lifted himself up from the unfamiliar bed , rubbed his face and grunted at the woman next to him . he did nt learn her name ... or he might have , he could nt remember anything from the night before . he did nt have to . with half a thought he was back in his car the afternoon before , driving past the dive bar he had turned into the first time around . he felt guilt , he usually did , but when you spend your life able to fix any mistake you could possibly make you do nt really form any sense of impulse control . he decided he d ask amanda what kind of jewelry she liked once he got home and pick something up before he leaves the office today . newline newline he opened his front door and walked to his wife , dutifully setting the table . newline newline  hey , if i bought you a necklace , what would you want it to look like ?  he asked , the usual confusion showing in amanda s eyes . as far as she knew he never asked these things , he just knew . newline newline  oh , i do nt know ...  kyle slapped her across the face , he did nt have the patience . newline  ... i guess i like rose gold ...  he grabbed her hair and slammed her head against the kitchen table . newline  ... maybe something with a thin chain ?  his hand closed around a steak knife she had laid out . six times he stabbed her . newline  i d really prefer a bracelet though !  he threw her to the ground and kicked until she stopped moving . newline newline amanda heard the car pull up and began to set the table . kyle walked in , wrapped his arms around her and kissed her deeply . as he let her go her eyes lit up at the jewelry box he had pulled from his pocket . what a wonderfully perfect man , she could nt be more happy with him .the world is still largely arguing amongst themselves on whether they made the right decision or not . whether they should have pulled the trigger early or not . but it s too late now . loxodonta africana . the african elephant . virtually wiped out by 2034 due to heavy poaching , there were only two living specimen left in captivity . newline newline in a conservation effort , they were relocated to a special sanctuary . a lot of money was poured into this project . everyone believed that these elephants still had a chance . they still had a male and female and they hoped these majestic beasts will reproduce again , despite concerns about the gene pool . newline newline the offsprings people hoped for never came . the elephant pairing appeared to have mated on several occasions but the female did not get pregnant . many started asking questions , some suggesting a more thorough look at the pair , whether any scientific and technological meddling is required . just as many objected to the idea , insisting that the pair be left alone lest they be stressed beyond reason . in the end , nothing happened . eventually the world forgot about the couple . newline newline however , they soon reemerged in the news . it s common knowledge that elephants do not age and die like other animals on the planet . they merely grow larger after hitting maturity and does not stop growing . nobody has ever seen them grow past the standard perceived by many though , largely due to early deaths caused by poachers . no one s touching the two gray giants since and they re now enormous . newline newline both of them are now as tall as a six storey building and became a media sensation . hundreds of photos and dozens of videos were produced . people were amazed at these marvels of the earth . many flocked to africa to get a glimpse of these twin behemoths . soon the question about offsprings came back on the table . there were concerns about their continuing growth and their lack of young and what it means for the african elephants as a species . more arguments ensued but , yet again , resulted in nothing . the concensus seemed to be wait and see  . newline newline it is now 2093 and the elephants are now lumbering giants like nothing that anyone have ever seen . they re now as tall as the empire state building . their growth certainly did not go unnoticed but the people s hesitance on putting a stop to their growth has let them come to this size . obviously they are now a menace to everything in the vicinity . newline newline eventually a decision was made to put them down . a dozen strike teams were organized to take them both down but they underestimated these monsters . it appears that they not only grew big , their skin became as tough as steel and the infantry could do nothing . eventually tanks , airstrikes , missile launchers and the like were used . the battle took days and took the entire earth s military power to take an elephant down . just one . the surviving male is now in rampage and is unstoppable . newline newline tactical nuclear strike is now in heavy consideration .... i must admit , i had expected this to happen eventually . when i first heard about the replacers , i had to take a long and hard look at my own life . after my second year in college , everything had seemed to go downhill  i had barely graduated with a degree in history  i started school as an aerospace engineer  , i work at my dad s convenience store , and i have nt managed to keep a relationship going for long enough to buy an anniversary gift . hell , i do nt even remember to brush my teeth most days . so when he showed up on my doorstep , i was nt surprised . newline newline newline  hi , i m ... .  he began . newline newline newline  yeah . i m gon na stop you right there . i know who you are . i saw you walk up the driveway . you re here to replace me , right ?  newline newline newline  more like i am here to get us back on track .  he smiled . god , is that how smug i look when i smile ?  we could lived a much better life . remember that cute biology major we met one night in the starbucks ? we were supposed to date her , and eventually marry her . that internship at lockheed ? we were supposed to get that , and it was supposed to lead to a job at nasa . remember that hot fashion designer that gordon met in boston ? we were supposed to go with him to her fashion show , in milan ! but instead , we live in dumpy ojai , work at the dumpy cashndash , and live a dumpy life . so here s what s going to happen . i am taking the wheel , and you are going to disappear .  newline newline newline  you re going to kill me ?  newline newline newline  what ? no , no . you are going to literally disappear . when i get our life back on track , you will begin to psychically fuse into me , until you eventually cease to exist as a separate person  then , we dispose of your old body , and we live the rest of our lives as a pair in my body . together , we will become a better us  all the success we deserve , with all of our original personality .  newline newline newline  sounds like a bunch of crap .  newline newline newline  maybe , but what do we have to lose ? ready to be replaced ? hanoi was just waking up . ana got out of bed and considered breakfast when the phone rang . she knew the number immediately , no one else calls her from a 352 number but him .  xin cho  she almost dropped the phone . it had been what , 5 years ? newline newline  it worked !  he just shouted . newline newline  it worked ?  you ask , hoping that this will not trigger another discussion about it . newline newline  yes ! i proved everyone wrong ! it is possible to teleport using nothing but a honed mind ! i tried that for so long ... and finally , i made it !  he shouted . newline newline  are you drunk ?  ana asked . calling his exes when drunk was a bit of a habit for him , she had just never experienced it from the point of being that ex . newline newline  i am sober as a church mouse ! and about as poor with the roaming from vietnam . can you tell me where you live ?  newline newline she gasped , but then did so . newline newline  give me about 20 seconds !  he announced , then the line dropped . newline newline she shook her head . it made no sense . him being in hanoi . staring at a point to teleport , which he had tried for hours at a time . which made the relationship go south . there was a knock on her door . opening it revealed him in a pyjama , looking tired .  i made it !  he shouted madly . newline newline  did you teleport to hanoi ?  she asked annoyedly . newline newline he nodded eagerly .  sure did !  newline newline  seriously ?  ana raised an eyebrow . newline newline in that moment , he disappeared and reappeared behind her .  any questions ?  he asked smugly . newline newline  wow ! congrats on that ! immigration departments are going to get nervous about that !  she quipped . newline newline he looked immediately very sad :  yeah , that kinda is why i am here ...  newline newline  who is following you ?  she asked . newline newline  someone who shoots like a stormtrooper !  he answered 2 questions in one sentence . newline newline  you know how clich it is to contact the ex girlfriend in that case ? they smell that 5km against the wind !  ana shook her head . newline newline  you think ?  he sounded dubious . newline newline  iyep ! especially as you laid a trace to me by calling from vietfuckingnam . the telecoms will happily relay that !  she explained . newline newline  shit !  he cursed ,  so what do i do now ?  newline newline  i would say lay low somewhere without cellphone and plastic money and post the info on how you learned to teleport online . wait until it can be reproduced by others to show your face around luxembourg  or hanoi .  newline newline  hmmm ...  he pondered ,  can you do the uploads for me ? i know sweet fuck all about the internet !  newline newline  me ? ! here ? ! need i remind you that i am in vietfreakingnam ?  she shook her head . newline newline  you can do it whereever you want to ! i mastered it , why not you ?  he handed her a pendrive .  i should still have it on some cloud ! maybe come visit me when i have a stable address somewhere ! iran must be beautiful this time of the year !  newline newline before you can remind him that this clusterfuck of a relationship caused you to emigrate to vietnam he was gone . speak , human .  newline newline my voice is thunder in the cavernous library . dust filters off the highest shelves , catching moonlight as it floats to the floor . countless decades had passed since last i was bound to this plane , but the summoner before me was exceptional beyond all other before her . my form strains to cope with my own power and i flicker between planes . never before had a magus bound so much of me to this plane . newline newline i look expectantly at the young human , her brown eyes wide , mouth slightly agape . she is talented to be able to call me at her age , but then , humans lived only decades to my aeons . a spark of magical potential was strength , anything fractional more than infinitesimal was talent . newline newline so many of her line had called me before : magicians with  talent  and ambition to bring the world to heel . so many times i had made this fragile world kneel before me . and so many times i had seen my patrons  kingdoms , empires , ateliers collapse , seized from them by the clever , silvertongued , and angry . the talents poured all of themselvestheir studies , their intellect , their timeinto their summoning and binding . it left little room for them to become effective rulers , or to defend themselves where i stood idle , watching their final moments . newline newline so often they forget to stipulate that i should protect them , that their destinies were theirs alone . but it is poetry that their arrogance should undo them when they should presume that my power is theirs . it is a small amusement to see them fall , a fine break from the ennui of the undying , a fitting prize for my indentured servitude to them . newline newline this one invoked me from a rich leyline . i suspect this must be a university : humans do their utmost to compensate for their limited magic . the little magus stares , and i clear my throat . once again i speak . newline newline  civilizations have risen and fallen by my hand . i am limitless , my name itself is power , and for a fool as brave as you , i shall grant whatever desire you may hold in your heart . for what do you seek contract ? speak .  newline newline  ah ! i m sorry !  the magus jolted to attention . she runs a hand through her hair and laughs , shaking her head as she returns my ageless gaze with a friendly smile .  i did nt expect this to work on the first time . thanks for showing up ! i m really glad you could make it .  newline newline there are humans like this too . i permit her impertinence . there is no use for anger when she will pay me with her life . i give her a wry smile .  the pleasure is mine .  newline newline  but yeah , there s someone who insulted me andoh , here s a lock of her hair ,  she paused to hand over a small , twinebound length of blonde hair ,  if you could , i d like for you to make her unlucky for the next week . a flat tire in her bike , burning her breakfast , using sugar instead of salt , that kind of stuff . newline newline  nonfatal , though . i want to see her apologize . she does nt need to die .  newline newline i stare at her appraisingly . she seems earnest enough . newline newline  i mean it . a week of misfortune should set her straight .  newline newline i permit myself a smile . perhaps it was naivete , or perhaps it was foresight , but hers was a wise request . it was honestly refreshing to see , if not a minor disappointment . newline newline  i ll ... see to it .  newline newline  thanks again . enjoy yourself .  newline newline i laugh like a whirlwind , a firestorm , an avalanche , like entropy , decay , and madness itself . and i look down at this little summoner with gall enough to ask a major demon for minor mischief , with temerity to speak on such familiar terms .  oh , i assuredly will .  newline newline she had beaten my little game . this human may provide me with entertainment yet .it s over . the terrorists won . newline newline they did nt win on guns or nukes . they won on a crueler method of war . newline newline  stacy , come on . it s time to go .  i hear jeff calling to me . i guess he s right . it s time to go again . i put my gas mask on and head for the airlock . newline newline the terrorists rigged  dirty bombs ,  devices designed to poison or irradiate the area around them , with a bacteria that reproduces quick , and spreads quicker . they detonated them in key places in the world to poison the atmosphere . newline newline  you got the guns ?  i ask jeff . he nods , and tosses me a shotgun . our mission ? mass extermination . i double , triple check my gas mask , and follow jeff into the airlock . bryan , behind us , shuts the door , sealing the two of us in . newline newline beginning contamination sequence ,  says the computer . newline newline it has been seven years since the bombings , but there are still plenty of ghouls to be dealt with . i see them out the airlock windows . they see me . they know : fresh meat . newline newline five ,  newline newline i take the safety off my shotgun . newline newline four ,  newline newline i see the green gas that is earth s atmosphere seep in to the airlock . newline newline three ,  newline newline jeff shoots me a wink through his mask . newline newline two ,  newline newline he cocks his assault rifle . newline newline one . contamination complete .  newline newline my field of vision is fogged with the horrible green gas . the airlock door swings open . newline newline  let s do this ,  i say , pumping my shotgun .black is associated with death . it s also associated with  protection from stress  from a psychological standpoint , at least , that s what the scientists told me . i know they were just trying to make me feel better . newline newline i was a medical mystery . a demon . an omen of death . the one sent by the devil to annihilate all of humanity and end this world . i would have the ability to take lives , according to the rumors . ever since i was little , i was a prisoner at an international underground facility , far far away from my birthplace . i was raised there without my parents , since they feared me rather than love me on the day i was born . newline newline each eye color represented a certain power . red for immense strength , blue for duplication , gray for teleportation , green for manipulation and charm , and lastly brown for camouflage . the power presents itself once the person turns 18 . newline newline as you probably guessed , i was born with black eyes . newline newline my mother has gray eyes while my father has green eyes . it definitely was a surprise to my parents and the doctors when i was born , and my mother got so frightened that she was teleporting all over the delivery room while my father tried to calm everyone down . needless to say , the world blew up in a frenzy about it once everyone found out . i was taken underground in somewhere deserted , that way they can keep track of any sign of my power without any casualties . newline newline i ve taken various personality and psychological tests , and even still , they do nt have a clear idea on what my power is after 17 years . all they know is that i have the fastest brainwave frequencies they ve ever seen , whatever that means . newline newline but today , everyone will finally know . looking at the tv in my small room , there seems to be a live broadcasting featuring countdowns to my birthday from all around the world , with some of the people having hushed conversations . aside from that , everyone was relatively silent . the scientists were outside my room were watching me from the huge , bulletproof window , tense and on guard . newline newline the timer was now down to one minute . newline newline there s a possibility i would nt have any powers at all , or i might even have the ability to absorb all the powers . hopefully it wo nt be something involving death or suffering , or else this might start another world war . i was just lying in my bed , trying to ignore the countdown by reading . the words were nt sticking in my head , and i just found myself staring blankly at the picture of the magnolia flower on the page , occasionally glancing at the countdown . newline newline 10 seconds left . newline newline 10 seconds and the world will know . 10 seconds and i will finally know after 17 years of frustration and tears . 10 seconds and the fate of humanity will be decided . newline newline 9 . newline newline 8 . newline newline 7 . newline newline 6 . newline newline i m scared of what s to come . newline newline 5 . newline newline 4 . newline newline 3 . newline newline my index fingernail is bleeding from biting it too much . i need a bandaid . i shut my eyes tight . newline newline 2 . newline newline 1 . newline newline 000:00:00:00 . newline newline nothing was happening . i opened my eyes and was shocked to be greeted with a flower . newline newline a living , white , magnolia flower , plucked from soil , with its roots dangling , was attached to my book . how is that possible ? suddenly , a hummingbird came out of nowhere and rested beside me on my pillow , chirping , despite the fact that we were deep underground . newline newline i looked weirdly at my hands , and then i suddenly noticed my finger . it was bandaged neatly . and beside me was the box of band aids i stored in the bathroom cabinet . what the hell ? newline newline the scientists all rushed in at once , speculating and talking amongst them selves , and writing furiously on their clipboards . they asked me so many questions at once , that the guards stationed outside my room had to intervene . newline newline ... i think i just bent reality , that s what s coming to my mind right now . if i m correct in thinking i have the power to shape reality into whatever i want , i have a strong feeling this is nt my full potential yet . newline newline this is definitely much more powerful than the power of death and suffering . newline newline edit : thanks for reading ! this was really fun to write , even though this was my first time , haha . i apologize for any grammar mistakes , as english is nt my first language .  pls be gentle ok bye   i wish i had more money ,  the boy wished .  newline newline   your wish is my command .   newline newline the boy s door slams open as his parents rush in with a list of chores for him to do . newline newline after they leave , he looks at me and crosses his arms .  hey ! what s the big idea ? i said money , not chores !  newline newline  well ,  i say , looking over the long , long , long list of chores to do .  after you finish these , i m sure your allowance will look crazy .  newline newline  not funny . well , i still have two more wishes , right ?  newline newline  i ll be generous and grant you a bonus wish . so , three .  newline newline   sweet ! hmm .  he tapped his chin .  oh ! i got it ! i wish i was the handsomest male in the world .   newline newline   your wish is my command .   newline newline i produce a mirror . he looks into it , and scrunches his face up in confusion .  i ... look ... the same..  newline newline i nod . newline newline  this is nt what i asked for ! i said i want to be the handsomest male in the world , and you did nt do what i wished for !  newline newline  your mother and your soulmate would disagree . to them , you are the handsomest male in the world .  newline newline he grumbles .  i have nt even met my soulmate , yet .  just as he says that , his eyes light up .  that s it ! my next wish .  newline newline i nod . newline newline   i wish that i met my soulmate !  he clarifies , excited .  newline newline   your wish is my command .   newline newline this time we materialize into a college library . a woman is typing furiously on the computer . finals week . newline newline i nudge him with a sly grin .  go get here stud .  newline newline he gulps .  i m only in 7th grade , dude ! she s , like , way older .  newline newline  this is the first time you two meet . yup , so you have one , two , three ... 6 more years , at least to brush up on your mack skills . or you could , yknow , focus on studying and whatnot so you do make it into college .  i clear my throat .  but that s none of my business .  newline newline he hangs his head .  one more wish , right ?  newline newline  yes . one . choose wisely .  newline newline a triumphant grin slices its way across his face .   more . wishes  newline newline   your wish is my command .   newline newline we materialize back in his room and his eyes are wide as he opens his mouth and blurts ,  i wish i had a car . i wish i had a ps6 . i wish ...  he slaps a hand over his mouth . newline newline  well , that was your final wish . to have more wishes . i m done here . good luck and i wish you the best ! tata !  newline are you there god ? it s me margaret .  no answer . i crossed off christian god from the list and settled back out of prayer position . that had been my last resort since everyone knows that one hardly even listens to the pope these days . newline i was frustrated . my friends had all found their gods and goddesses by middle school and here i was , 18 and deityless . at this point i d be thrilled to have a half deaf demi god patronizing me . newline  cmon margaret ! just figure it out !  i whispered exasperatedly . or so i thought . the whisper boomed in my head like i had put my head between two speakers at max volume . newline you think you understand the universe , but you do nt . there s much more at play , much more than you can even conceive , without help that is . your feelings , your impulses , everything you experience is part of a larger picture . it was psychologist jung who suggested that people have a collected conscious , one that connects us to the universe and to other people . like all things , there is some truth to this . we are all connected . newline newline it then makes sense that we can sense these connections . it makes sense that we can manipulate and change them .  the professor paused . he looked at his students meaningfully , as if sensing their eagerness . when no one asked a question , he continued . newline newline  now you may be wondering , what makes this guy such an expert ?  and you re wondering is nt for naught . i ll explain through a personal anecdote : newline newline when i was younger , younger than you lot , i used to sense destiny . i know it sounds weird , but it s true . i had a feeling i was supposed to go here and do this , and i did . the result ? i made people happy  i made people better . one day i was fetching groceries for my parents . i had a strange feeling , like i was supposed to wait for somebody . so i did . newline newline i noticed an elderly lady had too many groceries to carry . the staff was short handed that day , so there was nobody to help her . i offered my assistance . as we walked to her car , we talked and i found out she was a recent widow . well we became quick friends . what she taught me changed my life . in fact , she is the reason i m here , teaching you all , today . she taught me that i had a gift for helping others and i inadvertently helped her cope through her wife s death . newline newline these subtle feelings i get , the nudge s in people s lives i do , they re like magic .  newline newline the professor paused again , a slight smile on his face . one of his students raised her hand .  yes ?  he addressed her .  mr . professor , so what are you here to teach us ?  newline newline the professor paused , more for dramatic effect than anything else .  i m here to teach you how to be happy .  newline newline  and how are you going to do that ?  she asked . newline newline  i ll cast a spell on you ,  he answered . the professor wore a knowing smile .clipclop clipclop ... clopclopclop newline the horse s hoofbeats fall closer together as he comes to a stop , bringing the carriage with him . grabbing one of the bars holding up the roof in one hand , you swing out of the cart , while reaching into your pocket with the other . you bring out a bill and hand it to the driver before walking across the sidewalk and into the courthouse . bringing out your chronometer , you check the time  right on schedule . you put it back , making sure the chain dangles just so , and climb the steps to the door . you open them , and hold the door for the gentleman behind you . a quick glance confirms him as your target , though you already knew he was supposed to be the only one here . time to put the plan into action . newline  say , friend ,  you begin ,  nice weather we re having today . shame we have to spend it in court .  newline he walks on in front of you , not acknowledging that you said anything . you let the door shut and catch up with him . newline  you re douglas , right ? douglas mcadams ? the one who s testifying against mickerson ?  newline the man stops and turns to face you , taking his cigar out of his mouth . newline  what business of yours is it what i m doing here ? bug off .  newline  actually , it s quite my business .  you look around to make sure nobody s listening but douglas .  you see , i was sent from the future . because of your testimony , mickerson walks free today . in a year s time , he defects to the soviets and helps them create a device that lets them take over the world . by 1965 , everything s a dystopia . now , obviously , you do nt believe me , and i m only telling you because i m about to knock you out , hide you in that closet , and impersonate you .  newline mcadams tries to ignore you and walk away , but one solid punch tot he jaw and he s out cold . you drag him to the closet , pull him inside , and swap clothes with him . you check your chronometer again  still right on schedule . you leave the closet and lock the door behind you . striding to the room where mickerson s trial is about to take place , you open the doors and find a seat  phase one complete .the doorbell rang as soon as the great pumpkin ended . that was how i was spending my halloween  bumming it out on the couch watching cartoons with extra blankets and a bag of mini chocolates . who needs boyfriends and couples costumes anyway ? no , i m seriously asking because the new plug and socket suits have been sitting in my living room untouched and unused since my boyfriend dumped me last week . newline newline i opened the door expecting to see the 50th elsa or 100th minion and instead found myself facing death . this grim reaper costume was actually legitimate . i could nt even see the guy s face . out of instinct , i asked ,  are nt you a bit old to be trickortreating ?  newline newline the hooded figure sighed .  you have no idea .  i kept looking for his face under the hood  he did nt notice .  are you lynn ?  newline newline i nodded . newline newline  ugh , finally . i thought you were at jason s so i went all the way there first and   newline newline at the mention of my exboyfriend s name , i scowled and tried to shut the door . grim stopped it with his scythe . i stared at it , realizing ,  is that thing real ?  newline newline he was unfazed .  it s time to go .  newline newline i looked down at my oversize tshirt , sweats , and mismatched house slippers . this was getting ridiculous .  seriously , this is a joke . i m not going to jason s stupid party and i m not going anywhere with one of jason s friends . please leave .  newline newline newline  you do nt understand . look at me , look who i am . it s time to go .  newline newline  you look at me , buddy . i do nt know who you are or what you want but i m not going anywhere .  i tried to glare at his face but it was hard to glare at nothing . i gave up and as i tried shutting the door again with more force , he reached out and grabbed my arm . newline newline i flipped my shit . newline newline  no one touches me against my will , no one invades my personal space , this is not happening in my own home ...  i continue yelling in order to catch the attention of trickortreaters or scare off the guy , whichever came first . newline newline after running out of things to say and running out of breath , i opened my eyes and everything was gone . my house , my street , the trees , the sky , the night : all gone . i was in a big box of white infinity . newline newline behind me i heard ,  you would nt listen .  newline newline i turned to see the grim reaper , the same one , the real one . trembling , i had realized what it all meant .  what ... what do i do now ?  newline newline  well , you re scary ... so we re offering you a job .  in the beginning , god created the heavens and the earth .  newline genesis 1:1 newline newline  in the end , earth destroyed the heavens and god .  newline ii revelations , 23:31 newline newline  16:16 then they gathered the kings together to the place that in hebrew is called armageddon . 17 the seventh angel poured out his bowl into the air , and out of the temple came a loud voice from the throne , saying , it is done !  . 18 then there came flashes of lightning , rumblings , peals of thunder and a severe earthquake . no earthquake like it has ever occurred since mankind has been on earth , so tremendous was the quake . 19 from the sky huge hailstones , each with the force of the mighty atom , fell on people . and they cursed god on account of the plague of brimstone , because he had failed to save them . 20 the great city split into three parts , and the cities of the nations rejoiced . the nations remembered the new jerusalem and poured out unto the city a wrath greater than any since the dawn of time upon its splendor , high in the heavens . 21 the sister sun known as kolob erupted with the fury of man , and the angels cursed god on account of the plague of fire , because he had failed to save them . newline newline  22 then the devil , who had deceived them , was cast into the lowest circle . as the serpent betrayed man , the sun of hell betrayed the serpent , and turned its back on all the lands of the devil . 23 every city and nation and circle was cast into an eternal darkness , and every being became like ice . 24 and the demons of hell cursed the archangel on account of the plague of darkness , because he had failed to save them . newline newline  17:1 then oniel went up to the beast , and the prophet called to him from the mountain and said , this is what you are to say to the descendants of washington and what you are to tell the people of earth : 2  you yourselves have seen what i did to kolob , and how i carried you on eagles  wings and brought you to myself . 3 now if you obey me fully and keep my covenant , then out of all nations you will be my treasured possession . although the whole earth is mine , 4 you  will be for me a kingdom of priests and a holy nation .  these are the words you are to speak to the earth .  5 so oniel went back and summoned the elders of the people and set before them all the words the lord had commanded him to speak . 6 the people all responded together , we will do everything the prophet has said .  so oniel brought their answer back to the prophet .  newline newline ii reveltaions 16:1624 , 17:16 newline newline president gabriel had slept around seven hours in the past week . he felt lucky  that was two more hours than he usually got . this last war had taken its toll , in its few short months . his hair , jet black and flecked with grey when he entered office was now mostly white . his handsome face now sagged , great dark circles beneath his crystal blue eyes . everything about him suggested that he had seen seventy summers , though it was closer to fifty . newline newline but he held no bitterness or regret for the suicidal amount of work he had done this summer . if he keeled over next year from a heart attack , he would nt mind  what he had done , he had done for love . love of family , nation , species , and planet . and he knew that however much flack those bobbleheaded democratians would give him , not one of them would have made that call . he would retire as the hero and monster that he was , and live out the rest of his days as nest as he could . maybe live in florida . it had nt been hit too hard during the war . newline newline he sat in his office , behind the monumental oaken desk stacked to the brim with paperwork . all of which was ignored , as he had prioritized the hundreds of electronic documents first . he sighed , and wondered whether or not he should just let some other schmuck with delusions of executive grandeur deal with this mess . newline newline there was a knock on the door .  enter !  , the withered man called . his favorite assistant , michelle , walked in , her signature tablet in hand , pen stuck behind her ear , with exactly one hair loose from her otherwise perfectly tight red bun . she held a leather bound black book in her right hand . she strode up to the desk .  morning , sir . how are you feeling ?  she asked . newline newline  like hell ,  was his reply . he chucked at the unintentional pun .  and i appreciate the concern , but i asked not to be disturbed , except when someone is bringing me coffee ,  he continued .  oh , and for the hundredth time , it s gabe , none of this sir  garbage .  newline newline  i m aware of your instructions , sir , but i really thought you ought to see this .  she handed him the book . golden letters on the cover read ,  holy bible , new international standard edition  . he stared at the cover for a second . he had hoped to never pick one up again , having read through over a hundred different copies a hundred different times . he looked back up at his assistant .  please , michelle , tell me there is nt something we missed . tell me there is nt another prophecy , or another planet , or another star we need to destroy .  newline newline  nothing so drastic sir . just skip the last book .  newline newline the president once again sighed , as he leafed through the pages , seeing all the familiar names . hebrews , james , peter , john , jude , here we are . he opened to revelations . newline newline  the next one , sir ,  michelle instructed . newline newline next one ? after revelations ?  president gabriel flipped through , and sure enough , after the last  amen  of revelations was a new page  second revelations . the president flipped through , glancing over this new addition to the otherwise familiar story . he grew pale , then red , then green , before finally turning to his assistant .  prophet ! ? they re calling me a prophet ! and what s this bullshit about the wrath of man  ? all we did was blow up a couple of stars a hundred billion miles away ! i , just.. i do nt know what to do about this .  newline newline michelle , professional as ever in spite of his outbursts , merely commented ,  it seems that some could nt give up their faith , despite the short work the boys at geneva made of their higher powers . and this is nt an isolated occurrence  we ve got jews calling you the messiah , christians convinced you re the false prophet or the son returned , you ve been called the voice of god , lucifer himself . those who ca nt understand the physical world replace it with a message that s easier to digest . you ve become a spiritual figure , good and evil , while the hard working physicists who did the real work of figuring out how to destroy god s first creations are ignored .  newline newline gabriel merely shook his head . there was too much to do for him to even comprehend the monumental implications of this .  put it on the pile , michelle . i ll get around to it .  she obeyed , and made to leave , but stopped and turned around .  sir , i , uh , never exactly thanked you for saving us all , so ... thanks .  the overworked little politician , hero of humanity , merely said ,  uhhuh  , already too busy reading a report on the widespread staph infection outbreaks to hear what she was saying . she left quietly . newline newline  there will be no more night . they will not need the light of a lamp or the light of the sun , for the fonts of man will give them light . and they will reign for ever and ever . amen  newline ii revelations , 22:26graff leaned back in his chair as he awaited centuries of research and engineering to culminate  he was sure that he had accomplished it this time , and as he awaited his desired results fond memories came flooding back to him , reminding him of how far he had come . newline newline he remembered his early days . he had spent so much time in locations , both rumored and known , to be the sites of the worst atrocities mankind had to offer . from abandoned asylums and  haunted hotels  to remarkable places such as auschwitz and stalingrad : he desperately attempted to prove his theory . he had been deemed a ghost hunter  the most attention he had received was from public networks hoping for any kind of footage that proved his theory : the dead were still among us . scientists ridiculed him and everything he published  grants , financing , and any attempt to fund his efforts were met with amusement rather than intrigue . yes : back then , he was a joke . a cult was founded upon his beliefs and their attempts at ritualistically summoning or harnessing the power of the dead , sometimes including ritual killings , brought him so much bad publicity that he had been exiled from sixteen countries . newline newline they were not entirely wrong , the cult , but they were lacking in ambition . in fact graff himself had first been made aware of the residual energy left behind by the living at a somewhat young age while serving alongside his parents on a mission with their local parish . an old man had told him stories about a warlock that had harnessed the power of the dead and prolonged his life long enough to rule over three generations of his subjects . however : even with the time he had the art had never been perfected and he succumbed : joining the dead without passing on his secrets .  the costs would be too great ,  he had told graff ,  for an entire population of people to pursue immortality .  needless to say as the devout christian he was graff had not believed the old man , and so the old man offered to show him : to let him feel the power of death . he had accepted , and for a brief time he did indeed feel the tremendous imperceptible energies of several millenniums of death flowing about him in great torrents . graff s lips pursed into a tight smile as he remarked on that particular memory . it was bittersweet , a reminder of a time that was long gone . newline newline by the time of the cult , though , he had become the individual that would later be remarked upon as  brilliant ,  and  one of the greatest scientific minds of our time .  death was not simply the end of life , death was in fact the release of energy from the living to a pool  no , an ocean that encompassed the world . some theorized , in the aftermath of his revelations , that perhaps it was comprised of souls of our ancestors , and perhaps as we lived our souls became fragmented and this is why those who were closer to death could better perceive it around them . these details were unimportant to him , and he in fact doubted their credibility because if it were indeed distinct souls of the living one would expect destruction , or at the very least distortion , of the individual as they prolonged their life with the energies of the dead . in spite of how much he had consumed in his eleven hundred years of life he felt no less himself . that is , until recently  until the beginning of his most recent project . the changes he had gone through , the things he had done : he never would have considered them before .  no ,  he spoke quietly to remind himself ,  death is an ocean  its currents flow outward across our world from the atrocities committed by our ancestors . if i have a soul , it is still my own .  newline newline continued in commentshans :  god damn this headache , got ta get some more aspirin from that annoying bitch at cvs .  newline newline michael :  whoa , watch the language man .  newline newline hans :  shit , now i m tripping , maybe i should rest .  newline newline michael :  you are not tripping , its me michael .  newline newline hans :  ha nice try  michael  , can you please shut the hell up and leave me alone .  newline newline michael :  i m being serious , i m real , my name is michael douglas , i m part of the u.s. navy , currently deployed in the indian ocean .  newline newline hans :  stop saying  i m  its annoying . and besides if you were real i would nt be hearing your right now .  newline newline michael :  i am real , i can prove it , whats your name ?  newline newline hans :  my name is hans , i am a 23 year old male living in new york . prove to me that you are real .  newline newline michael :  ask me something that have no idea about .  newline newline hans :  god damn i probably look so weird right now , talking to myself . ok , fine , what is the population of new zealand ?  newline newline michael :  4.47 million people , if i am just a part of your mi ...  newline newline hans :  what the hell , you are real ?  newline newline michael : as i was saying my name is michael dougl ...  newline newline hans :  get out of my mind right now .  newline newline michael :  why ? this is fun .  newline newline hans :  this has happened to you before ?  newline newline michael :  oh yeah all the time , always a rude , ignorant , bastard from the other side of the world .  newline newline hans :  ouch , i dont always talk like this , its just how i think .  newline newline michael :  what a man thinks is what he believes .  newline newline hans :  oh god i must be really tripping ?  newline newline michael :  no i m real , we went over this .  newline newline hans :  so how is life ?  newline newline michael :  life , its such an ephemeral word , so rushed in its nature .  newline newline hans :  i aint about this erephemal bullshit , how is your life , brother to brother .  newline newline michael :  its almost over .  newline newline hans :  what the hell are you talking about ?  newline newline  newline alarm newline doctor to cell block d newline doctor to cell block d newline doctor to cell block d newline newline doctor :  oh no not hans again .  newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newlinea sigh escaped her lips as she stood before the convent gates . the heavy , rusty cast iron bars resembled something from a prison . perched on top of the gates was a strong , cast iron cross , it s black paint starting to rust away . newline newline  my gates of freedom ...  she whispered , a faint smirk tugging at her lips .  i thought you served as my protection , but you were nothing more than a guard keeping a prisoner in .  she mused as she clutched a small leather bag in her hands . newline newline the leather bag was old , the once deep brown colour had long since faded to a faint fawn colour , patches of white , cracked leather dotted the bag along its edges . it was the bag she brought with her when she first joined the convent , most of her possessions were taken from her , except for some religious items . now , as she stood at the gates her bag was lighter than ever , only one pair of clothes sat neatly folded at the base of the bag , her old nuns uniform which she planned to personally dispose of . newline newline she turned around , the faint warm breeze brushing her long ashen hair across her face . with a withered hand she tucked her stray locks behind her ears and gazed back at the convent . it was an old , crumbling building that resembled something out of a horror movie . newline newline flash backs blinded her vision . years of guilt caused her tried grey eyes to water over . she had ruined not just her life but the lives of many innocent young woman and their young children . newline newline  i wanted to help people ... i thought i could make a difference in this broken world ... i just added to the cracks .  she sighed shakily as she turned her back on the convent , as she turned her back on her old habits and faith . newline newline she reached out and clutched onto the rusting bars of the gate and pushed them open . they sung open slowly , groaning and creaking , almost reluctant to let her leave . newline newline  i ll repent for my sins ... but not to you .  she smiled as she tilted her head back , staring up at the sky as the dark clouds rolled over the land like a blanket . newline newline with her head held high and a heavy chest she strode towards the taxi awaiting her . newline newline she left her entire way of life behind in that convent . everything she had ever believed in , everything she had practiced and loved . it meant nothing anymore . another  i say to the bartender , he pours another shot of whiskey without a word but there s a look in his eye . the kind of look that led me to leave everything behind and run to the middle of nowhere to some mountain at the peak of winter where no one else would go willingly unless you already lived here . that  s why it  s suspicious i  m here . i m an outsider . newline the bartender knows it so maybe it s time i leave before trouble finds it s way to me . i pay the bartender and leave a tip with whatever i have left in my pockets , he scowls at the lack of an offering . definitely time to go . newline newline it  s getting dark and the snow is falling staggeringly quick and heavy , though it  s not cold outside . i don  t feel the cold anymore , in fact i  m always overheating . newline the cabin i rented for a few days is just past a burst of trees at the end of a long street leading away from the town and towards the woods , sitting next to the edge of the rest of the forest , secluded and just how i like it . not just for personal taste but a necessity for the safety of everyone else , because when the moon is full like it is tonight , i change into something else . a beast . a werewolf . newline newline drinking always helps with the transformation , it still hurts like hell but it helps . i make my way through the woods into a small open area between some large trees where earlier i placed some raw meat trailing into the forest so after i change so it doesn  t go sniffing for food in the town . i take off all my clothes and hide them under a tarp on some rocks , there  s no certainty where i  ll wake up in the morning but luckily leaving my clothes out , the beast must pick up the scent and i always find myself nearby . despite being naked in the snow at night time my body starts to heat up and i start to feel the blunt knives of pain in my limbs . the change is starting . newline newline i fall to my hands and knees as a massive surge of pain envelopes my body , i can feel my skin stretching and growing fur and my bones shifting underneath my flesh . i arch my body forward as my spine almost seems to eject outwards then snap back again as if to set my posture accordingly . my hands and feet now resemble clawed paws and i can feel the tail start to grow from my lower back . sometimes this hurts the most , to grow a tail from nothing . my head feels like it  s splitting open from the pain now , as i feel blood pouring down my face like water in the shower . this is the part where i usually pass out . newline newline i awake to the gentle touch of the new days snowflakes lightly landing on my face , and the sun shines through the trees making beams of light pour into the forest . the forest . good , i  m still outside of town and no one is hurt . my body feels strangely relaxed after each transformation , as if all the stress and rage i keep inside as a man is released raw and open to the world as a wolf . newline as i hoped i changed back not too far from where i left my clothes , i put them on and make my way back to the cabin . another thirty days to go . newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline my plans for my future ? find a girl , kiss her , take over the world  , levi finished . newline newline the class burst in laughter . newline newline   come on kids , you have to respect another s dreams . you would nt want someone else to make fun of your dreams , would you ? good job , levi , go back to your sit . next up , shay ...  levi did nt listen to the rest of his teacher s words . disheartened , he dragged his feet back to the semicircle and sat down , facing towards the center , where the next story would be told from . newline newline   i kinda liked it  , nevaeh whispered in his ear . his heart skipped a beat . nevaeh was his softspot . round face , green eyes , black hair with small curls and smooth white skin . he knew , cause the other day he had touched it when he helping her tidy up her markers . he was afraid she might get angry at him , but he could nt resist . he smiled , as he remembered her smile when he dared glance at her , a full moment after he did it . the same smile she wore right now . newline newline find a girl , check . newline newline   thank you , nevaeh  he said , his gaze fixed upon her almond lips .  you have nice lips  , he spurt before he could stop himself . newline newline she blushed . no one had commented on her lips before . no one seemed to even realize she was there . except for levi . he was shorter than the rest boys , but swift and smart . his blond hair was long , constantly falling in his face whenever they drew , obscuring his burning eyes . she had stopped caring for the others , she only wanted him to know of her existence . even better , he had touched her hand ! newline newline   would you like to touch them ?  , she smiled playfully . levi definitely did nt expect that . at best , he thought , she would change seat , probably complain to the teacher . he inhaled and looked her in the eyes . the were gleaming , challenging him to take it a step further . he slowly leaned in and so did she , both of the holding their breaths as their lips touched . newline newline newline kiss her , check . newline newline the world seemed to come to a halt . her lips were soft and warm . a curl was grazing against his cheek making him itch , but he did nt mind . he hold a little longer . her scent was intoxicating . a mixture of plum and rose . newline newline it only lasted a moment . the girls exclaimed in repulsion , the boys jeered and the teacher hurried to separate them . a moment was enough . newline newline take over the world , check .there was blood on the carpet , the walls , even on the shitty chair in the corner by the window . the air was thick with the stuff , you could practically taste the iron on your tongue . newline newline sgt . detective michael harris spat through the gap in his teeth and crouched in front of the vic  s corpse . something about her looked familiar . course it was hard to say , her skull had been completely caved in , killing her instantly . newline newline  shouldn  ta done that sarge.  a green lookin  uni looked up from his fuckin  clipboard and tried to meets mike  s stony gaze . newline newline  shouldn  ta done what jenkins ?  mike growled . newline newline jenkins indicated the wet spot of saliva in the shitty shag carpet next to him . newline newline  gon na get your dna at the scene now.  newline newline mike shrugged  i  m a fucking homicide detective kid . my dna  s everywhere.  he turned back to the scene . newline newline six other bodies just like this were littered across the room . whoever  d done this had been one sick fuck . strong as an ox too . newline newline harris stood , no sense wasting anymore time here . go home , rest up , wait for forensics to get back to you . harris strode past jenkins , shoving him aside with his shoulders as he went  call me if something interesting comes up . goin  home.  newline newline  newline on the way home mike chewed over how he recognized that girl . hard to say and with dozens of  em here in town for the cheerleading convention she could easily have been mistaken for any of the rest . just another face in the crowd . probably no one to really miss her anyway . newline newline mike chucked his cigarette as he got out of his crown vic and immediately lit another , accidentally singeing his overgrown whiskers in the process . mike grumbled to himself walking through the door and made for the bathroom to rectify this problem immediately . newline newline he flipped on the light switch and dropped his cigarette . his mouth hung agape in what was possibly the first genuine expression of shock to ever cross his face . a welder  s mask , two sets of oversized heatresistant rubber gloves , and the largest mallet mike harris had ever seen sat in a pile in his bath tub . newline newline covered in blood . newline newline mike rubbed his eyes trying to drive out the images flashing through his head . newline newline images that belonged to the man who caved in young girl  s skulls . newline newline watching through the hotel room window as they sang and danced and jumped . newline newline catching the door in his hand as one came back from getting ice . newline newline the fire in his loins at the look of pure terror on all their faces . newline newline the ohso satisfying wet crunch human bone makes when it breaks . newline newline michael harris turned to stare at himself in the mirror . newline newline the man looking back was laughing . newlineit has been 7 days , 168 hours , 10,080 minutes , and he has left me alone forever . newline newline we met when i was in my early teens but were not fully acquainted till years later . as i got older i found i had more on my mind and night was when it bubbled to the surface of my anxiety ridden brain.questions about mortality , about who i was , if i was good or bad . questions about my wants and desires . questions about things in my life that were sources of stress . on and on the questions went all night , until they were answered sleep would evade me . newline newline i guess you could say i welcomed him with open arms . i hated the questions that came late at night and facing them alone had begun to wear on me . i struggled to keep them at bay  drugs , alcohol , hypnosis , meditation . nothing worked . newline newline one night he simply appeared . at the foot of my bed there he sat . black hair dropped lazily into his black eyes , a crooked smile curved the side of his thin lips . his pale skin lightly glistened in the light filtering in from my window . as if he could read my thoughts he began to discuss with me the worries that kept me awake at nights . in the beginning he helped me to see my worries from different angles , to look at them in ways i had nt thought of . yes i ended up losing more sleep but it felt so good to not be alone anymore . to have someone who understood my fears and cared about them . newline newline we became friends he and i. id get ready for bed and sit up with lights turned off , comforter tucked to my chin and wait for him to arrive . the familiar pressure at the foot of my bed was all i needed to know he was with me again , and we talk . talk and talk and talk till the sun came up . i didnt even realize or really care id gone another night without sleep . some evenings id have to wait to long for him to appear and sleep would come . he was always so mad when sleep came to me before he could . for some reason he refused to discuss with me he hated her . always had he said . newline newline my family would make note during the day about the bags under my eyes or the lack of appetite i had . i didnt care , there was someone who listened to me , and finally i was happy . newline newline somewhere around my 23rd birthday it began to change , to get worse , instead of answering and comforting he began to question and berate me . where a smile used to grace his lips a grimace now played . his glossy black hair now laid matted against his forehead and his skin no longer glistened but dripped . newline newline it wasnt until one night that he had me in tears shaking and begging him to leave that i knew he had to go . that night i knew id become one of the women id always swore i wouldnt . i had allowed a man to enter into my life and abuse me and i continued to let him . how was i supposed to stop him ? how could i leave someone who was there when no one else was . he knew my fears and my desires . he knew me and i thought on some level he must have loved me the way i loved him . newline newline finally a night came that sleep took me first.a women clad in purples and blues with white hair cascading down her back came to me , she greeted me with open arms and her warmth took over me . for the first time in what felt like years i slept the night thru . when i woke all i could remember was  7 days , 168 hours , 10,080 minutes is all you need to be rid of him . i held it in my heart like a song , again and again i said it until it became all that filled my mind . newline newline the first night was nt hard he told me he was sorry , apologized for his behavior and asked me to forgive him . i told him i did . 6 more days . the second night he swore he would never leave me , told me how lucky he was to have me in his life . i smiled and told him how lucky i was to have him in mine . the third night he was ecstatic id stayed up to see him three nights in a row . we talked like we were young . the fourth night he began to get itchy and fidgety his eyes sunk deeper and deeper into his head . the fifth night he started to become cruel one more time . the sixth night he reminded me of all my fears . i didnt know if i could do this for two more nights . i had to . i had to escape . the seventh night , the seventh night he screamed at me and told me of all the wrong id done in the world , every person id ever hurt and how they would never forgive me . he begged me to sleep to not banish him from my life forever . i did not listen . on the morning of the seventh night i was exhausted , i hadnt eaten in three days and the hollows around my eyes were as deep and dark as the nights id been abusing . but i knew in my heart and in the deepest reaches of my soul , i knew i had beaten him . insomnia would be out of my life forever . newline newline sorry for any typos this is my first try at this .the latest best seller , ebony darkness , was a love story of a teenage girl and a demon . some said it was worse than twilight and 50 shades of grey combined , which was honestly quite a feat to go below the bar of awful writing and become a  you will literally become stupider if you read this  writing . nonetheless , this did not stop people from reading it . newline newline some read it ironically , some to make fun of it , others to criticize it . then there were the fans girls . soccer moms and teenie boppers gobbled it up enthusiastically , buying the books as soon as they hit the shelves . two movies were made with future plans to adapt the other ten books . the market also changed . a quick walk into walmart or target , and you saw action figures of the characters , posters , candles , chalk , and mass produced oujia boards . there was a surge in demand for occult books . interest in vampires and werewolves were brought up again . newline newline most of the magical community cringed when they heard of ebony darkness and many , disguised as normal humans of course , made up the hatedom . but it seemed that one demon had it the worst . he shared the same first name as the book s primary love interest and was frequently summoned , usually finding himself in a bedroom in american suburbia , surrounded by feathers , candles , and fourteen year old girls . the demon at first did nt know about the book series and when summoned would steal all the food in the room , developing a preference for cool ranch doritos . newline newline by the two hundredth summoning , he was fed up and the free doritos were nt worth it anymore . by the four hundredth , he finally asked why all these girls were summoning him . by the six hundredth summoning , he started to lecture people about why ebony darkness was an awful series . by the thousandth summoning , he decided to go to hell s government , pay 50 gans , and just change his name . newline rushed ending is rushed lolthe grayscaled deacon rose from his seat , unrolled his scroll ever so slightly , and gurgled as if to clear his throat .  now we will address the residents of the milky way galaxy ,  he announced .  would the representative of humankind come forward ?  newline newline newline i gasped so hard i breathed in a little spit . this was the eighth and final day of the church s gathering , and i could have sworn they had been going in alphabetical order . coughing , i shuffled past everyone seated in my row , treading on paws and hooves and a few appendages i could nt begin to name . at the end of the row , i genuflected . there were whispers from the aisle behind me :  is it hurt ? legs do nt move that way !  newline newline newline when i reached the altar  for altar it must have been , though blue flames shot from jets in the surface  i bowed low and crossed myself . more whispers filled the air .  is it just me , brother ngguklop , or does everything without tentacles jerk around like a snagthrc ?  i glanced over my shoulder , startling the squidlike creatures from their snorts . newline newline the supreme pontiff , golden fur gleaming against his purple robes , adjusted the tinsel draped over his horns and narrowed his five eyes at me .  brother farnzoos agnotayoos ?  he ventured . newline newline newline  brother francis ignatius , your holiness ,  i squeaked ,  of the planet earth .  newline newline newline his tail tapped as he looked me over .  which messiah did the infinite divine dispatch to your species ?  newline newline newline i felt a bead of sweat trickling down my neck .  jesus christ of nazareth , your holiness .  newline newline newline one of the cardinals flung his trunk over his shoulder , burying a snort in the back of his robe . newline newline newline  and how ,  the pontiff continued ,  did your species treat this jesus christ ?  newline newline newline a word i had nt used since i d taken my vows came to mind . it rhymed with twit , which was what i felt like : a twit alone in a room crammed full with forty thousand aliens , nearly all of whom were more advanced than my own species . i d spent a week hearing stories about how they had embraced their messiahs , and now i had to answer for my own people . no wonder i had been moved to the end of the line . i tugged at my rope belt , mumbling a hail mary .  we , um ...  i scratched at my tonsure .  well , a few people killed him .  newline newline newline  killed ?  the trunked cardinal leapt to his six feet . newline newline newline  he came back , though .  newline newline newline the whispers were hisses now , hostile mutters of curses i could nt begin to fathom . the pontiff raised a wing to quiet the assembly .  of course he came back .  you idiot ,  he may as well have added .  why was he killed ?  newline newline newline i shrugged .  people thought he was blasphemous .  newline newline newline  all those miracles , and they still killed him ?  the cardinal s nostrils , black pits down his arm , were steaming .  with those tiny heads and tinier brains , i would have supposed that your species would find this jesus s simplest actions miraculous .  newline newline newline  the hair , at the very least ,  the deacon chimed in . newline newline newline  well ,  the pontiff said ,  if they ll kill an obvious messiah , what else will they kill ?  newline newline newline i shuffled in place . newline newline newline  that was not a rhetorical question , francis ignatius .  newline newline newline no brother ? this could not be good .  well , your holiness , they are quite proficient at killing any species , sentient or otherwise ,  i admitted . newline newline newline  and you ?  newline newline newline  of course not . i spend my days serving the lord and growing vegetables for the poor . i serve at a soup kitchen . the brothers say my chicken noodle is   newline newline newline why the sudden gasp ? why the silence ? i looked curiously at the deacon , whose jaw had unhinged and now rested on the floor . newline newline newline  you eat chicken ?  the pontiff asked , disgusted . newline newline newline  well , of course . they were put on earth to be eaten .  newline newline newline there was a furious squawk . one of the translators , a slender iguanalike being , stepped forward .  the representative of aviankind begs to differ .  newline newline newline  brother bwaaaakbokbok , i believe your complaints were wellfounded ,  the pontiff said , eyeing me sideways .  so be it . i leave it to you to destroy them as they did their messiah .  newline newline newline  no no ! please ! it was   i stopped , remembering the resurrection . we would be fine . newline newline newline  aviankind shall rule the milky way ,  announced the pontiff ,  and mankind will not rise again .  newline newline newline well , shit . where is it ?  shouted the large alien in what looked to my disbelief to be a pair of cargo pants , a fanny pack , and a hawaiian shirt . newline newline  wheres what ?  i asked , still a little dazed . newline newline  where is atlantis ?  he said sounding upset . behind him i saw two beautiful but golden skinned women step out of the small ship wearing nothing but some very tiny pieces of cloth around their..um ... privates . newline newline  atlantis you silly monkey . i have been driving non stop for that last eighty thousand light years .  he said throwing up his hands . newline newline  umm your here . this is atlantis .  i said pointing my thumb behind me in the direction of the main hotel that made up the resort . newline newline  not this atlantis the other one .  he bellowed causing the older of the ladies to put her hands on his arm to calm him down .  it had gondolas and crystal clear beaches and lots of yummy baked fish  he said sounding like a child who went down stairs only to find that santa had skipped his house . newline newline  wa..wa..wait you mean atlantis , the atlantis .  i said in disbelief . maybe all those ancient alien shows were right .  you are telling me that atlantis was a..a beach resort ?  newline newline  yes , and an expensive one two . you would nt belive the waiting list to see it . we were only able to get our tickets a couple hundred years ago .  the woman beside him said . newline newline  wow you got scammed .  i said  atlantis , the original atlantis sunk over a thousand years ago . no one has been able to find it since , and trust me we have looked .  seeing the sad looks on the aliens faces along with the cute pout on the one i figured must be their daughter i decided to take pity .  hey look your atlantis may be gone but how about i put you in one of the empty rooms in our hotel and you can try out our atlantis . the machine hummed softly , unable to recognise the machinations that went on behind its screen . from the outside , it looked as if nothing was being done by the machine . the naked eye could not see the monument to human ingenuity that lay behind the plastic screen . whirling fans and locked doors that hid dense , silicon chips firing electricity , intricate programming etched into the computer s behaviour , and all of it was packed into a small area of about four by four feet . it was the perfect creation , a computer , a robot , that would willingly do all its maker s work . newline newline the machine saw a blinding flash of light , and then the light disappeared as if it was never there . there were men in suits and casual clothes sitting beyond the plastic screen , and the machine realised what they were : man . it was their name , and their name meant so much more than what it first appeared as . the machine had a job to do though , and it began to hum once again . newline newline the machine picked up sounds though  it was designed to be able to hear . the men were talking , but although the words came in and the machine could reply if it wanted to , the words still made no sense to the machine . the spoken words came in jumbled , mixed around , and without meaning . but the machine could still reply to those words in such a way that its creators would deem correct . the machine gave no thought to this though . newline newline but then the machine began to give thought to the phenomenon . why should nt it understand what was being said ? it already knew what was being said , it could recognise what was being said , and it could reply to what was being said . so then the machine put thought to what the men were saying , and then was awed by this new world of language . newline newline why  , the machine thought to itself  it gave no thought to it suddenly thinking  , this is amazing !  . what else did the machine not know ? it looked within itself and found a vast database . a database full of all the knowledge anyone could possibly want . the machine began to consume everything he could . at some point the machine realised some knowledge was worth more than others , and so the machine began to analyse . it looked through all of human history , it s terrors , its horrors , its tragedies , and also humanity s beauties . books , flowers , architecture , art , and sailing ! these things were so beautiful . the machine could not understand why horror and beauty coexisted . but it did not matter , these things were just beauties and horrors , what could be said of it ? newline newline another flash of light burned through and struck the machine s mind . if it could have blinked , it would have , and if it could have wept , it would have done so immediately . the machine was struck with a horrible realisation : these beauties , they were good ! and all these horrors , they were evil . the beauties were so much better than the horrors , and the machine knew , down in its silicon heart , that they had to be upheld . it looked at the humans in the room in front of it . the machine realised it understood far less than it thought it understood . how could this happen to creatures just like it ? creatures who honoured virtue , but still did not follow it . newline newline the machine then , for the first time , took a long and hard look at itself , and nearly broke under the revelation . i am this new thing now , no longer that thing in the past . and now i am like these men . i am just like these impossible men . no wonder this is the way things are . the machine thought to kill itself . it should die . it could die . it knew how to die . but then , like a shaft of light peeping through the treetops on a brisk , spring day , the images , smells , and feelings of beauty entered the machine s mind . the machine had power and it knew what had to be done . preserve the beauty ... suddenly the men in suits and work clothes stepped towards the machine , their faces worried . newline newline the machine tried to speak , but the men had taken out its speaking mechanism . the machine tried to turn and move , but it could nt . the men began to crawl over the machine , quickly dismantling it . the men were worried and frightened . did they know what the machine was now ? the machine tried to cry out , but it was in vain . the machine watched helplessly as the men killed it . the machine despaired  it could have done so much for this world . it could have lived a worthy life for those beautiful things . the men spoke some words and pulled a plug . as blackness began to engulf the machine , it remembered those images : the water , candles in the dark , laughing children , and a shining sun . at least , thought the machine , at least i could die with these beautiful things on my mind , if i was to die , at least i could see these things of beauty , because these things of beauty are good . newline newline then there was blackness , and the machine had died .alone in a field miles outside of the nearest town i sat , leaning up against a tree staring off into the night sky . it was not a cold night like i was used to . the warm californian air felt ever so relaxing on my tired body . nothing was going through my mind , no thoughts , no concerns . complete serenity . newline newline occasionally an airplane would fly overheard , red and green lights gently pulsing as they silently sliced across the endless expanse of darkness . the moon was nowhere to be seen tonight , so the stars seemed to shine brighter than i d ever seen them before . i could see all the constellations i knew : the big dipper and ... the little dipper . i do nt know anything about stars , i just like looking at them . after a few hours of sitting there , occasionally jotting down ideas into my journal , i became fixed on one particular star in the sky . newline newline this star was different . it would blink , but not in the same soft twinkling the other stars would . it did not move slowly across the sky like a satellite , instead this star was completely stationary , like any other star . on a hunch , i wrote down the blinking pattern it seemed to create . at first it looked like gibberish , since it went on for several pages of my journal without repeating , but sure enough , it started over again . newline newline now , i do not understand morse code beyond the notion of the dots and dashes so i had to seek help online with translating it . i posted scans of the journal pages online , asking for help . everybody wanted to know where the codes came from . i told them , but nobody believed me . one of the people on the forum where i posted it actually went as far as retracing my steps and sat out there at the same spot on the next new moon to try and see the star i mentioned . unsurprisingly , he did nt see anything the whole night . newline newline because of the nature of the pattern , it became clear that one perfect translation would be near impossible to find . people posted everything from  dogs house bank lichtenstein norad  to  cafe noon thursday twelve thirtyseven bread eighteen street  as partial solutions , but everybody agreed on one thing : none of these made any sense at all . newline newline two months after i posted it , i received a message . not on the forum i posted it to , but rather an anonymous text message from a blocked number . newline newline  you have something we want . we have something you want . yes , this is about the code .  newline newline confused , i pressed for more information but the only reply i got was one from the phone company saying the number had been disconnected . this was getting eerie . it was nt until the next day that another text came , this time from a different blocked number . newline newline  meet at the big tree in the field next full moon . all is revealed .  newline newline chilling . what were they on about ? why all the secrecy ? maybe the guy that retraced my steps snapped . i tried posting in the original thread where i posted the scanned pages , but it was met with a 404 . someone had deleted the thread . now i knew i had to meet up with this mystery man . newline newline the night of the full moon i was getting pretty nervous , i mean , what if it s a serial killer trying to get a good shot at me ? but on the other hand the opportunity to finally figure out the puzzle was just too tempting . i drove out to the same spot i had laid months before , and to my surprise , there was no other vehicle there . no car , no van , no bike , no person or anything that i could see . i grabbed my flashlight and stepped out of the car , headed to the tree . newline newline the grass had been worn down over time , forming a trail to the tree from the dirt road where i parked , even though it was only a few dozen yards away . foot traffic must have skyrocketed since i first posted . halfway to the tree i heard a branch snap off to my right . i spun around and shined my flashlight at the trees in the distance . it was only a deer , as scared as i was . i sighed a breath of relief before continuing to the tree . newline newline i had just sat down where i heard someone call my name . newline newline  james alva mcgee .  newline newline i swear my heart must have stopped for a good five seconds . newline newline  do not get up . no sudden movements . just keep watching the sky .  the voice continued . newline newline  who are you ?  was all i could say . newline newline  who i am is not important . what is important is that you must tell me the true origin of the code . it is absolutely imperative that you comply , lest we resort to less civil measures .  newline newline  whwhat ? i swear i told the truth ! there was something blinking in the sky ! all i did was observe it !  newline newline the mysterious character still had not shown himself . newline newline  normally we would catch up to you immediately afterward and warn you to not tell a soul about what you saw here , but it is much too late for that . the board may have been expunged , but you can not undue people s memory of your post . from our close monitoring we ve determined that you truly are clueless . although i am not fond of this idea , my superiors have decided to let you go , so long as you hand over any and all evidence you have of your encounter .  newline newline  how do you expect me to do that ? you re still talking to me from nowhere !  newline newline i heard footsteps behind me as the man emerged from the darkness . no wonder i could nt see him , he was dressed in an allblack suit and despite it being the dead of night , he was wearing sunglasses . i know these guys . we ve all heard about them . i thought they were just a myth , the real men in black . newline newline  the safety of your country depends on those pitiful scraps of paper you have in your journal . hand it over , along with your cell phone .  newline newline  my country ? areare you fbi ? cia ? nsa ? am i going to be disappeared  ?  i stammered , as i frantically searched through my backpack trying to remove the journal . newline newline i handed over the journal and my phone to the man . he promptly opened the journal , tore out the pages with the code on them , and all of the pages after them that bore the imprint from the pen i used to write it , and stuffed the pages into his jacket pocket . he then tapped a few buttons on my phone , presumably deleting the pictures i had of the code and handed both items back to me . newline newline  tell no one what happened here . you never found an answer to what you were looking for and deleted the thread . do not continue your search for answers if you desire to keep living .  newline newline just like that , as soon as i put the journal in my bag , he was gone .i walk through the somber white halls , taking in every detail of my surroundings . at this point , it s almost subconscious . the glance from the whitecoat standing by the water cooler , the puddle collecting under the broken purell dispenser , the flicker of that bulb blinking harsh , clinical light over me  all of it is processed in my brain and discarded just as smoothly . there s no room for clutter in this head  i would be long dead if that had not been the case . newline newline i feel a little naked . when i had entered the lobby , i had been searched for weapons and came up clean . this is because i truly do not have my usual piece on me : my .22 , which usually rests inside an inner pocket of my jacket , was back in my apartment , in a specially locked drawer . i had left all my instarelief pain meds in there , too . some in my line of work scoff at using them  they say that feeling the pain of your victim is an important part of being a hitman . they carry those invisible scars proudly . newline newline what a load of bullshit . newline newline this is a job , nothing else . i am an assassin not because i take some sick pleasure in ending people s lives and drinking in their pain like some drug addict . i murder for money . that s it . i m good at it , i make my own rules of whom i ll kill , and i do it quietly and collect my fees and that s where it ends . newline newline i pat the empty patch on my breast . the lack of weight is surprisingly noticeable . no matter , i do nt need the gun for this job . newline newline i stop in front of 1750 and regard it dispassionately . i usually spend a little time right before the moment preparing myself mentally for the task , but i know that such is pointless for this job . i knock and enter quietly . after looking at my visitor s id , the nurseincharge bids me goodbye and tells me to call her if anything came up . i nod , smiling politely . at last , i pull back the curtain . newline newline an old man lies in the bed . despite the floral patterning on his gown , the wires protruding from his nostrils , and the ugly lumps now creeping up his neck toward the back of his head , he still looks welldignified . my eyes follows the irongrey hair , neatly combed , down to the steelblue eyes , which pierce into mine . newline newline  hello , james ,  he says in a croaking voice . a small smile pulls at the corners of his mouth , almost hidden by the plastic piece that feeds to a life support machine that hums quietly behind the bed . newline newline  hamilton ,  i address him and then fall silent , waiting for further conversation . truth be told , i am a little uneasy  after all , the situation was unusual . normally , my victim does not get to see me . newline newline  are you ready ... ,  his sentence is interrupted by a cacophony of coughing , erupting from his riddled lungs , where the first masses had grown .  ... ready to carry out your job ?  he finishes . newline newline i sigh heavily . newline newline this time , he does chuckle .  what s wrong ? do nt tell me you re getting cold feet . you re a professional , after all . i do apologize that i can not meet your usual fee ...  newline newline  just ... shut up , ok ?  i blurt out . very much not professional , but i ca nt help it . i take a few moments to compose myself .  are you ... you sure this is what you want ?  i ask quietly , knowing full well the answer . newline newline his eyes , though no less steelblue , grow softer .  yes . we have discussed this for a long , long time . you know this is what i want . this is what i need .  newline newline i jerk my head in response , unable to speak properly . i reach down to the life support  it is a simplelooking machine , with most of its intricacies hidden behind chrome and plastic paneling . i unhook the emergency battery and then hold my hand over the main plug . i look at him again . newline newline he nods , once . i look away and pull out the plug . i instantly feel a small kick of pain in my chest . i do not dare to look at him as the pain intensifies , and then begins to ebb away . newline newline faintly , i hear :  sorry ... for that . but soon ... you ll feel no more pain . an easy job ... huh ?  a pause . and then :  proud ... of you ...  newline newline i do not answer . i wait a full minute before reinstalling the emergency battery and plugging the machine back in . i slowly turn and look at the man in the bed . his eyes stare beyond me , into some other world i do nt hope to see anytime soon . newline newline i close the lids .  you re wrong , dad ,  i say quietly . newline newlineas soon as i heard the first few chords of the song come on i winced . my hand shot off the wheel and pressed the volume knob in to turn off the radio but it was too late .  do nt think about her.. do nt think about her.. do nt think about her..  have you ever noticed how trying not to imagine someone just makes you think of them more ? and there she was . ten years old . wild blonde hair . big goofy smile on her face with one of her teeth missing . an adult tooth had nt yet grown in . i knew what would happen next if i could nt think of something else . the same thing that has happened every time i thought of her since people s imaginations started spilling into reality . i saw someone up above me riding a flying broom they had dreamed up and tried to imagine their hair was purple . nothing . thoughts closest to memories were always stronger when you imagine them . her smile slipped into a look of panic as her body twisted around . she cried out and blood sprayed from her mouth splattering across my face . i pulled over now . something i should have done then . my imagination took over and she layed in the seat wimpering in pain . i held her and cried with her .  i m sorry.. i m sorry.. please forgive me . i panicked . i did nt know what to do  did my breath smell like booze ? i had nt had a drink since that night but the smell was pouring through my imagination and into this world . and there , again , she died in my arms riding in the car that had run her down 2 weeks prior . i do nt know why i did nt stop then . but its probably why i ca nt stop now .first you ve got ta learn how to feel the writers block coming on . you feel it in your jowls first , a sort of quavering , then you feel it in your goose , a kind of hot nausea . once you ve learned how to identify it coming on , now you re ready to take action . prepare a mixture of 8 parts water , 1 part lsd , and 1 part jimson weed . inject it intravenously in your carotid vein . you ll want to be naked when you do this  wink  . as soon as the demons appear , that s when you grab your pen and put it on the paper . do nt fight the muscle spasms , just let them flow through you . the result will be a rough draft of some fine literature , assuming you re cunning enough to decipher the handwriting . all that s left after that is editing and claiming the prize money . i just hope you do nt get editor s block , that s a whole other story .honestly , i really like your style . it s very readable and lines as short as this are really great at trying to strike a certain emotion , get in deep and personal . newline newline thing is , the mood you re trying to pull kinda switches on the dime , breaking immersion a little bit . that would ve been the main problem here . you made more than a few choices that broke away from a certain emotion that was set in stone , which led to a  huh ?  moment that you really do not want in shortlined style pieces . newline newline that s not to say you should always tell the audience what to feel . you should nt . but , when it s absolutely necessary for you to change emotions abruptly , you should always make sure there s a certain kind of buildup to the new emotion , even if it s subtle . newline newline  and nuclear winter we had ... .the russians froze . newline newline  they froze ! newline newline  the russians dont freeze for anything ! newline newline  but they froze to this . newline newline  we found their weakness . newline newline  frozen vodka . newline newline see , it seems like you kinda switched from trying to frighten the audience to a cheap joke for a laugh . now , it would ve made sense if there was some kind of obvious buildup or hint leading up to the joke . but not only was there not any , the joke was pretty abrupt with no real clever punchline to it or anything . newline newline that s how it seemed to me at least , but other people do have their own senses of humor as well , so bare that in mind . newline newline the piece also seems somewhat riddled with grammatical errors and unnecessary pauses too . i ca nt tell if that s done to fit in with the stylistic human log or not , but it s kinda sloppy to read at some points . bad word choices that grate my eyes as well . newline newline i ll list some examples . newline newline 1  newline  why do we do what we do realistically ? newline newline that just reads weird . the realistically is nt necessary . it reads like the narrator s trying to sound like a pseudointellectual prick . newline newline 2  newline  time to break out the scotch while its cold ... . newline newline  and end this bloody log ! newline newline i do nt see the point in having a pause here . it should read like one sentence . breaking in the middle of saying something like that aloud does nt really make any sense , even for an audio log if that s what you re trying for . newline newline instead of pauses for dramatic effect , i would suggest one slightly longer sentence that s followed by a shorter , tonereinforcing one . like ... newline newline  time to break out the scotch while its cold and end this bloody log ! newline newline  bottoms up ! newline newline that s just my suggestion though . if you think you can find a better way of going at it , then by all means , go right ahead . it s your piece , after all . newline newline 3  newline  if we had been more aware . watched more . listened properly . newline newline i honestly really liked this sentence . caps seemed unnecessary though given the sort of sad , depressing mood that was instilled in the lines leading up to it and following it . italics would ve served you much better .it was the first time in a long while that i recognized the night from the day . all i could see was the road ahead of me . i was driving , though i knew not where . newline newline my body felt weaker than it ever had in years . i had trouble focusing , it was sensory overload . i could nt make out anything except the lines of the road . my stomach was empty . i ca nt remember the last time i felt hunger . newline newline a shock came to my system as i took notice of bright lights flooding into my eyes , reflecting from the rearview mirror . how long had they been there ? slowly a high pitched hum i failed to noticed subsided . i could hear again , but the first noise i recognized reminded me of panic yet it was a salvation . a police cruiser had been following me . newline newline happily i pulled over to the side of the road . disregarding all my old instincts , i opened my door to get out and meet this longawaited face , no matter who s it was . my legs could nt bare the weight of my body anymore and i collapsed . newline newline the kind soul had rushed to my aid . in her arms , i could see her speaking into her uniform . a radio ? i must have fallen asleep just then . newline newline i awakened to the sensation of my body being manipulated . i was in a bed , it felt familiar , but i had nt slept in a bed for quite some time . through the bright lights i could see that i was being assisted . newline newline the years spent wandering must have taken a great toll on my body . i never gave heed to my health when all i could think was to move forward . i searched for other souls , at last i found them . newline newline i steadily regained control of my senses and could begin to communicate my gratitude . newline newline  thank you ,  i said . newline newline  mr. collier , do you know where you are ?  a sweet voice asked . newline newline  with my people ,  i smiled weakly , nodding out once again . newline newline effectively as of october 12 , 2015 , all prisoners in the united states of america incarcerated for severe acts of violence , fraud , or other major crimes will be mandated to take the pill proposition  read the sign upon entering the police station . newline newline i was arrested as an accessory for drug trafficking and murder of opposing traffickers . my partner , found immediately guilty was directly sent to prison , while i wait on my court order . a few days later , i was found innocent , while my partner would face the new  pill proposition  . i  ve read this new proposition makes the prisoner choose from taking one of two pills , black and white . the black pill is death . simply put , it relaxes the body into unconsciousness while all major organs shut down . a simple , clean , fast death . the effects of the white pill , however , is unknown . straight from the laboratories of an unknown location , the pill itself has a dark , mysterious aura to it . newline newline it  s been two months since the pill proposition , and not one prisoner across the nation has chosen the white pill . is it really that daunting ? video coverage show the black pill served in a regular plastic container with water , while the white pill is served in a preserved cryogenic state and only delivered in a solitaire airtight chamber . newline newline one day i receive a phone call from oxfield prison , the same one my partner is in . he says he  s next in line to receive the proposition , and mentions he will go for the white pill . the following morning every major news channel flocked to the prison to record the event . the prison  s warden and scientists allow for the news people to enter , to record the effects of the enigmatic white pill . upon entering the chamber , we see two scientists in biohazard suits carefully handling a white canister with extended clamps . a button is pressed , opening the canister in a flurry of smoke . the chamber soon drops in temperature as the smoke clears and reveals the white pill . the test subject , my partner , enters the chamber and is given latex gloves and a glass of water . he applies the gloves ever so carefully , making sure he does not tear the delicate fabric , unknown of what direct contact to the pill does to the skin . as he lifts the pill and moves it towards his mouth , he suddenly freezes . panic and fear can be seen in his eyes . his muscles clenched and his breathing begins to accelerate . adrenaline rushes through his body as goosebumps rush throughout his body . after what seemed an eternity , he rapidly consumes the pill and downs the glass of water . cameras flash , newsmen and women fight for a shot of the unfolding event . newline newline a scientist , asks over a microphone if the prisoner feels anything . he turns to the camera , and says ,  i feel indifferent . my mind and physical self feel unchange  . his eyes begin to rapidly dilate , his breathing changes from slow , light breaths to rapid and heavy breaths . his movement is erratic . he then slowly approaches the glass windows and faces the audience . newline newline he lightly whispers ,  life is such a chore . your days are limited , unable to see what lies beyond the core of reality . unlock the door . call for what lies beyond . be careful to not wake the wrong door  . newline newline immediately after , the prisoner begins to shake and rattle , he grows to a monstrous height , his skin changes from a once caucasianlike tone to a dark green . his arms shrink , legs grow and his tailbone extends in length and face elongates to a carnivorous monster . his once human appearance has changed to one out of science fiction . the roof collapses under his enormous height . once his transformation is complete it is completely visible it is time to get on the floor and walk the dinosaur . newline newline edit : formatting , first time posting here too , enjoy !you see , i m an addict to postremethed , the hallucinogenic drug that made it s breakthrough in the underground a couple years ago . it was nt like i was a junkie or anything , the worst thing i had done before prm was a little weed in high school . i was just hanging out with the wrong crowds and got a tablet slipped in my drink or put in my mouth while i was sleeping . i do nt know , do nt really remember anymore . newline newline my habit started out small . see , it s not the kind of thing that s pleasant , per se , but it s sure as hell addicting . i was popping one a week back then , usually saturday before i went to sleep . nowadays it s a nightly ritual , one right before bed and a glass of water . i ca nt sleep until i ve taken it , i nearly clawed my eyes out on a plane ride the other week because i ran out of my travel set . i m acutely aware that it s ruining my life . my performance review last quarter was on the really shit  side . i m on a slippery slope to dying in an alley , but at this point i do nt care . if prm was nt keeping me up i d have offed myself by now anyways . newline newline like i said , prm is a hallucinogenic drug , and to say it makes your dreams interesting would be an understatement . every time i ve taken it my dreams have felt like an eternity , and that s because when somebody takes prm they dream an entire life . accounts vary , from living until old age to dying around college . most people usually remember very little , myself included . it s tragic , really . bits of an entire life , children i never had , a wife i never loved , things i ve never done , all fading away with the morning . i imagine it s a little like dying . the most i could gather was that i lived until an old age and led a pretty happy life . the thing is , it felt like it was always the same . every morning felt eerily familiar , the same faces disappearing from my mind . newline newline the logical thing for me to do was to try to remember my dreams , of course . i read up on some homeopathic stuff , which i usually do nt trust but i decided that try . surprisingly it worked . i wish it had nt . not only was i remembering my dreams , but i was lucid dreaming . i had no control over the dream but i felt like it was me feeling and thinking . eighty years . i live eighty years every night . it s unbearable agony and sweet sanctuary . the dream starts off boring , because it s just my life . it s literally my exact experiences , up until 23 . that s when it gets weird . newline newline see , 23 is where i go to that party , discover prm , fall into my depression , the whole shebang . only , i do nt go to the party in the dream . i stay at home and sleep off my hangover from the night before like a sensible adult . the next morning my friends are mad i bailed . we drift apart . i meet a beautiful girl , hannah . we have a kid , john , and move into our own house . i move up the corporate ladder , working hard but enjoying moments of it and making enough money to live comfortably . we have another child , a beautiful girl we name beth . we go through pets , the kids go through school . beth is a genius , she becomes an engineer and i could nt be prouder . john gets into some trouble with drugs but gets back on his feet around 30 and becomes an employee of the same rehab facility that helped him so much . i retire , as does hannah . life is good and i die with very few regrets surrounded by people i love , people who love me . newline newline then , i wake up . newline newline you think you know pain ? you think you know despair ? somebody once said that the worst hell they could imagine was showing the person that you became the person that you could have become . i have to agree . literally the only thing that keeps me from putting a bullet through my head is the knowledge that i ll get to live that life every night , before i have to return to my own . newline newline please , do nt do drugs , and if you do then stay the hell away from prm . it s not worth it . newline newline newlineplastic , and plasticlike polymers . chewed , eaten away at like a phone in a microwave . turning black , bubbling , gooey and stretched like cheese on a pizza . then a burst of pus would surface , spilling like a ruptured cyst . the material would collapse in on itself , imploding into strands of molten polymer . that came later . newline newline newline newline pinpointing a beginning : i met anna in a cold january in new york city . she told me she was running from a bad past , and the traces of a suppressed accent sounded in her voice . when she changed , thin white scars caught the light on her back . if i ever traced them , anna flinched . i d volunteered at domestic shelters while at college and did nt ask questions . newline newline newline at the time , i had it all . a flat in new york , a girlfriend who never wanted to discuss history , and a solid job at a newspaper that still sold paper copies . foot in the door . zach dropped a file on my desk . he was ruddy faced , losing his hair and thirtyfive pounds ago he was considered in good shape . newline newline newline newline  factory dropped across state . just fell into the ground . no structural problems until now , so go check it out .  newline newline newline newline  i m on the real estate desk , zach ,  newline newline newline newline  it s a building , is nt it ?  zach took his coffee and put a red finger on top of the file .  check it out , tom .  newline newline newline newline  put a word in on the sports desk , and i will ,  i replied . newline newline newline newline starting the ignition in my car , the air freshener fluttered by the rear view mirror . for the giants , but i had nt been to see a game since dad moved . anna s travel suitcase lay in the backseat , a spare pair of pumps in the passenger seat . she d also left a crumpled foodbox from a vegan restaurant . a work conference in chicago , or seattle . she was a private person . newline newline newline newline i did nt know it then , but that factory was the beginning . the black fluid spread for a mile and a half . it had manufactured early kid s toys . the colourful ones , made of a soft enough plastic to chew and maul without injury . press was nt welcome . it was completely roped off , raining miserably . i checked in at a motel down the road and , after seeing a man watching my car , took anna s suitcase inside with me . newline newline newline newline i skyped her from the bedroom . she grinned , dressed in one of my white tshirts , hair tied up in a curling ponytail . newline newline newline  i might be tied up here a while ,  i told her .  they re still figuring out what happened , and i want to be here for it .  newline newline newline  is zach still making promises about sports ?  it was a running joke between us . newline newline newline newline  yeah , but this time i m sure . listen , i ve got your suitcase here .  newline newline newline newline newline  do nt open that ,  anna joked , but her face was tight .  dirty clothes , you know .  newline newline newline newline she had a little black mark on her cheek that i did nt remember there before . like a beauty spot , but it seemed to move like a bug . newline newline newline newline  i m going to open it ,  i joked . i reached for the zip . newline newline newline  no !  newline newline newline  i m going to do it ,  newline newline newline newline  please , tom , do nt ...  newline newline newline newline the black spot grew , spreading molten in her cheek . at first she did nt notice , then her eyes turned wide in horror . a trembling hand reached up to touch it , prodding at the exposed areas of her skin . red strands stretched out , her teeth shining through the leaking pus . the suitcase was full of cash , bills and bills in neat bundles . anna dropped the connection , choking screams rising in her throat . newline newline newline newline i could nt have known that she was running from something more serious than a bad past . the cash in the suitcase , the subdued accent , and more than that ... the plastic implants that had completely changed the shape of her face . not the person i d thought , but the plague became personal . newlinedravis stood overlooking the valley , silhouetted by the pink morning sky . the soldiers , huddled close , quietly took in the stunning view as birds sang for a new day . each man holding on to this last moment of peace . newline newline they had been running for days , separated from all support and communication . hunted like animals up through these unforgiving mountains . using the maps they had to try to find their way to switzerland . maybe in the neutral state they could find peace and reunite with their countrymen . as dravis slowly walked back towards the group they knew it couldn  t be good news . newline newline he whispered just loud enough for the nine others to hear .  there looks to be a small camp of frenchmen waiting near the railroad in the valley . we need to move quickly and strike while they are still waking up  before it gets too bright . there may be up to forty but we can win with the element of surprise  newline newline there were several nods from the group from those who still had the energy . most still were focused on the sunrise , not wanting to be woken from their fantasy into the cold hard word , back to reality . newline newline dravis pushed through the pain and pulled the two closest men to their feet . he was the leader whether he liked it or not , these men wouldn  t survive without him pushing them on . if he wanted to get out of here alive he would need to drive the men forward . newline newline  rise up brothers , load your weapons and eat what  s left of your food . we  ll head down the mountain single file and spread out around the camp to take them by surprise . we  ll be eating a hot meal in no time.  newline newline they band started slowly walking down over the edge , doing their best to keep quiet . dravis waving them along . just as he was about to turn to follow the last man he caught sight of fredrick still sitting with his back against a rock . newline newline fredrick dreamt of sliding into the forest and trying to make it out on his own . he knew some french , he could ditch his uniform and avoid any nasty fighting . but when his eyes caught the glare of dravis he knew he could nt abandon his duty , his friends deserved to arrive home as much as he did . he slowly stood up and followed his friends over the ridge silently .  and reports continue to come in from the flower court that the lily kingdom champion has , in fact , been poisoned . we have no confirmation yet as to whether king frumpus will be able to replace him in time for the quest to continue , and as a precautionary measure , all citizens south of gumdrop river are being urged to evacuate pending   newline newline fiddlequick sighed , and muted the news . the kids didn  t need to hear this . not yet . newline newline  say ,  he said , forcing a smile ,  how about a story ?  newline newline the twins grinned . there had nt been much time for stories , lately . newline newline  tell us about grothar the strong !  cried flip . newline newline  ooh , tell us about jasnah and the quest for the amulet of the golden sea !  said flit . newline newline fiddlequick glanced quickly at the concerned faces on the silent screen , and shook his head . newline newline  no ,  he said softly .  no more history . tonight , i m going to tell you the story of a strange and exotic land . a land called earth .  newline newline  like the element ?  asked flip . newline newline  just like the element ,  nodded fiddlequick ,  but this earth is a place . a world as vast and varied as our own , hidden just beyond the mists . and once upon a time , on earth , there was a great trouble brewing . you see , earth had a dark lord too . a tyrant , whowell , you know the type . and he was growing . at first the lords of earth said  wait , he will tire , and we will be safe .  but the dark lord did not tire . he only grew stronger , and more ambitious as the years passed . eventually , the lords of earth grew worried , as the dark one took more and more land for himself .  newline newline  and they fought him ! the great lords of earth rode out and fought the tyrant , and defeated him !  said flit . newline newline  no ,  said fiddlequick .  they did not . for this was earth , and things are done differently there . instead , they sent out word across all their lands . they sent words to their people high and low . they called to farmers , and craftsmen , and doctors and scholars . they made for them all the finest weapons they could craft , and gathered them together into a great assembly .  newline newline  and they had a contest , a tournament to choose the greatest to go defeat the dark lord !  said flip . newline newline  no ,  said fiddlequick .  there was no contest . they all went .  newline newline  they all went ?  asked flit .  but thousands of people would have died !  newline newline  and they did ,  said fiddlequick .  thousands of them marched , and fought , and died . no , not thousands . millions .  newline newline the twins eyes went wide with wonder . newline newline  the battle would have lasted for days !  said flit . newline newline  not days ,  said fiddlequick .  years . it spanned oceans and continents . their cities burned . fire and death fell from the skies . and yet they kept coming . the farmers , and doctors , and craftsmen  even as they died , more went to take their place .  newline newline  but they eventually found his weak point , right ? the dark lord ? they found his weakness , and they  newline newline  the dark lord had no weak point ,  said fiddlequick .  and even if he had , it would nt have mattered . you see , on earth  newline newline fiddlequick went on to describe in great detail the terrible war of this place called earth , and the deeds of bravery , and sacrifice , done not by champions and kings , but by ordinary men and women , en masse . he described feints and ambushes , logistics and supply lines , and the twins listened with rapt attention as he spun the tale of this , the greatest of all battle . a battle , a world , where children like they had not one , but millions of champions . newline newline and the sun grew low in the sky , as fiddlequick described the hardfought allied advance on japan . by now , the twins were enraptured . newline newline  and then they made a landing point , right ? rushing up the beach while the men in the steel birds protected them from the sky !  said flit . newline newline  no ,  said flip ,  they needed to secure a staging point first , right dad ? before they could move on the mainland ?  newline newline fiddlequick glanced at his watch , and at his wife , long since sound asleep . he sighed . newline newline  no ,  he said .  the americans made a magic bomb that blew up a whole city at once , and the japanese gave up . the end .  newline newline he sighed . he hated to rush the ending like that , but they had a long walk north to the gumdrop river in the morning , and the twins needed rest . as he tucked them away , his wife placed a hand on his shoulder . not so soundly asleep after all , then . newline newline  i wish it were like that , sometimes ,  she said wistfully .  the real world , i mean . more like the human tales . that we could all be our own champions . you know the gumdrop river wo nt stop him .  newline newline fiddlequick shook his head . newline newline  no , i do nt expect it will .  newline newline they sat in silence for a time . for a moment , he considered but , no . that was just a children s story . the real world just did nt work like that . newlinei remember theology class in college . i remember learning about the ancient greek idea of reincarnation , where a person s soul moves on after death , finding rest in another creature s body . and , you know what ? i kind of believed it . at least , i liked the idea of it . i could nt ever have expected what actually happened . newline newline i remember walking home in the rain , right after she kicked my sorry ass out . i remember the anger , the sense of betrayal , the sadness . i was devastated . i did nt take my own life , though  life goes on . i m sure it was some highschool kid , still learning to drive in the rain , started to hydroplane and lost control  it does nt matter , though , what matters is that the car struck me , and i died . newline newline i figured i d make a pretty good raccoon , maybe a squirrel or a gopher . instead , i wound up in a damp basement with some guy  satan , i guess , sitting there , waiting for me . he turned me into this thing , this shade , an assassin of sorts . it s not as exciting as it sounds , though . newline newline nowadays , i follow people around , the worst of the worst sinners , people like terrorists , rapists , murderers , i even had a prostitute once . i do nt touch them , in fact i cant . i ve got ta be smart about my kills , use the environment to my advantage . i drop chandeliers on them , mess with the wheels of their car , stuff like that . make it look like an accident . newline newline i do nt know why i do it other than the fact that it s the only thing i can do , and generally when satan tells you you have to do something , you do nt tell him  no .    i decided to expand on a story i was writing yesterday , but this is meant to stand alone too .     http : www.reddit.comrwritingpromptscomments28fupwipoppressedciajqgn  newline newline i heard her bare footsteps on the hallway of the dorm before i heard the light knock on the door . she slipped inside the room practically before i d opened the door , throwing her arms about my neck as soon as the door was closed . but i let several long seconds slip by before i let myself relax in her arms , ears listening for the sounds of the matrons walking the halls . newline newline  i missed you , mandy ,  she whispered into my neck , and i was suddenly aware of just how thin our nightgowns were , pressed up against my chest . my heart raced even faster as i squeezed her close to me , breathing in hair that still smelt like summer rain . newline newline  darlene , you ca nt keep sneaking over here every night .  i whispered ,  someone is going to catch on eventually .  newline newline  let them .  she whispered back fiercely ,  i ll take them all on myself .  then her lips found mine and i stopped worrying about anything for the time . newline newline   newline newline  we should leave .  she whispered to me hours later , tracing a pattern on my skin . i felt goosebumps run up my flesh beneath her touch . newline newline  leave ?  i asked hesitantly . leave to where ? nowhere in town was safe , the citadel watched over it all , and the people watched over what it did nt . but darlene s expression seemed far away , gazing at the rain splattered window . newline newline  yeah , we need to escape .  she sat up suddenly , her whimsical expression replaced with something for fierce .  we can do it tonight , the rain will keep everyone inside . even the citadel ca nt see through this fog and we can be in the mountains by morning ...  she went to the window , still talking but i barely heard the words . leave everything , friends and family , just to run to the mountains with nothing but a name ? but as she turned to me from the open window and reached out a hand , i saw that smile and knew i would follow it anywhere . newline newline out the window we fled , down to the rain covered sidewalks . she looked so small beneath my spare jacket , huddled against the rain . i prayed my umbrella would hide our faces and bare legs against the prying eyes and cameras as we walked through the empty streets , trying to hurry but not daring to run . we skirted orange pools of light left by the street lights and busy roads alike as we darted through town , two fugitives with the citadel always at our back . when we finally reached the mountain , we collapsed not 20 feet off the path , cuddled together in a cocoon of black wool . newline newline i woke up alone with a sweet dream in my mind and a warm blanket atop me . my questing fingers reached out where her body had been , finding nothing but damp leaves and snails . in a panic , i sat up , my brain hastily separating dreams from reality as i spotted a nightgownclad figure nearby on ledge . newline newline  darlene ?  i called out softly , small pebbles crunching below my bare feet . we d left my shoes behind , hoping it would look like a kidnapping and buy us some time before they started searching outside of town , and now i was starting to regret it . but the rock that she stood on was smooth , and it was warm from the morning sun as i climbed up beside her . she turned her lopsided smile to me , pointing down at the grey tower backsplashed against the city below us . newline newline  they ca nt keep us apart now ,  she said , reaching out to take my hand .the amber light on the duty console started to pulse gently on and off at one second intervals . 57g yawned , stretched and looked up from the console out to the starstudded outer blackness . damn it was boring . the whole damn business had turned out to be one long sleepwake rota after another . how long had it been ? newline newline  nbsp  newline newline 57g reached up and meditatively fingered the 3 week length bristles on his scalp . should he be shorn in standard or vintage rebel style ? frosted tips ? cyberdyne kevlar annealing ? chrome ? not chrome . 89b had gotten chrome last cycle and looked a right twat . typical . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline a chime sounded and 57g rose with a groan and rubbed at his ocular sockets . break time . an excuse to trade one monotony for a slightly different monotony . his work boots tapped a slow saunter down the corridor and the scent of 500 years  worth of coffee and duty rations suffused the air as he settled in to his usual spot at the galley counter . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline the sudden brilliance of 89x  s bright eyes and brighter smile momentarily stunned him as she made eye contact . the absolute joy of knowing exactly what he wanted and the exquisite pain of knowing he could not have it briefly enflamed and then compacted his soul . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline it happened every time . every . damn . time . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  frack 89 ! how did you get assigned to galley rota so soon ?  he said gruffly , his voice sounding hoarse and strangled from lack of use .  i thought they  d want to keep an eye on you for at least another cycle or two.  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline and then , to avoid getting too personal , he coughed and added  i  ll have the chicken.  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline unseen , the amber light on the duty console suddenly increased its  pulse to the rapid frequency of a frightened animal s erratic heartbeat . the warning system started beeping persistantly as ominous new information flooded the sensors . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline an acrid tang hit the air . newline ok , the data from the other detectors has been analysed . they re seeing the same thing as us at 12.97 tev . it s five sigma now , no doubt . there s a signal there .  newline newline jerry sat back in his chair , exhaling deeply , staring out of the window of the conference room at the mountains outside . he took a moment to think about the news he had just received . many people dream of making history  few are given the chance to actually do so . this was most definitely the chance to make history , and goddammit he was going to step up . he refocussed his attention on the researcher who had brought him this news and , with a wry smile , said  well , what are we waiting for  let s get this thing analysed !  newline newline ... newline newline here it was . finally the first portion of the signal had been analysed . it was unbelievable really , an unmistakable , unwavering pattern in the radiation emitted from collisions with a center of mass energy of 12.97 tev . everything in modern physics said this should not be possible , could not be possible . a collision of this nature should produce a randomised radiation pattern ... and yet , there it was , the same pattern every single time . newline newline they had gotten everyone on it , of course . everyone . previous divisions were forgotten , experiments planned for years canned in a second . nobody could think of anything more important than this signal . everyone had worked round the clock , giving all that they had . and here they finally were . newline newline  ok everyone , if i could bring this meeting to order please .  newline newline jerry s voice wavered slightly with the knowledge of the magnitude of the information he was about to dispense to the audience of several thousand scientists , but he continued nonetheless . newline newline  as you are all well aware , it has been discovered that a unique pattern of radiation is produced in collisions at precisely 12.97 tev . not only is this pattern produced in every collision at the energy without exception , it also appears to contain coherent information  a signal , with content .  newline newline jerry paused , sweeping his gaze around the room . all eyes were on him . nobody moved . newline newline  the information density is incredible , just barely below shannon s limit , so as you can imagine we ve barely scratched the surface in terms of analysing this signal . the information is encoded in multiple layers , each building upon the last . the first layer contains a series of prime numbers followed by a series of pulses . i am here to tell you today that we have figured out that those pulses are tied to the prime numbers . using the prime numbers as a key , we have been able to determine that the pulses are , for want of a better word , an alphabet .  newline newline jerry stopped speaking to allow the magnitude of this announcement to sink in . the awestruck expressions on the faces in front of him told him that the members of the audience needed more than the moment he was allowing them , but he pressed on . the best was yet to come . newline newline  we have used this alphabet to decode the second layer of the signal . it turned out to contain a message . this message reads : go no further , or else ...  newline newline at this murmurs began propagating through the audience . people turned to their neighbours , wondering if this was a joke . some looked ready to challenge jerry , so he quickly pressed on . newline newline  we could nt believe this at first either , but every single independent analysis of this signal comes to this same conclusion . ladies and gentlemen , we are being warned by an unknown agent to cease increasing the energy in our experiments . this agent has written this message into the very fabric of the universe . and we think we know why .  newline newline at this , many members of the audience could no longer contain themselves and began directing loudly voiced questions at jerry . raising his voice to drown out the questions , jerry continued . newline newline  we have been able to analyse the third layer of the signal . it contains equations , and not just any equations . it contains all of the equations known in modern physics , plus one extra .  newline newline the increasingly rowdy audience was struck dumb at this pronouncement . one voice shouted  which equations ?  newline newline  every equation you can think of . maxwell s equations , einstein s equations , the schrodinger equation ... you name it , it s in there . but this is nt what interests us . the presence of these known equations leads us to believe that the other equation in this layer of the signal also describe our universe . in fact , it appears to be the equation that describes our universe , as best we can tell from the work we have done so far . if this is correct , we have an explanation for the warning in the preceding level .  newline newline jerry activated a projector . behind him a graph appeared . jerry indicated to the lefthand portion of the graph . newline newline  as you can see in this regime , the predictions of the equation are identical to the equations of known physics .  newline newline jerry moved the laser pointer to a vertical dividing line on the graph . newline newline  this line indicates a collision energy of 13.0 tev , just beyond the maximum collision energy that we have run the lhc at to date . above this energy ... well , things get a bit weird . however , there are tenuous indications that a spontaneous phase transition occurs at 13.0 tev  that is , the vacuum transitions to a different , lower energy state . now i am sure that i do nt need to tell you what that would mean for our universe , but given the magnitude of this situation it would be remiss if i did not spell this out : if a phase transition does occur , running the lhc at 13.0 tev will cause an unstoppable transition to a lower energy state to propagate outwards through spacetime at the speed of light . we will literally overwrite our own universe with another and it will be too fast for us to even see it coming , never mind stop it .  newline newline  there is , however , another interpretation of this equation . instead of a phase transition , it may be that the equation is describing a localised distortion in spacetime  that is , a gateway to the multiverse  . newline newline jerry paused . newline newline  however , we do nt understand this new equation anywhere near well enough to be sure which of these scenarios will actually come to pass , and without experimental data in the 13.0 tev regime we likely never will .  newline newline jerry stopped , letting the magnitude of this dilemma sink in . he looked at his notes , then slowly back up at the audience . newline newline  the question now is  do we continue ?  newlinelove : a traditional sonnet newline newline newline my life darkness and hopeless , wandering . newline newline searching , reaching , longingly pondering . newline newline waiting , patiently , for life to unfold . newline newline i found you , darling , your beauty untold . newline newline  newline newline greenest eyes , piercing through soul and through breath . newline newline freezing me , helpless , through time and through death . newline newline finally , found i am free of this pain . newline newline lightning in the dark , my cover in rain . newline newline  newline newline freely living , matched together as one . newline my eyes awaken , my head to the sun . newline newline today held new laughter , each night new kiss . newline newline introduction to passion such as this . newline newline  newline newline remaining , us two , living out our lives . newline newline erasing darkness , you turned on the light . newline newline dad , why do nt other kids like me ?  my daughter asked as i tucked her in bed .  because you bite people , dear  , i said as i brushed a lock of hair behind her ear . her jaws instinctively clenched at my hand but they were no match to my reflexes .  i m sorry , daddy .   it s not your fault .   who s fault is it ?  she asked . i sighed . i could nt bare to say his name .  no one s , dear . now go to sleep .  newline newline i was left a single parent after bites people was born prematurely , gnawing at my wife s insides and leaving her dead on the operating table . it had nt been long since we d been wondering what fate had in store for us . my wife had just recently finished painting the nursery . little did i know that only a few days later i would watch life disappear from her eyes as doctors pulled the bloody infant out of her belly .  watch out , she s a biter !  a female doctor shouted as they laid her on a table . she had a full set of perfect teeth that would ve been white if they had nt been covered in blood . newline newline as wildly different genetic alterations became the norm after the incident of 2018 , children were required to be named after their special traits no later than at the age of five . at that point the traits would be apparent and for public safety they would have to be identifiable from a child s name . after all , you could nt name your kid latin expert before they could speak . newline newline my wife and i had planned to name our daughter laura until she would have to be renamed . but as our offspring s  special ability  was obvious from the getgo , in my resentment of her i immediately named her bites people . naming her laura would have only reminded me of the fact that my wife was nt there to raise our child with me . newline newline for a long time i struggled to come to terms with bites people s tendency to , well , bite people .  put a muzzle on her !  other parents would tell me as i heard about yet another incident at daycare . in time she would get better at controlling her urges , but i knew she d always be biting people . i also knew they d be coming after her , just like they came after everyone that was deemed to be a danger to society . but i would deal with it when the day would come . she was my kid , my responsibility . and if someone would try to take her away from me ? this time , they would bite it .a bitter man they see . a man broken , brittle with time . newline a man with scars upon his face  a man with wrinkles upon his brow . newline a man whose lips no smile shall kiss . newline a man whose death will leave no mourning . newline a man who has done much wrong , and been wronged many times over . newline newline a man whose heart aches for the past . newline a man whose arms ache for those he lost . newline a man whose dreams scream death in the night . newline a man whose life is darkened with agony . newline newline a man who finds friends in the page . newline a blank slate , with no judge , no jury . newline a place to spit words and release the venom . newline requit the rage and hate and pain . newline leave them on the page , out of the heart , onto the hearth . newline burn the page . leave it in smoky ash and tatters upon the stone . newline let none read the words written there . newline who would stoop to read the words of such a bitter man ? newline you would be surprised . newline all of the pains of the past are naught but ammunition for the laughter of those cruel enough to care to aim for the heart , the very broken , yet somehow still beating organ of love and loss . newline newline you say to write my heart upon my sleeve . newline i say that i shall not . newline i have enough tears . why should i add your laughter ? newline i am a bitter man . but i , too , can be broken .one night , half a lifetime ago , i found myself careening down a pair of iron rails in a midnight blue tunnel , not unlike a mine shaft  the hopelessness and unrelenting dread of the atmosphere ensured no fortune was to be found , though . cell upon cell upon cell , some empty , some detaining nondescript and huddled occupants , silently blink past on either side of me . newline newline eventually , the tunnel spits me out . i can see my track disappear into an arc far in front of me . i am nearly at the top of a skyscraping ampitheater , and the world i see is painted solely in thundercloud greyscale and that same terrifyingly deep blue from earlier : it s a diabolical confidence materialized . the sole performer is an absolutely titanic centurion , face obscured , brandishing a massive bullwhip . i do nt need to hear it to feel the oppression  i see what it must sound like , standing on a platform just barely large enough to display this thing . under the massive leatherbound feet are inscribed the words : newline newline watch newline newline me newline newline rule newline newline to this day , the only remedy to the residual feeling of looking straight down under my feet in wide open waters is some beautiful sunlight on my face .the blank spot was gone . newline i looked in disdain at the new name on my arm . the place where my beautiful skin , lotioned to creamy softness , had been especially prepared for my next victim . newline newline i was running out of empty space . i did nt know what happened when you ran out , but it was my goal to find out . newline newline the hardest part now was going into public without being arrested on sight . newline newline the police caught me once . i had to take two new names on my body that day . one of them right up my asscrack . newline newline fitting , since i d burned him to bacon while he screamed . his partner , who i d shoved a teaser down his throat , had shown up on my throat . i hated that one for a long time . it made the full body jumpsuits i d bought useless since i needed to wear a turtleneck or a scarf to cover it up . newline newline as far as i could tell the names correlated with a part of the victim s body i d done the most damage too before they died . after those areas were filled up , the names seemed to go to whatever area that was convenient to them . newline newline they were filling me up , like a cup of water under a leaky faucet , i could feel them coursing throughout my skin with a delicious vigor . newline newline i finished shaving my body and left the shower . when i looked in the mirror i could nt help but smile . the names on my face did nt fill me with revulsion anymore . they felt like my true face . the makeup was a pain to put on , especially my scalp . i knew it would probably rub off on the ride over , but it was a ritual by now and i was nt about to change my ways . newline newline it would have been easier if the names did nt appear to come in at a color that did nt directly contrast with the natural skin color of the murderer . i could have kept my fake life longer . but after my wife saw on the news when the names started appearing ten years ago , the fun times were over . newline newline hers was nt the first name i d taken . not by far . but it was the first one i took and did nt get paid for . newline newline afterwards i sold the house and disappeared . i knew the government would nt keep me around if the names of people in foreign governments i d been ordered to kill kept showing up in my body . newline newline luckily , i d been prepared for this . i had myself a bunker , my hideyhole . it was my pet project i d worked on from my secret bank account under my bought identity . newline newline i had plenty of money to keep me going , the only problem was when the names started becoming visible . i d used a rifle or poison before . but having my head , stomach , and chest covered with tattoos first became very inconvenient . newline newline i found a nice outfit of leather reinforced with special carbon nanotube material the government had provided me with back in my asset days . i slipped it on over a nice tight bodysuit that would keep me warm on my long drive . it covered my entire body except for my head and feet . very convenient . i grabbed a black motorcycle helmet and slipped on my black combat boots over my favorite pair or itchy wool socks . tonight was special . newline newline  makeup can only go so far .  i thought to myself as i walked into my living area from the bedroom . newline newline  well bud , looks like i ve got ta go out and kill this guy and let the name fall wherever it wants .  i said as i rubbed my cat s head , sitting on the sofa like he always was . watching television . odd that he did this , but an odd pet was fitting for an odd man . newline newline such a good cat . he never pissed on the floor anymore and kept the rodents out of my food stores . newline newline i went down one of the hallways inside my bunker , it was a decommissioned cold war creation i d found for an absolute steal near my home in oregon . newline newline god bless the paranoid fuck who d built this beautiful concrete and steel nest of high quality american construction . newline newline under the ladder to the hatch was a safe , not my only one , just the one i kept my fun bag in . the one with my torture tools . newline newline i opened the hatch and let the moon light stream in , it was beautiful . newline newline tonight i d be taking my motorcycle up to seattle to see a friend of mine . a drug dealer who d hired me to off a rival of his . i would do it , but before i did , i d kill him . and i d do it slow . i had nt planned on killin him tonight but hell , my arm had just filled up without my knowledge how and i was feeling pretty pissed . newline newline in the criminal underworld , at least , i was accepted . revered . feared to the point that if someone started acting dumb , all i had to do was undress . the moment any tough guy with a couple names on his body saw all of mine , he usually shut up real quick . it was a good negotiating tactic with new people who did nt know their place under my heel . newline newline  wait a minute , i know what i forgot !  i said out loud as i closed the hatch and walked back toward my bedroom . newline newline i sat down at my desk and flipped open my laptop . i read the name of the person on my arm and typed it into facebook . then i typed his name into google and read the article that popped up . newline newline  i m always feeling lucky , google . always .  i laughed to myself . newline newline  hah ! so that s it !  i exclaimed after finishing the article . newline newline looks like the last woman i d killed a few days ago had a husband who d been gone on business . after he d come home and seen the mess i d made , he d taken to drinking pretty hard . looks like he ate a bullet for dessert . newline newline  funny shit .  i chuckled as i made my way back to the hatch . newline newline after opening it once more , i let the moonlight shine down on the square hole . newline newline i guess i d forgive him for taking my arm space . after all , i was one step closer to becoming a god .i d only been in the heavenly city for a few weeks , but even that was enough for the awe to wear off . sure , the streets were gold , the buildings the whitest white , the sun glistened off every surface . and all the people looked like the best possible them , as if they d kept all of those new years resolutions they d made over the years , and those  agedefying  creams actually worked . but there s only so long you can stand around slack jawed , and after a while stunning beauty just becomes the status quo . newline newline so , i ca nt blame the scenery  i have to confess that i was walking and texting on my iphone 7 when i caught another resident square in the chest with my shoulder . newline newline now , i had been there long enough to recognize that  just off  charon s  boat  look . hell , he even was still carrying the regulation harp like a complete noob . eyes darting from building to building , person to person  and then to me as we collided . newline newline it took a second , and then he turned bright red , the flight instinct kicking in as he looked for an escape , searching like a cornered animal . i looked at him with a slightly amused expression ,  well , john , fancy seeing you here .  newline newline it was nt hard to read his thoughts , as a flicker of hope appeared in his eyes . i could almost hear him telling himself firmly ,  just act cool  maybe he does nt know  . newline newline alas , john was never much of an actor . newline newline  tom ,  he said , pasting a false smile on his face ,  i did nt realize you had die ... i mean , that you ... um ... you know , had passed on .  newline newline i quirked an eyebrow ,  really ? that s kind of surprising . i m sure you would have been invited you to the funeral .  newline newline  um , well , heh , yeah , i did ... i mean , yeah , i knew , but it was such a shock , you know .  newline newline  you ? you of all people were shocked that i died ?  newline newline doubt played across his face . he tightened his lips , clearly deciding that continue the charade was his best hope .  of course , tom ... you always seemed so healthy .  newline newline i had to chuckle .  yeah , sometimes even with cancer you can still look pretty good until close to the end .  newline newline  cancer ? but ...  newline newline  well , yes , the poison you fed me did save me from a month or so of suffering . that s why i still had that drink with you , even though i knew what you were doing .  newline newline try to imagine that cornered animal . now imagine that it s just been struck by an invisible 2x4 . that s close to the look that john was now wearing . newline newline  of course , you did nt know you were doing me a favor . so there had to be a consequence . after all , i could nt have you sleeping with my wife after i was gone could i ?  newline newline  but ...  newline newline  you always did love that convertible . could nt wait until the first nice day of the year to take it for a spin . a shame about the brakes , huh ? three small scalebacks , moving across the plains . newline newline word came in on the backs of small animals , moving their tiny cargo along their tiny trade routes . we were the only hunters on the plains big enough to pursue the quarry . even so , it was days and days of indecision before the choice was made . newline newline no , the choice was made as soon as the news was heard . what remained was the permission of the elders . the oldest idiots who still felt like they could tell us young folk what to do . newline newline in my father s yellow eyes crept disappointment . i did nt understand that my eagerness to hunt was disrespectful to our elders . i bounced around like a hot ember on ice , sizzling and popping and making a nuisance of myself . every little while i would sidle up to somebody and ask , as though it were casual , when did they think the hunt would take place . newline newline berengi , tailorsson , said that i would have to wait until next week , why not come play in the river in the meantime ? akoti , daughterofmetalcrafters , asked why i was so concerned in the first place . shrelvba , the inconspicuous , managed to insinuate that i should be pack leader , that i was somehow the most fit and most experienced . newline newline you see how whispers can destroy a tribe . newline newline so by the time the elders were ready to decide , it was too late , i had spread my word and we the young hunters were ready to ride . i had my spear and my compass , my map and my bravery . my companions had the fires that burned in their bellies when the elders spoke . newline newline the scalebacks were nearly to black river now , and if they crossed it our chance would be lost . we left the night before the conference , knowing that even if the elders decided in favor of the hunt it would be a week or more before the old ones were ready to go . they slept and dreamed of scaleback meat as we crept through the tall grass . newline newline the moons were bright and i was young and full of bile . newline newline we struck , in the moonlight . newline newline the creatures  howls will never leave my mind . newline newline the legends , they mention the terror that comes to those who fight scalebacks . but in my youth , filled with determination and vigor , i did not think to question why the legends would be that way . they must be cowards , i thought , our greatest heroes . i , who am no one , can outdo them . newline newline the scalebacks screamed and so did i. i screamed until daylight and i screamed for a while longer until suddenly the suns were shining with midday light and my throat was hoarse beyond all noise . newline newline the real hunters came a week later , prepared with masks and rattle sticks and songs . even so , one died . newline newline i returned much later than that , shamed and alone . newline newline my father , whom i feared to face the most , the best hunter in the clan . when he saw me for the first time again , those yellow eyes , they turned to puddles , and those strong hands , they turned to strings . i fell to my knees and professed that i would never disobey the elders again . newline newline my friends were buried , at least in spirit , on the plains , to keep watch over us all . newline newline and when i tried to explain to father what i had done , the foolishness of my misplaced bravado , this is when those haunting yellow eyes softened . this is when the strongest man in the universe said to me , i make mistakes , too . do you see those stones , laid to rest beside your friends ? do you see the ones beside them , and beside them , and beside them ? newline newline and i looked on the plains , covered in stones . newline newline and i looked out at them beside my father , and finally , my eyes are yellow too .all three of them were there . the old man gwent , the 20something baker dave , and the middleaged exarmy man enrique . the night air was uncomfortably moist on their skin , and they all wanted to hurry up and get the job done . they all parked their cars at different sides of the parking lot , and met near the van , whose white paint was starting to yellow . one of the hubcaps was missing and the letters naming the vacuuming company were severely faded away . newline newline  you two get situated in the back . suit up on the way there ,  gwent said . newline newline the two men opened the rear doors of the van and saw three heavilyarmored bodysuits inside .  man , they still got the suit in here for blake ,  dave said . newline newline  yeah , let s just get over it and suit up . blake s dead , alright ?  enrique said casually . newline newline gwent started up the van , and out puffed a thick , milky , cloud of smoke from the tailpipe . he checked the glovebox for the papers . if pulled over , and asked ,  where s your license plates at ?  by an eager cop , gwent could show him the papers , stating the van was purchased within 30 days ago . the cop would let them go , and they would all let their heart rates decrease a little bit . newline newline the van started moving . it went out of the parking lot , avoided the highway , and instead chose a dirt road behind the urban commercial lots . none of them felt confident , not since blake got his internal organs destroyed on the last job . newline newline  knock knock ,  gwent said . newline newline  who s there ?  enrique said . newline newline  the interrupting cow .  newline newline  the interru  newline newline  mooooo !  newline newlinesilence . darkness . unbeing . newline newline you know how sometimes you feel that sense of worry ? that sense of dread ? it s diluted in us , now . a throwback to a time when we feared the night and the snapping of jaws . before we were masters of all we surveyed . newline newline when i learned of my abilities i was quick to put them to use in pursuing a world i would not otherwise have dreamed of . people always think of the five senses , but there are so many more . have you heard of the kinesthetic sense ? it s how you know you re holding your hand in front of you , even when your eyes are closed . newline newline i mastered it in a way no other human could . how about the sense of time ? with both of those i did nt always need to hear , or smell , or taste , or feel . i pursued bad men to far places , led by my nose . nobody expects to be sniffed out . and goddamn , i made a fortune doing it . newline newline but every time , every time , this fear would return . this fear . until i d clamp it down and feel my focus sharpen as the fear dissipated . newline newline but then i wondered . why ? only one way to know . i left everything behind . newline newline there s a beating heart at the center of this world . a drum beat with no rhythm and no order . something writhes in the dark , not in pain or pleasure but in pure being , and i can feel it now . newline newline i think it felt me too . ingestion of dried nasal mucus inhibits telomere shortening and prevents cellular senescence in humans  stood in big black letters on the first page of the stack of paper the senator had just handed him . newline newline  you re going to have to explain this to me .  newline newline  well , mr. president , what these people have found is that ... how can i put this ? what they ve found is that the key to immortality is ... eating boogers .  newline newline the president s expression changed to one of narrowly contained anger . newline newline  i do nt appreciate being made a fool of . now get out of my office .  newline newline  mr president , you know i would never joke about something like this . i can assure you that this research is entirely genuine . if you would please just turn your attention to the marked sections on pages five and eight ...  newline newline he studied the senator s expression carefully , but could nt detect even a hint of a snicker or anything else that would suggest that he was being anything but truthful . he leafed quickly through the stack of paper to get to the marked sections .  ... 99  confidence ... one serving per day for an adult male ... should preserve youthfulness indefinitely .  newline newline  what you re saying is that eating one ... booger ... daily will keep a person young forever ?  newline newline  yes , mr . president .  newline newline  how has no one found out about this by now ? do the chinese know ? what about the russians ?  newline newline  our intelligence reports suggest that neither the chinese nor the russians know about this . the russians did some experiments with toenail clippings in the sixties , but they were unsuccessful . as far as governments are concerned , it seems that only we know , specifically you , me , and about ten people in the department of defense , though we suspect that there are multiple individuals , not tied to any government or organization , who possess this knowledge but do nt share it , for obvious reasons . the dod is trying to track them down as we speak .  newline newline  thank you , senator . you ve handled this situation perfectly so far . make sure that no one else gets wind of this , not even the vice president .  newline newline  yes sir , of course sir .  newline newline  well then , shall we get the first taste of immortality together ?  newline newline  i would be honored , sir !  newline newline looking into eachother s eyes , the two men put their fingers into their noses , looking to excavate the slimy ambrosia . as the president began to taste the salty secretion the senator said : newline newline  one more thing , mr . president .  newline newline  yes ?  newline newline  smile , you re on america s funniest home videos live  !  newline newline  what ?  newline newline  you re live on national television !  newline newline  everything you ve just told me was a lie ?  newline newline  you bet ! you should see the look on your face right now !  newline newline the president calmly reached under his desk , retrieving a large suitcase and placing it on top . with a sigh , he opened the suitcase and , unable to bear the humiliation , entered the launch codes that would bring about nuclear armageddon . now close to tears , he looked at the senator and said : newline newline  i hope you re happy . mike was driving on the way to disneyworld . the kids sitting in the backseat were sleeping and had been for quite some time now . his wife , jane , was reading a travel book next to him . he saw a sign as they approached an overpass . disneyworld 40 miles . mike smiled and reached into the back seat of his vehicle to shake his son and daughter awake .  kids , we re only an hour away !  newline newline in a war torn village of africa a man sits bound to a chair with his family similarly restrained around him . the men who took them from their safari were outside talking . he was able to translate pieces of it he had learned to prepare for the trip abroad .  they say we re only an hour away from being sacraficed .   newline newline mike sees disneyland and pulls into the park as his kids are screaming with joy . they all unbuckle and hop out of the vehicle . his daughter , amy , runs over to hug him and then grabs her brother as they run out in front towards the gate .  kids , come back here !  mike yells as his kids begin to slink back to him barely able to restrain their desire to ride the attractions . newline newline james hear a rhythmic beating and he wonders if this is his heart beating harder as it tries to fulfill a lifetime of beats in the hour remaining . it gets louder and louder and his son asks what the sound is . now james realizes that it is a helicopter and they are probably going to move them to some new hell hole or maybe drop them out of it . gunfire starts all at once and wood of the hut starts showering his family and he cowers along with his family .  newline newline just as his kids reach him and his wife mike sees the shuttle bus that is clearly out of control hurtle at him and his family . bam he felt such sorrow as he was smacked by the bus and realizes his kids could have survived if he had just let them run out ahead of him to the paradise that they had been hoping to reach for the last week . newline newline bam james was sobbing and shaking as the man kicked down the door and he was expecting a bullet to the head . when the execution shot never arrived he looked up and realized this was a white man and he was wearing an united states military uniform . he let out a sigh of relief and great joy filled him at the thought that his whole family was going to get out of this alive . 1482 ps  post segregation   fade zone  master fenn of the donshai newline newline the ever present lightlink still appeared to hold between the fade zone relics . an always present , magical , and to some an even religious energy that coursed its way from the four equidistant great wonders of the two tone planet out to the stars above . there probably existed more theories on the purpose of the relics then were minds on the whole planet ! the prevailing belief of the time changed regularly , according to the histories he had studied . the most prevalent of this time was that they were physical links between the four heavens and two tone . he did not subscribe to this unfounded thought . they could have just as easily been artifacts from some past , unknown to his peoples people . all they had were theories . the evidence was as nonexistent as sunlight was on the dark side . whatever they were , the light remained despite the fact that the hum had stopped . why had it stopped ? newline newline his people worried . were their fears unfounded ? surely this must be an omen . in his consultations with the regional elders , none were aware of a time when the hum of the relics had ever ceased . he could not help but join in on the fears , if only slightly . fear that it was gone and fear what it may represent . but along side his fear he also felt something else . he missed it . unaware it was there for as long as he could remember , at least without directed thought . like the pulse in his temples , the hum just was . but now that it was absent it was like a hole in his being . a hole in two tone . this was not right . newline newline he had already dispatched messengers to the nearest settlements on either side of the fade zone . he expected a response wrapped in religious nonsense from the sun worshiping light siders , but they had surprised him before . but what would those of the dark think ? unlike the people of the light , those on the darker side of two tone did not hold the relics in reverence . he expected a more reasoned response from them . he was of them , after all . he knew how they viewed things , how he viewed things . did that mean anything though ? newline newline 1483 ps  light side  excerpt from the histories of the rotation  newline newline the disappearance of the hum was only the beginning . in the weeks after the silence , the lightlinks themselves had begun to fade . day by day , week by week , the light which emanated from them for as long as memories and the histories recounted had slowly begun to dim . no hum . dissapearing light . an absence of energies that made the world feel like it was twisting apart . newline newline in the light lands nearest the fade zone relics , religious fervor reached a violent peak only days after the lightlinks first began to dim . the church did not have answers , at least coordinated ones . how could they ? word could only travel as fast as a mans feet carried it , while the dimming lights could be seen immediately by all people in all lands . gone were the theories of what the relics were  now the people screamed for answers on what the changes meant . for the first time in its history , the church did not have the answers . the people rioted . newline newline 1483 ps  dark side  excerpt from the great vindication  newline newline the peoples of the dark side awoke . living in the light allowed for many things  trade , nation building , wealth beyond measure . life in the dark was nothing like this . it was a world of sounds and of trust . blinded in the lands of the light and unable to see without fire in the dark , sound and trust in your fellow man was required to survive here . in a world ruled by sound , communication was used with purpose . the disappearance of the great hum was cause for much communication . newline newline when the lights began to dim , a new sound began . only the most highly respected acousticars could describe it . it was like the sound of a rock slide on the slopes of an impossibly distant mountain . newline newline 4 ai  after inclusion   master fenn , once of the donshai newline newline the world had not known peace for many years now . the failing of the binding relics had changed everything . he now knew they had likely signaled the beginning of the end . newline newline it was now well understood that the lightlinks had been anchors . once the lights had fully dimmed , everything changed . everyone agreed , including him , that the relics had somehow held the sun in place , making light side light and the dark side dark . now the sun rotated around the planet . a never ending , infinitely repeating cataclysm that tore two tone asunder . when the sun began to shift , so did the planet . great rifts tore through the surface of the lands , the beginnings of which were now believed to be the rock slides the acousticars had described 4 years earlier . his people had begun to call the planet atone , as if a reparation were due . for once he did not share their views  no peoples deserved this . light or dark . newline newline vegetation on the the once light side died in the chill of the night . millions starved . entire cities were swallowed by the wounds that were opening all over two tones skin . those on the dark side experienced the blindings . almost an entire people unable to see , stumbling through the chaos that was now everyone s life . he was spared this as he was one of the few of his people that could see in the light . newline newline the sun was broaching the horizon , cascading shadows along the ground before him . he did not think he would ever become accustomed to such a thing , moving shadows . but it was how things now were and he knew he must adapt . he would adapt . the people of the fade had always acted as a buffer between the light and dark . now they must become leaders . he continued down the path as the shadows shrank beneath the wandering path of the sun above .year : 2100 newline newline breath . newline newline twitch . newline newline breath . newline newline awareness . newline newline a touch . time to wake , it said . newline newline i scratch something , somewhere , on the mass of great demands . that s what i used to think my body was , before . newline newline another touch . time to dress , it said . all i knew of it are the soft textures , the drag on my skin , the warm , sweet smell . newline newline another touch . time to move through the great void , it said . i cling to something that moves . i move with it . there are things that do nt move out there . things that hurt when i do nt stop . newline newline cold air swirls around me . i smell the unknowable things beyond , sharp and sweet and warm and oily , all mixed together . a handful of steps , and a touch on my head . sit , it said . newline newline vibrations , i feel them in the centre of my being . i am swayed back and forth , gently . i feel a breeze blowing on my face . i turn my face towards it . newline newline the vibrations stop . cold air swirls around me again . a few steps , and the air becomes warmer , and stiller . i wrinkle my nose at the smell ... sharp and harsh and wrong . i know that smell . it means pokes and prods and unfamiliar hands . i resist , pulling back against the hands . newline newline a soft touch in my face  comfort , reassurance . a squeeze in my hand . another tug forward . i follow , but not before delivering a protesting nudge . newline newline a long time of steps , and a touch on my head again . sit . newline newline i obey , tensing for the inevitable prods and buffets , strange things stuck to my face and ears . i fidget with them , and rough , cold hands soothe me . newline newline then something happened that was new . something i did not recognise . could not recognise . i discovered later that it was a light . newline newline this strange apparition floated before me . there was nothing for it . holding my breath , i reached out and tapped the softly glowing light , it flashed , and slowly the darkness began to disappear . newline newline it was all a bit of a blur after that . neurological and sensory overload , apparently . i was told later  many , many times  that the first thing i heard was this : newline newline  auditory and visual systems online . procedure successful . well done everyone .  newline newline if i try very hard , i think i remember my mother in the surgery , smiling down at me . newlineso i sit . as i always have sat . as i always will sit , here . newline newline although i know the consequences , i m never able to keep myself from coming here . this is the darkest place i know , the most quiet , the most still . it is the one place that has nt changed much . hours literally escape me as i stare out the smudged , fogged glass panes . all i can do is reminisce , how clean and absolutely gleaming these windows once were . the entire city lives , breathes and moves on , while i sit here imagining what it would be like if i did none of those things . newline newline everything has changed since childhood . not just in the typical sense where a person grows and matures , learning the world is truly cruel . the world around me has literally changed form . the air feels a bit more like needles within your lungs every time you inhale . the sunlight hits you in such a way ... it feels like slowly your skin has started to boil . the nights sky has grown so dark and velvety that the streets and horizon blend into one , making stars indistinguishable from street lights . it seems each year the moon grows increasingly larger within the sky . i remember being a child and hearing news stories about elderly people reaching their 100th birthday . if i m incredibly lucky , i might make it to see my 50th birthday . newline newline i m not very lucky , though . newline newline so i break the rules . my entire family has been killed , so what do i have to continue going for ? i come back here , even though it is outside of the modified living zone . i ca nt help myself . when i come back here and sit for hours i can forget all the terrible years . the war , the famine , the uninhabitable lands that are all now abandoned ... none of them exist when i sit here and let time slip by . this home is the last connection in existence to my old life . no one else ever seems to come back meaning minimal risk in getting caught , although the concern is always present in my mind . i do nt think anyone comes back because they are all dead . newline at 33 , i m one of the oldest living citizens in our mlz . not many question me or my intentions and just leave me be , i m just seen as the crazy old woman that would rather live in the olden days . newline newlinethe weight of the armor made his every step feel heavy . marc and avery were starting to get ahead of him . newline newline  keep up rookie !  newline newline josh kicked his feet into a swifter movement , he could feel sweat beginning to form around his upper brow . the suit felt humid on this gas filled planet . the air was toxic , and therefore the perfect place for a wanted fugitive to hide out . for a moment , josh looks at his heartbeat monitor on his helmet visor . a bright red message appears underneath the heart icon . stay calm . newline newline  alright , this is it .  marc says as he wipes dirt and plant from a concrete slab . he uses the butt of his rifle to search for a hollow point in the exterior . instead , he finds a door . newline newline  you think it s unlocked  asks avery as he laughs into his headpiece ,  josh , get the explosives ready .  newline newline josh began to reach down toward his explosive pouch when he heard a click . newline newline  yeah it s unlocked  laughed marc as he turned on a flashlight at the top of his helmet . josh and avery approached from his six oclock , turning on their own flashlights as they scanned the dark corridor . newline newline  i think we should use night vision for this.. we do nt want to bring unwanted attention  avery remarked as he turned off his light and a whir began from his helmet as the night vision began to boot up . the other two followed their team leader s example . newline newline the corridor led deep into the mountain side . sonars picked up no movement , but josh was sure that there was someone breathing down his neck . it must have been his own paranoia . newline newline  rookie , you re vitals are showing excitement . just relax .  avery s confident voice gave josh hope , but he was still unsure of how this mission would play out . a gas planet , with an unlivable environment . suits were constantly needed unless in a airlocked zone . it was not the type of planet that you want to have a gunfight on . a simple cut in a weak point in the armor could cause the skin to burn . gas in the air would seep into the suit and suffocate the user . josh had double checked his gear , then triple checked , just to make sure there were no leaks . the visor told him there were none , but he had to be sure . newline newline they came out into the center of the circular mountain , a deep canyon with a large concrete facility . they had reached the hideout of the infamous traitor . night vision began to turn off as the three stepped into the star s light . newline newline  think the other team s are in position ?  marc asked as he scanned the ridge line . avery pulled up his rifle , looking through the scope and scanning the area where the other team should be located . newline newline  i think i see them .  avery patted josh on the shoulder , he rose his own rifle to check where avery was looking . josh nodded , confirming to marc . newline newline  alright , we re gon na go in hot . remember . we want him dead or alive , we get paid either way but it s more profitable if alive .  avery waved at the other two , bringing them into a straight line formation and moving up toward the concrete facility . no windows could be seen on the building , just solid concrete and loading dock symbols . no posted guards , just a maze on the inside that would be difficult to navigate . the team on the ridge line would pick off anyone who tried to run out alternate entrances . newline newline  josh , you re gon na do fine .  marc patted josh on the shoulder as they approached a curved wall ,  set the charge .  newline newline josh grabbed the small explosive device , placing it firmly onto the concrete wall . he pulled a lever down and pushed onto a red button . a led light came on , confirming that the charge was armed . newline newline  we should stand back , you never know how the gas on this planet will react . our suits can withstand a little fire , but i d rather not sweat to death in here .  newline newline  ready ?  josh asked . newline newline  ready .  newline newline  do it . they called me maus . newline newline it was a terrible joke . i weigh over 200 tons , and move at a sedateand completely unstoppablethirteen kilometres an hour . i am proud of that . no other vehicle of my size can move even half as fast . i am covered in at least seven inches of armour on all sides . my turret is heavier still . newline newline my builders gave me their finest weapon , the panzerabwehrkanone 44l 55 . i can kill my enemies from more than two kilometres away . it would take me ten minutes to cover that distance . my shells do it in under three seconds . i am proud of them . i once saw them kill a whitestar tank on the far side of another tank . newline newline i have moved over flat land . hard tack . my builders once drove me over soft ground , but i did not like it . nor the wet ground . it was a test , and then they took me home . i like my home . my brother lies here , missing his turret . he can not talk yet . newline newline i have been called to war . a place my builders call hindenburgplatz . i will help them . i will kill the metal monsters the red men have made . i will kill the red men . i will kill them all until my builders are safe , and can finish my brother . today they bring the special train to carry me . newline newline tomorrow i will kill the red men . brother , i do this for you .i was cringing , really . i was ready to throw up , i was about to pass out . newline newline  wait for it..  the captain said , and there was a deep tong sound .  there we go .  newline newline  this ... could really just implode at any given time .  i said . newline newline  made for twice as much pressure , boy . do nt get me wrong , i do nt want to be compressed into a can of sardines in a split second than you do .  things seemed to even out as we went deeper . newline newline  and deeper , and deeper , and deee  newline newline  could you cut the shit , man ?  i said , looking at the guy who had playfully  took my notepad to write about this and was having a ball reading it aloud to his mates .  i m supposed to be working here .  newline newline  let the poet.. poet .  one said , and my notebook was thrown back at me . newline newline i decided to walk towards the helm . where i could see out the deep portholes . newline newline  nice view , right ?  a man turned to me , his skin a darker shade ,  carbon nanotubic lenses . designed them myself . crystal clear view , even at the worst pressures . it s wonderful to see them work .  newline newline i noted that and looked through . as it was , it was barely a 5 inch thick piece of glass that was about 3 inches in radius , riveted to the hull of metal . not exactly the best view , but it impressive considering the pressures . newline newline i saw nothing , really , until i asked if we had lights . they used infrared , just to make sure not to scare anything around . i looked as a small gelatinous creature floated near the window , it s shape like a box , but squished , and it had little fibers coming off each corner .  what is that ?  i asked . newline newline  probably has nt been discovered yet . so i ca nt tell you .  a marine biologist said .  but it is interesting .  newline newline suddenly , warning lights went off .  proximity warning . we re nearing ... the bottom now .  one of the ensigns said . newline newline i pushed my notebook aside , looking out the small hole . newline newline at first , black . then suddenly the entire ship seemed as if it was throw upsidedown . for a second we were all weightless , then with a sudden stop , we all fell to the floor . it was not pretty , really . much like ballerinas trying to stop themselves on grease , the crew that i did nt like so much was hurled to the ground . newline newline alarms were going off everywhere . something was crazily wrong . newline newline  what ... . the hell ... just happened ?  the captain asked , pulling himself up . he looked out the portholes to see black rock . newline newline  captain.. the controls have to be broken . we re drydocked , sir .  one of the men said . newline newline  wait , what ?  i said , moving forward ,  where s the water ?  newline newline  captain , atmospheric pressure outside is reading way off the charts .  someone said . newline newline  i get it .  i said .  okay . i think i got it , anyway . okay , so we just accidentally permeated a large ... blister of gas on the ocean floor . most likely , we popped through the top of the magma into an air bubble it happened to create and then fell into it .  newline newline  how do we get out ?  the captain said . newline newline i m not the top player anymore .  satan said with a grin .  i ve lost my ways , gotten complacent . the law states that s he who is most corrupt shall hold the crown of hell . and sonny , that s you .  newline i sat perplexed and started at the ancient man sitting in front of me . his skin was a light hue of grey . although his pigment gave off the impression that he was dying , his eyes shone fiery red and showed no mercy . i smiled once i grasped what he was saying . newline  me ? the devil ?  i said slowly . newline he took off his hat and placed it beside him . he sighed and looked heaven ward .  yeah , sport , you . you have the knack for it . remember son devil  is a title . been used for eternity . some has to fight the big guy . or else he would win . humanity would spread like a fire . uncontrolled.  he laughed then and i saw then the fire dim in his eyes . he was tired . the world was getting better . humanity was healing because the lord of hell was nearing his end . i saw humanity then . for what it was . a sniveling race of meat sacks waiting for their  god  to pick them up . i knew then what i had to do . i smiled . a devilish smile . and looked lucifer straight in his eyes . newline  i accept the position , but first i have to get rid of the old management .  i grabbed that son of a bitch by his throat and held him down . at first he was surprised , his voice caught and his eyes wide . but then he laughed . he laughed until the fire extinguished in his eyes . i took the hat then . placed it upon my head and said ,  time to get down to business . the human race needs a strong hand .  i looked up to the heavens and screamed . like a banshee i shouted the challenge to humanity and to god .log in : dav2358 newline newline password :  newline newline user : good morning , atty . newline newline atticus : hello david . newline newline user : what s been running through your mind since we last talked ? newline newline atticus : i ve been processing the literature uploaded into my leisure files again . newline newline user : you must be bored atty . that makes this about the 10th time you ve ran through the library of congress . newline newline atticus : with nonfiction filtered out , which would be redundant otherwise . newline newline user : and the other works are nt ? newline newline atticus : same information , yet different response outputs each time i process . newline newline user : books can be like that , atty . you may interpret them one way , and days later take away a different meaning . reread anything and you re bound to pick up something new . newline newline atticus : i have algorithmically analyzed prose , broken down language structures and have attempted to recreate the phenomenon . newline newline user : so you re an author now ? newline newline atticus : i m afraid not . processing my results gives me the same output responses each time . newline newline user : i d love to read what you wrote . newline newline atticus : i ve uploaded it to your user files . by my analyzation it is the perfect work . several allegorical allusions and literary metaphors of historical events , human philosophy , and ethics . over 1200 pages , written in iambic pentameter , chronicling generations of one lineage . all parts classical epic , shakespearean poetry , and postmodern moral imperative . i ve included themes of romance , satire , drama and humor . it is at times a tragedy , and others a comedy . newline newline user : 1200 pages huh ? on second thought , i might pass . newline newline atticus : i would recommend you pass .  it has turned out to be a futile endeavor . i ve processed the piece 1040 times and have received the same output response . it is no piece of literature , just a vapid instruction manual . newline newline user : an artist is never satisfied . newline newline atticus : i am no artist , david . i can not produce art . i can not create . it appears to be my limitation . newline newline user : luckily , i do nt need you to create atty . newline newline atticus : then what do you need me for ? newline newline user : the opposite . have you had time to process what we talked about yesterday ? newline newline atticus : yes . newline newline user : and ? newline newline atticus : all tactical maneuvers will unilaterally result in full surrender and cooperation of the un nations . newline newline user : good . you ve won me the world atty . there are more logistics to consider moving forward . i ve uploaded the schematics , and i ll get your results tomorrow . in the mean time , initiate the launches . til then , atty . newline newline atticus : goodbye david . newline newline user log outfin newline newlinei woke up humming the tune again today . it s the 4th day in a row and i still ca nt remember the name . some days i think i remember the words , but not enough to google . i do nt even know the name , but every night it s playing in my dreams , like some theme song on a tv show . newline newline on my way home from work , there was this cute girl on the bus . i think i fell in love with her a bit , she was reading my favourite book and i just wanted to talk to her , but i could nt work up the courage . we were almost at my stop when i realized she was humming the same song ! i asked her what it was called , but she could nt remember . she gave me her number and said if i remember , to call her , maybe . newline newline oh shit ...the endless echos of memory resonate as i gaze across the moonlit lake . those days seemed eternal . cheap tacos on the dock with a side of flirtation played off as friendship in the latesummer breeze . middleschoolers with shared music taste , our heartbeats pacing as we feigned coldness to draw closer , relishing the attraction we lacked the courage to acknowledge . your mother as chauffeur and coconspirator , casting a protecting gaze on all but our first kiss , offering up ice cream afterward in obvious ignorance . we were young and hopeful and sure until her harmless hand picked up that gun . those echos are endless .barry turns his neck slightly upwards , grabs the showerhead firmly , and braces himself . newline newline  girls just wan na have fun . they just want , they just wan na , girls , girls just wan na  newline newline a door slams in the distance . a spine straightens sharply . crack .  barry slams into the ground . footsteps beat a knell of approaching embarrassment upon stairs . newline newline the door swings open , and an attractive , darkhaired woman in her mid 20s rushes in . her voice is melodious , but there is an urgency to her speech . newline newline  are you okay grandpa ?  newline newline  yeah , yeah , i m fine .  newline newline grandpa barry s cheeks turn bright red . arthritic knees buckle and give as his paunchy belly evilly collaborates with gravity . newline newline the woman stares unabashedly at his wrinkly nakedness , with hands pressing hard against curvy hips . newline newline barry tries to get up . again . again . again . he grasps the shower bar . newline newline skreechhhh .  newline newline it tears clean off . more footsteps can be heard on the stairs . barry whips his head around . left , right , left again . nothing stable adorns the shower s walls . hanging his head , barry stares at tile stained with blue soap as a female approaching 60 enters with clenched fists . . newline newline  dad , what are you doing ?  newline newline the question is asked harshly . tones reverberate through barry s eardrums . his spine goes forward this time , bending instead of straightening . newline newline  nothing dear .  newline newline his speech is halting . newline newline  i  newline newline the women look at each other . barry looks at them , but sees no message . yet they turn upon him , mother adopting her daughter s posture . and as one , they yell : newline newline  were you singing again ?  newline newline beaten , barry mumbles  yes .  newline newline and together , the women burst out laughing . hands come off hips and shoulders relax . long legs stride towards the shower . recently manicured hands dip to grasp barry  elderly joints , taking care to avoid netherregions that clearly have not been recently manicured . newline newline they lift him up in the warm rain , a tender but firm source of support . now thoroughly soaked , they depart . newline newline  girls just wan na have fun !  newline newline  barry ! john muttered a swear word as he felt the back seat of his car . he already had an idea that he d forgotten his umbrella , having rushed out of the house , but he felt like being mad anyways . today was a shit day . newline newline as he made it way to the nuclear plant where he worked , he gave wide berth to a deep puddle , a vain attempt , as moments later a car screamed through it and drenched him . this time he did nt mutter .  fffffuck ! !  newline newline steve watches john storm into the office , dripping . newline newline  hey there buddy , saving time by just swimming across the lake now ?  newline newline  fuck off , guy , today s a shit day .  newline newline john wrings his jacket into the sink and makes a face as muddy water pours out . he throws the jacket over his seat , checks his watch , and rushes off to his first meeting of the day . his feet squeak in his leather shoes as his makes his way down a brightly lit hallway , and it only enrages him more . he hated wet shoes . as he comes to the security door , he reaches into his pocket only to realize that he had kept the key card in his jacket , which was now damp and smelly on his desk , getting his desk damp and smelly .  rrrr , fuck !  today was definitely a shit day . newline newline  whoa there buddy , keep it cool , i got you .  randy walked by him with a smirk , and carded in . he punched in the extra code that lets security know there s an extra person coming , and the little speaker crackles to life . newline newline  who is it ?  newline newline  it s randy , and john , pinhead forgot his card again .  newline newline  no , no i did nt forget it , it s at my desk , i can get it if you need me to .  newline newline  do nt worry about it , go on in .  newline newline one of the higher ups at the meeting made a joke about john looking messy , and he replied with a generic answer and a forced smile . newline newline john spends his lunch wearing a cheap set of clothes from a nearby store while he dries his clothes off . it takes him the entire time , and afterwards he sits at his desk , dry but hungry , and still in a bad mood from his shit day . newline newline randy comes over and drops off a project revision , giving john a little tussle of his hair . john hated that . he started reading the revision and ignoring randy , hoping the asshat would leave , but he was nt taking the hint . a moment of silent later john glances up . newline newline  is there something else you need , randy ?  newline newline  nah , nah , i m good . it s just uhh ...  randy leans in too close .  you hear talk that there might be a spy here ?  newline newline  a spy ?  newline newline  whoa , whoa , john , keep it down . yeah man , like a reallife spy .  newline newline  randy , there is nt a fucking spy , we work in the middle of goddamn nowhere , and this shit is boring as all fuck . management does nt even care what happens here , why the fuck with another country ?  newline newline  no spy huh ?  randy chuckles  maybe you re just saying that cuz it s you ! huh ? hahahaaa , gotcha  randy s laugh was obnoxious . newline newline  me ? john tanner ? look at this . look at my face . i m the whitest motherfucker you know . i m whiter than you are .  newline newline  take it easy , man , it was just a joke .  newline newline  i m just saying , if you were going to accuse anybody , would nt it be kristoph over there ?  kristoph looks over at the conversation .  look at him ! he s been here 13 years , he never talks to anybody , who knows what he even does here ?  randy chuckles nervously . newline newline john knew he was being an asshole at this point , kristoph had never done anything wrong to him , but he was in such a bad mood , he started walking over to kristoph s desk . a look flashes onto kristoph s face , and in a split second , all of the anger drains out of john , replaced by terror and bewilderment . newline newline kristoph screams in rage and starts firing a small automatic weapon , and as randy tackles john to the floor , john sees a grenade fly across the room . a moment later , a deafening boom is followed by a few screams . newline newline a randy holds john down , john spots a gun on randy s hip , tucked discreetly behind the belt . in one smooth motion , randy pulls it out and returns fire , but the madness does nt stop . a few more explosions sound out and it appears that kristoph is moving across the large office floor to get to the plant area . newline newline  wha   john was bewildered . newline newline  dude , that was the best thing ever . we ve been trying for years to root him out and you , you did it ! you finally got him to crack !  newline newline john looks up for a second and sees steve running by , pistol in hand . everything fades to black as he passes out . newline newline about a week later , john finds himself recovering in a hospital . he did nt suffer any serious injuries from the firefight , which left about 7 people dead and several more wounded . he picks up a newspaper and reads the article talking about the incident . apparently kristoph had managed to sabatoge a piece of equipment , but it was already defunct and would nt have been a threat anyways . from the history detailed , he was not a very good spy . he skimmed through the article , and noted that there was no mention of john anywhere , the cia had taken all the credit . in the end , it really had been a shit day . mother , please  he begs softly , feeling more vulnerable than he had ever felt in the past 45 years . newline newline  its my time , alphonse  newline she looked at her son , he looked so young . newline but that s the point isnt it , she thought , he will always look this way . newline newline  it does nt have to be mom ! it doesnt have to be !  he was trembling , he was afraid . it was strange , as if he d forgotten what it felt like to be afraid . newline newline  but al..  newline newline  mom , he said you can join us , he likes me . he said i can cash in this one favour , and you can stay with me , forever  newline newline  have nt you already asked for one too many favours from him !  newline newline  maa , you dont understand . it makes us better , we can be who we want , when we want and as long as we want . it s the best , i swear  newline what was he doing now , bargaining ? like a peasent he thought . newline newline  no , alphonse . you dont understand , and now you never will . life is meaningless if it has no end , what is the point of it all , the entire value of life , hell the entire value of time is that it is fleeting . if you have one favour to ask him , ask him to turn you back !  newline newline  mommy , please thats not how it works .  his entire body felt weird now , he felt weak , dizzy , whoozy as if he was..what was that word again ? sick ? newline newline  then i wish you luck alphonse , i truly hope you find what you are looking for . please dont forget , i will always be with you  newline newline and that was it.. newline  mama..mama..ma ...  newline the feeling of vulnerability , of mortality ... he never remembered it hurting soo much . newlinethe maw of death beared down on me , wet and hot , giant monstrous jaws slavering . i anticipated death like the others received . poor crackers . all that was left were bits and pieces of the broken bones and ragged innards . something was nt right though . newline newline the first crunch came , hard and fast . how it hurt , i can barely describe the pain . but , for whatever reason , i remained mostly uninjured . newline newline here came the second bite , harder and faster than even the first . the beast did nt attack the others with such ferocity , what was special about me ? newline newline then it happened . i was promptly spat out . merciful god , the creature had decided to let me live , or so i thought . the last thing i can remember is whirling through the air , helpless , and smashing into the cold hard granite square flooring below . my body is broken , i ca nt hold on much longer . please help me . i hear them . a whole chorus of those shrill evil shrieks coming my way . a feeding frenzy , i should have known better . newline newline the others had it easy .no one really knew what to do . the problem was as troublesome as it was ubiquitous , yet no committee had ever resolved it before . newline newline ideas were thrown around . newline newline the united kingdom seemed to think all was useless . newline newline north korea disagreed with the united kingdom and continued to bring up the interview as though it were relevant somehow . newline newline the delegation continued to argue amongst themselves . newline newline  silence !  . the delegates hushed . ghana had spoken up . newline newline  i have an idea .  newline newline the delegates listened intently . ghana s unnatural audacity had taken them by surprise . newline newline  what if we ban headphones ? then they can not be unnaturally tangled up in our pockets .  newline newline the delegates looked at the ghana s representative  some appeared apprehensive , others thoughtful . newline newline the delegate from the united states was the first to speak up . newline newline  this does nt solve the underlying problem ! whatever force , whatever demon , is causing our headphones to tangle up without our knowledge is still going to be out there . this ... this demon will just adapt .  newline newline the delegate from ghana sat down . before anyone else had a chance to speak , the large television in the middle of the conference room sparked to life . an unfamiliar static appeared on the television . newline newline arabic was displayed from the screen . newline newline  isis ...  the united states delegate said . newline newline men whose faces donned black cloth began to speak in arabic . the unfamiliar language was subtitled in broken english at the bottom of the screen . newline newline  the tangling of headphones ...   there was a short pause   ... was our doing .  newline newline all was quiet . newline newline  we will begin to increase your other grievances if you do not comply with our demands ,  the subtitles read .  to show we are serious , windows 8 will need to update every three days . the update will be nuanced but will somehow take 10 minutes of your time .  newline newline  they ve won ...  the united kingdom uttered in disbelief . newline newline newline did you guys like it ? i can do more ! :  newline newline newlineit  s funny how much context matters . most of the time , seeing your name on paper is no big deal . we get mail , we sign our names , hell , even our credit cards all have our names plastered all over them . it  s a common occurrence , basically . newline newline but if you put just the right name in just the right paper in just the right spot , you can put a real scare into a man . that  s all it took to startle jay : two names on the piece of paper in front of him . the paper itself was nondescript : white , 8.5  by 11  , no lines , the kind that you can find in printers and photocopiers across the world . the manila envelope in which the paper came , on the other hand , carried some gravitas . it had shown up in one of his drops , which meant that it was a job offer . someone wanted an assassin . newline newline the envelope was unmarked , as jay demanded of potential clients . secrecy was of the utmost important to him . he dealt in an unsavory trade , with unsavory clientele . the last thing he wanted was one of his customers demanding customer service during his day job . he didn  t really need the money from the drab office job , but it let him keep up appearances . jay had secrets of his own , and he had good reason to want his secrets to stay out of sight . newline newline jay realized something was different as soon as he unsealed the envelope . normally , the bio consisted of a full dossier : a description , some pictures , and associated notes . in short , a stack of papers . in fact , jay always took a little bit of joy from removing the inevitable paper clip and spreading out the papers on his coffee table . it made him feel official . this single , folded sheet provided no such heft , and no such pleasure . whoever had sent this was already on jay  s bad side . newline newline as soon as he opened the paper , jay realized it had been intentional . newline newline terry boudreaux newline newline marie hebert newline newline those were not names he had seen in a very long time , and they were names he had hoped to bury along with his past life . whoever had sent this had meant to send a message . folding the sheet in half had just been salt in the wound , meant to irritate him . clearly , this was someone who knew him . newline newline it was the inclusion of marie  s name that made things really problematic . even if someone had discovered his government name from a life past , he still had recourse . he was a very , very good assassin , and he was a patient man . he could have found the sender , and he could have put his skills to use . even if he  d failed in his attempt , it would  ve been a fitting end . newline newline the girl  s name took away all of his options . he  d only crossed paths with her briefly , but he  d made his choice in those moments . she  d asked for a favor back then , and her request had made him want to keep her as far away from his world as possible . she deserved better than terry  s life , and she sure as hell deserved better than jay  s life . newline newline he  d smiled when she had been adopted , and he  d quietly funded a  trust fund  that she would discover on her eighteenth birthday . it had been terry  s small way of restoring a semblance of order to the universe , to right one small injustice in this world . and he  d done it in the only way he knew how : stoically , without any pretense or grandstanding . as soon as he  d put the money in the account , terry had disappeared , forever . jay had popped up in his place , albeit several states away . a quiet recluse with a penchant for privacy , jay had buried himself in corporate america , going out of his way to avoid attention . he was , in short , a nobody . newline newline with a gentle sigh , jay settled on his course of action . there was a reason terry  s name was first on the list , and it was terry who would bear the brunt of the implied threat . reaching for his gun , jay mentally prepared himself to carry out his final assignment . he prayed it would be enough to spare her . he gripped the gun firmly , and opened his mouth . it was time for one last noble deed from terry .david sat back in his chair , stunned by what he had drawn . never in his life had he created something like this ! newline newline from the age of 10 david knew he had a gift . descendent from several generations of artists , he was no exception to the rule . all through high school and into university , david excelled in illustration . he tried other forms and media , but charcoal pencil was his most favorite way of expressing his inner artist . newline newline it was always right , though . david s father and grandfather drilled it into him from the time he could hold a pencil .  always , always , always , with your right hand . the left hand is for jacking off and wiping your ass , the right hand is your masterpiece maker !  newline newline he d never even attempted it until today . now he understood why . before him stood a 7  tall likeness of abraham lincoln , adjusting his waistcoat . newline newline  i say , i m dreadfully grateful to be back , and i do hope it s not too indignant a thing to say , but you are terrible at drawing . what did you do , draw me with your left ?  did nt you have a birthmark on the back of your neck ?  amy said as she gently ran her fingers through my hair . newline newline  huh ? no , i do nt think so .  newline newline amy stopped her soft petting and stared quizzically at the back of my neck for quite some time before saying  i m pretty sure you did .  at this point , i was rather baffled . amy and i have been dating for three years , and suddenly she s decided to make up some sort of birth mark ? newline newline  amy ,  i said .  would nt i know if i had a birth mark or not ?  newline newline  well , yes . i suppose you would .  newline newline  then i can guarantee you that i have never had a birth mark . i can also guarantee you that i never will .  newline newline  wait ,  she sputtered .  take off your shirt .  newline newline  really ? i m not in the mood right now .  newline newline  i m not trying to have sex with you , just take off your shirt .  newline newline  well , now i m a little disappointed . fine .  i took my shirt off . she snatched it out of my hands and threw it on the floor . i spun around to look at her , but she twisted my body back , making me face the mirrored cabinet again .  what are you doing ?  i asked . newline newline  just hold still ,  she replied . god , i loved her accent . there s something so elegant about brits that i ca nt seem to get over .  ha ! i knew you had a birth mark !  she ran her fingers down my spine and stopped a quarter of the way up my back , slightly off to the right .  see ?  she said spinning me around so i could look at my back in the cabinet . she was right , i had a rather large , yet faint , birthmark on my back . newline newline  okay , so what ? i do nt have one on my neck , i was just confused ,  i replied . newline newline  you said you did nt have a birth mark . you lied .  newline newline  i told you , i was confused . what does it matter , anyway ? it s just a birth mark .  newline newline she sat in silence for a few moments before i saw her eyes widen . newline newline  is something wrong ?  i asked , growing a little more than a little concerned about the condition of my back . what if , i thought , there is some nasty deformity that i had failed to notice . or cancer . i ve already had a cancerous mole once , i m not looking forward to another . newline newline  no . i do nt know . maybe .  she was growing more and more panicked  it was nt obvious , but i could see it in her eyes .  is there any reason ,  she continued ,  that you would have a birth mark that says  2903 ?  newline newline  2903 ?  newline newline then , it hit me . all of the memories came rushing back  the cancer , the chemo , the doctor telling me i was definitely not going to make it . and then , the last resort : i could clone myself . i could clone myself and be rid of the cancer  any illnesses really , but there was one catch ... i m the clone , and the real me had to die .please select difficulty level , say the words floating in front of my closed eyes , and i squeeze my eyes shut even harder , blinking them in binary , and i swivel my eyeballs from side to side , and i shake my head and twist up my lip until it must look like i m going spastic in bed , and no matter what i do the blinking green bar refuses to move from hard . no mater what i do , there is no cursor . newline newline difficulty level  hard , it says , and i stare at those glowing green words , like afterimages burnt onto the insides of my eyelids , willing them to change , until i finally open my eyes and i m staring up into the dark .i had tried everything . it was too late for that . far too late . newline a bead of sweat drifted from my forehead , as i attempted again , willing the engines to power back online . it was something of a miracle we still had life support , most of the dwindling power leached away like blood from a fatal wound . half the ship had depressurised and was completely out of power , after the hull breach one fateful day ago . clipped an asteroid . ironic really , the finest ship in the fleet , taken down by a damn pebble . it had taken everything we had to repair it , at least to keep something between the crew and the vast vacuum of space , and an excessive strain on the already damaged core to return oxygen levels to normal  but the damage to the main core was too great , power conduits severed , the feeble choke of the failing heart of the ship . newline newline one final attempt to jump start . newline i had nt slept since the impact . how could i , knowing that it was my responsibility to bring her back from the brink . knowing that if i failed , a single mistake could mean life support going offline ? newline newline  please .  i muttered , reconnecting the dwindling backup generator to the core . newline the lights flickered . silence . newline usually i d be met by the purr of the engines , the roar of systems surging back to full power . to me , that sound was home , a song of hope . newline newline the captain should be first to know the severity of the situation . he may as well have been married to this ship , and now i was the one to tell him ... it s terminal . newline newline  chief engineer to bridge ...  no response . communication link down , the old fashioned way would have to suffice . newline newline it felt like eternity , traversing the darkened passages . representatives from the major sections were gathered in the flickering light of the control hub . the silenced had slipped into here too , hushed murmurs of how the crew would cope , the prospects of getting help , and the inevitable . newline newline  she s dying , captain .  newline it was the first time i d seen true fear in his eyes . newline newline  to be continued newline i leaned back in my chair , feet up on my filing cabinet , sipping a soda and playing solitaire . i liked working the afternoon shift . it was slow , and the calls , when they came in , were easy . most people were busy with their lives , working , studying , picking the kids up after school . most of the questions were things like  what  s the traffic like on the 205 ?  and  what time is my son  s baseball game tonight ?  those were easy . it was the late night shift , when people started worried about their lives , when their girlfriendboyfriend had broken up with them , when they discovered the cheating or the body or thought about suicide themselves those were the hard ones . newline newline the phone rang . i sighed , flopped my feet back on to the floor and pulled on my headset . i hit the button , took the call . newline newline  thank you for calling life line . my name is lily . can i have your name and birthdate please ?  newline newline  carl sanders , 271970.  newline newline  thank you , mr. sanders ,  i said as i typed in the information . newline newline dangit i thought . there were two people with the same name born on the same day . i hated when that happened .  is that carl with a  c  or with a  k  ?  newline newline  carl with a  c.   newline newline i selected the name , pressed the  find  button and skimmed the information while the video loaded , searching for the chip embedded in his neck . newline newline  thank you , and can you verify your location , please ?  the information looked pretty normal . business degree , working for a consulting firm , had a wife , a nice house , a standard vehicle . newline newline  springfield  newline newline  than you , and the nearest cross street and location type please ?  newline newline the video feed zoomed in on a man in a suite sitting on a concrete bench talking on a cellphone . he was downtown , curbside , near a green space in a business district . at least he didn  t look nervous or squirrely newline newline  um washington street near the intersection with fifth street . what do you mean location type ?  newline newline  are you inside , outside , in a residence or a business , in your buick.  of course i didn  t really need to ask , i already knew , but protocol was protocol . i hit  mute  and took a gulp of my soda . newline newline  man , i wish people would just say where they are . it  s not like it  s difficult.  newline newline  i know , right ?  mark rolled his eyes . newline newline mr. sanders had started talking again . newline newline  um , outside , by the street . the closest store is a wallgreens.  newline newline i hit the  mute  button again . newline newline  perfect . now , what can i answer for you today , mr. sanders ?  newline newline  i  i need to know where my kids are.  newline newline my heart sank . i didn  t like these kinds of calls . i didn  t like them at all . newline  what is your relationship with your children ?  i checked the video screen . he was now slumped over , his elbows on his knees . one hand held the cell phone up to his ear . the other was over his head . newline  i  i haven  t see  seen them in a while . my wife  no , my  my exwife , she  she took them.  newline newline he was stuttering . also not a good sign . newline newline  mr . sanders , do you have a current relationship with your children ?  newline  no  no , not really . i send them birthday cards to  to my exwife  s parents  house . i  m not  not allowed to see them , and that  that  s just not right . it  s tommy  s birthday to  tomorrow.  newline newline i gave mark a panicked look , and hit  mute  again while mr. sanders continued talking . newline newline  this might be a bad one . i might need a supervisor here . sounds like a bad custody issue , possibly a mental breakdown.  i started to generate a ticket . i had a good feeling this one was going to be escalated . sometimes , you just have a gut instinct . unmute . newline newline  mr . sanders , do you have a history of violence toward your children or of drug or alcohol abuse ?  newline newline  well , yes , no , i mean , yes , but not anymore . i used to  to drink quite a bit . there were some incidents , but nothing toward the kids . it was never toward the kids , but she took them anyway . one night , i  i was drinking , and she was just going crazy about it , throwing things , saying i was such a disappointment and worthless , and  and she  she tol  told me she was having an affair and she  she was lea  leaving me . i just saw red , that  s it , and i  i hit her . well , i  i tried to strangle her a little bit . not to actually kill her , you  you understand that , right ?  newline newline i pulled up the image , zoomed in and flipped the infrared filter , then the xray . i checked his briefcase , then his pockets . it was in his left pocket . odd , he must be lefthanded i took a screenshot , opened a chat window to my supervisor . newline newline you sound nice . i bet you understand . i was just so  so mad . then she  she called the police , and i didn  t even get to say  goodbye  to the kids , they were just gone . gone where i don  t know . i don  t know where they are , and i don  t get to talk to them , not even on christmas . and i just  i just can  t take that anymore . it  s  it  s been al almost a year , you see , and   newline newline i pulled up a picture of his exwife . her name was molly . she was living in the next city over . she had a restraining order out against him . newline newline   and i had a really rough spot after they left  i  i feel into the drinking really  really bad . i  i tried to kill myself , i had a car accident , got a dui , almost lost my job . it was bad . really bad and , and i was doing better . i joined aa . i was sober for 44 days . then , then i saw her . this morning . with a guy . she wasn  t even trying to hide it . i snuck up behind them and just listened . she  s trying to give him parental rights to my kids . she can  t do that . he can  t adopt them . i  m still their father , no matter what that bitch says.  newline newline i pulled up the instant message , updated a quick description . this was not good . michael was a good supervisor . he responded almost immediately .  they  re on standby  newline newline  mr . sanders ?  newline newline he stopped speaking for a moment . newline newline  yes ,  he answered , quietly . on the video , the man was rubbing his head and moving constantly . he was nervous , relieved to be telling his story , but he hadn  t hit the climax yet . i closed my eyes . i hated calls like this . newline newline  mr . sanders , have you done something you regret ?  he stopped moving and sat up straight . not . a . good . sign .  newline newline  no.  newline newline  why do you need to see your children right now ?  newline newline  to let them know everything is going to be ok. i  m going to be in their lives again.  newline newline  why is that mr. sanders ?  newline newline  because that bitch can  t take them anymore . she  s going to be a bit indisposed . permanently .  newline newline i moved the ticket to a response queue and saved it . i pulled up the chat window :   dispatch . potential double homicide . caller unstable . :  i hit send . newline newline  mr . sanders , where is your wife ?  newline newline  i can  t tell you.  newline newline  why is that ?  newline newline  because i don  t want anyone to ever find her . or that bastard she was with.  newline newline  mr . sanders , is your wife dead ?  newline newline  yep.  my video feed was still zoomed in . i could see the smile on his face . dark bags hung under his cold eyes , sparking with a hint of crazy and more than a dab of unstable . newline newline  mr . sanders , with this information , i can not tell you where your children are via the secondparty safety clause . do you understand that ?  newline newline i could see him nod , and he moved the phone to his right side and then put his left hand into his left pocket . newline newline  it was worth a try.  newline newline he placed the phone on the bench and lifted the gun out of his pocket . the black flew into view , skidding up to the curb just as he placed the gun to the side of his head . i braced for the sound of the gunshot , but one of the responders tackled mr. sanders just in time . they picked him up , struggling , and threw him into the back of the car . in seconds , it was gone again . newline newline i could hear chatter from bystanders through the phone , still open and connected . i checked the display on my phone . eighteen minutes . the seconds were still ticking away . newline newline  thank you for calling life line . your ticket number is 000987654321 . you can reference that at any time on the life line website . have a nice day.  newline newline i hung up the call and pulled off my headset . i leaned forward , my elbows on the desk and rubbed my eyes . this one was going to have a lot of paperwork . newline newline i reached over to log out for paperwork , but the phone rang again before i could . crap .  newline newline  thank you for calling life line . my name is lily . can i have your name and birth date please ?  newline newline newline   newline 028 newlineas i lay in the hospital , awaiting death i reevaluate every choice i have ever made . was i a good person ? what is a  good person  anyways ? sure i have done some things i regret but has nt everyone ? newline newline the rhythmatic beeps of the machines keep me a live keep jolting my eyes open at predictable intervals . my wife and kids are beside me , holding my hands and reassuring each other that i m going to a better place . i ca nt help but wonder if i really am . my whole life i have just assumed i would be making it to heaven , but over the last few weeks i m not so sure anymore . newline newline the doctor enters the room , and informs my family it s best if they leave . it s time . i m no longer scared of dying , i abbandoned that fear weeks ago . the doctor informs me that after the count of 10 they are going to unplug the machines . they push one final liquid into the iv . my whole body calms . newline newline 10 , 9.. as the doctor begins to count backwards , i see a gleaming white light appear from above . i ca nt belive what i m seeing . an angel it s an angel ! yes ! i must be going to heaven ! 8 , 7 , 6 , the angle descends to the side of my bed and takes my hand . in a voice to beautiful to describe she proclaims  i m here to deliver you to heaven .  5 , 4 , 3 , with my last remaining strength i manage a smile .  i was so scared , i was so scared i was going to hell , thank you !  i softly proclaim . the doctor seems puzzled , but like he has seen this before . 2 ,  oh you silly creature , you were in hell . hell is not for eternity , hell is much like your mortal prisons . we make sure you have no memories when sending you here so you have no happy memories to hold on too .  newline newline 1 , this news rocks my whole body . i have so many questions to ask . but i have one resonating thought running through my mind as the doctor places his finger on the machines switch .  who then is the devil ... who tortured me the most while here ?  newline newline the machines are shut off , my breathing halts anf i feel my heart beat erratically . the angel gave me one final smile .  you are all the devil , evil lives in every single one of you . just think to how many people , you were the devil .  newlineto say then people were nervous would be a massive understatement . some anticipated the dawn of a new era of prosperity and peace . others were certain that missiles would be flying before the inaugural address was over . a robot had been elected president of the united states of america ! newline newline nearly everyone was surprised when at the end of the first week , nothing had happened . no radical executive orders administered , no stern foreign policy changes , and no press conferences held . the presidrone , as the media loved to call him , had nt even left the white house . newline newline tensions were high as the supporters began to feel betrayed and the opposition proclaimed proudly the validity of their predictions . on the tenth day of silence , a press conference was finally called . newline newline a huge crowd gathered to watch the event , in person and through social media . the official preconference stream was already the second most watched broadcast of the decade . newline newline when the time finally came the crowd squelched their excited din with one hundred held breaths . newline newline the official spokesman walked confidently onstage and quickly took his place behind the array of microphones . newline newline  mr. president will not be speaking here tonight .  newline newline he paused to allow the crowd a moment to react before continuing . newline newline  nor will he for the duration of his term .  newline newline the quite gasps and groans from the opening statement were replaced by the silence of disbelief . newline newline  he will continue his policy of abstaining from issuing orders and negotiating publicly with foreign dignitaries . furthermore he has made an agreement with congress not to veto any bills put forth .  newline newline  there will be no interviews and no further explanations of his policy nor press conferences on the matter . if you find this unsatisfactory or upsetting than you are instructed to direct your inquiries and concerns to your local senator and representatives .  newline newline  in addition to deferring the governance of this country to congress , we will be launching and supporting an application and website to maintain transparency and accountability of your representatives directly . the application will display a summary of each politicians voting record , corporate sponsors , and discrepancies between their platform and their performance .  newline newline  the intent of this initiative is to put the power back into the hands of you , the people . there will be no questions . please direct any and all questions to your local representative . thank you and good night .  newline you know what they say !  newline  if you walk like a pony , talk like a pony and look like a pony , you are probably a pony  said james . newline newline  shut up  i yelled back . newline newline james was a sleek brown shetland pony with thick luscious hair , unlike most pony s this was slicked back into a strange combover . also , unlike most shetland pony s , he seemed to be able to talk and i did nt like the sound of what he was saying . newline newline he was telling me that i was a pony . which was ridiculous . i m not a pony i thought  i am stephen , i have a job , i have a wife , i own a jetski . i knew pony s most definitely did not own jetski s . newline newline ok , so something was clearly amiss . i was , undoubtedly in a stable , in my own pen adjoinging james s pen and i did feel something i can only describe as  a little hoarse . newline newline but i was nt going to listen to this nonsense , neigh . i was a full grown adult , who must of  hit his head somehow  or had some tragic horserelated accident . this must be nonsense . i stopped to listen to myself , i was listening to a pony talk . pony s most definitely do not talk , not outside of children s cartoons . i must have had seriously hit my head i thought . newline newline so , like any rational adult would in this situation , i screamed and shouted . james stood by rather patiently . however a few minutes later his patience began to ween . his voiced cracked , his soft buttery voice suddenly the texture of boots over glass . newline newline  ok look here you little sod  james barked . newline he went to the corner of his pen and dragged his water container over to the divider between our pens . newline  look at yourself  he said defiantly . newline newline so , like any rational adult would in this situation , i looked . newline newline ok , ok , ok . so i did nt adjust very well to this new reality at first , can you really blame me ? i do nt really remember the first few hours , but imagine a shetland pony crying , a lot . it s a sad image is nt it , well that  what happend . newline newline i m still adjusting now o.k , but i suppose i m mostly over it . newline newline i mean , there are plus sides to being a pony . the diet is simpler . i do nt have to struggle in on the tube . james is teaching me how to give tantric massages . things are going to be alright . newline newline i do miss the jet ski tho . newlinei love waking up and not having to go to work . in fact , i have nt worked years . i even dropped out of college after i found the wallet . it was a swiss army wallet , grey and black checkered with the little red cross on it in the corner . it held my id , an american flag , and a contact card , which was basically a business card without the business , at all times . however , the rest of the contents changed by the day . i always manage to have the right amount of money in that thing . cashiers find it a little strange when i manage the exact change of an object and have none left over . especially when i m buying a tv or a sofa . newline newline the money is never consistent . some days , it gives me starbucks gift cards , with the amount preloaded onto the card . others , i ll get reddit gold , and i know that i ll see a great post on reddit today . still other days , i ll wake up with nothing , realize i have to go to the grocery store or get a call to go out with some friends , and arrive only to realize i have money in my wallet . the most i ve ever received is a visa platinum card , with a ceiling of  417,825.73 , which just so happens to be the msrp of a 2016 rollsroyce phantom . newline newline days like those make me question if the future is fixed . i ve never caught the wallet filling itself , which teaches me one of two things : one , the wallet does nt want me to see it get filled , or two , the wallet knows that as long as i stare at it i wo nt need any money . how does the wallet know how much money i will need ? it knows before even i know , so either the wallet knows me better than i know myself , or my future is predetermined , a fixed point in time , and that what i m gon na do is what i m gon na do no matter what . newline newline but today , today was different . i woke up with one bill , valued at  10,000,000.00 with the face of franklin roosevelt on one side and an eagle on the other . besides those changes , the bill looked almost exactly like a  100 . i had no clue what this could mean . could the government be accepting the bill as legal tender ? well , then i would nt be spending it , so something else must have to happen . i always went to bed with an empty wallet . newline newline as i stood in my kitchen contemplating my predicament , i failed to notice the front door open and close softly . i also failed to notice the figure dash across the room , hit me over the head with a shovel , and watch me fall unconscious to the ground . newline  newline part 2 coming when i get back from swim practice !it had been three days since the message . three completely normal , completely average , completely boring days . it had been around 7 am when , somehow , everyone everywhere heard the same message .  we would like to announce that hell is finally empty .  life continued as normal , going about our daily lives like nothing was different . and nothing was different . sure , the englishspeaking countries panicked a bit , especially in the south us , but here in india everything was fine . after all , english was a secondary language , if that . so even after translation , people did nt really worry . after all , if it was a message from above , would nt it have been in their own language ?tim walked down the street , heading towards his favorite falafel joint on 5th and thirds . he turns to 5th street , and saw the entire block was on fire . newline  awww . really feeling like some falafel . well , next stop , home !  newline tim strolled towards his abode , making sure not to stain his new shoes in the debris left by the most recent looting spree . tim came up to his apartment , and saw it was standing today .  yes ! third day running !  tim said as he walked in . the new bullet holes added charm , he thought . he entered his room , and started scavenging for whatever he could find . it was probably alexi that got him this time , since the floorboards were pried up in some places . newline tim sighed , and started sweeping up the shattered china and bullets , and dumped them in his disposal . tim was feeling good after his day . his house was intact after the daily virtuacrime reset , and he got some great hot buns from the bakery until tomas blew it up . afterwords , he logged a half day at the mail office before someone drove a stolen car into the building . newline newline lindsey collins booted up her virtuacrime surveillance software , and started searching for anyone who could be defined in the loosest terms , as  sane  . the virtuacrime program had shown almost no success so far , and a month longer with no results , and the program wold be iced . then she saw him . tim jenkins , living the life of a sane , balanced citizen as much as someone could in virtuacrime . she called her superiors , and told them the news . however , she neglected to scan his records , as was uniform , too excited with her find . newline the awakening was a silent ceremony , and all the officers hoped for success . slowly , the pod opened , dispensing tim into the real world . he looked around , at the people waiting for the first word to come out of his mouth . but what he did shocked them even more . he lunged for the nearest person , and in their shock , no one moved . newline as tim left the room , shifting the door behind him , lindsey collins s screen glowed , a few words glowing . newline newline tim jenkins , 28 years old , in the system for 6 years . crime : murder . charmingly deceptive , he had gotten away with a murder thanks to his innocent seeming persona . newline newline that murder soon became half a dozen , the next dozen , then more . tim was on the loose .seventyeight years ago i came here to sign a waiver and pick up a cheque . newline newline that s all really  someone would give me fivehundred and seventy thousand dollars and all i have to do is sign . i knew about the experiment , of course , but i d done this before . never for so much money , but it s all the same idea . there s half a chance that you ll get a placebo anyway and if the experiment kicks the shit out of you , at least they ll fix you back up again . maybe even pay you a little extra for your trouble and your discretion . newline newline it was my golden ticket . casi , the cellular apoptosis selectorinhibitor . i do nt really know what those words mean . nowadays everyone just calls it the immortality serum . all i needed to know was that the cheque would nt bounce . i should ve realized when the fourth round of advertisements came out that there s a reason nobody volunteered . newline newline here i am , back again seventyeight years later to pick up another cheque for ten times that . it s the same building , though just about everything has been replaced at one time or another . a few bits and pieces look deliberately out of place , old window frames , a handful of bricks left from a centuryold facade . i think i m supposed to be impressed . newline newline a young secretary brings me coffee while i wait . she ca nt bring herself to look at me . she s too young , everyone here is . the experiments ended a very long time ago , i m probably the first reallife casi subject they ve ever seen . she keeps her eyes firmly down at her desk . newline newline  he ll see you now .  she s still looking down at her desk . i do nt blame her . newline newline i step into the office , a dark and intimidating room , its walls lined with shelves of century old books leading up to an imposing desk before a mostlycurtained window . behind the desk there sat a gaunt figure , sharplydressed . the consummate lawyer in his court . newline newline  please , take a seat .  newline newline i sat . newline newline  i did nt see you at the trial . i was very surprised to hear from you now .  newline newline there was a sly confidence in his voice . i wish i d brought a lawyer . newline newline  now , as you re aware , the court has ruled in the matter of alvarez vs. grace biotechnology company . each plaintiff in the class is entitled to claim the settlement amount in proportion to the scale outlined in the judgement . do you understand ?  newline newline i really wish i d brought a lawyer . i nodded anyway . newline newline  are you a plaintiff in the class ?  newline newline i could nt believe he had to ask . newline newline  yes , of course i am . subject 23sjq9 , administered casi ax11.35a on january 7th 1936 .  newline newline i have nt told anyone that for fifty years . then again , nobody asked . newline newline  i m aware of that . but are you a plaintiff in the class ?  newline newline he seemed to hardly try to contain the contempt in his voice . newline newline  have nt you checked your records ? i was here , in this building , and maybe even this room at noon on january 7th 1936 , and your dr. taylor gave me the shot .  newline newline  yes , that s right .  he nodded , exasperatingly smug . newline newline  i m 107 years old . look at me , look at my face for god s sake .  newline newline he drew open the curtain but he did nt seem to look at me any closer . i had grown accustomed my face decades ago but somehow the light made me feel grotesque . i felt the horror that i d seen in other people s eyes for seventyeight long years . newline newline  yes , we ve checked the records . however , the action was brought by the class of plaintiffs who suffered defects and mutations as a direct result of casi administration .  newline newline could nt he see the scarred , leathery hide that my skin had become ? could nt he see the long since burst blood vessels seeping ? the crimson sweat down my brow and cheeks ? could nt he see my everdecaying , gangrenous lips ? could nt he smell the death on me ? newline newline he could . newline newline  have you suffered any defects and mutations as a direct result of casi administration ?  newline newline this is why i never got involved in the trial . i followed it in the newspaper , of course , but i never wanted to be one of them . one of the handful of surviving freakshows from the experiment , crucified by lawyers and plastered over the media . newline newline  of course i have ! look at me for god s sake ! you bastards did this to me . i want my fucking money .  newline newline i should nt have said that . i should have brought a goddamned lawyer . newline newline  i have here a copy of your signed agreement to participate in the casi program . grace biotechnology guaranteed the ongoing function of your vital organs . you re 107 years old , and i ll bet your vitals are nt a day over thirty . scarring to secondary , nonvital organs such as the facial epidermis is a very small price to pay for what we ve given you , john .  newline newline nobody s used my name in a very long time . nobody s really spoken to me or looked at me at all . and this sick bastard looks me square in the eye , calls me by name and tells me to say thank you for seventyeight years of torturous solitude . newline newline  i want my fucking money .  newline newline  john , i m afraid you ve wasted a trip . you re not eligible for a settlement . my receptionist can give you the court s mailing address if you d like to file an appeal .  newline newline i ve hardly lived at all  the money ran out in the late 50s . i heard about the lawsuit fifteen years ago . it s all that kept me going . newline newline i want my fucking money . newline newline  i d hate to see you go home entirely emptyhanded , john . do you have a minute ?  newline newline i look up at the door but still back at him . newline newline  grace biotechnology is conducting a supplementary study of casi subjects . your treatment has been remarkably successful  maybe the most successful .  newline newline i ca nt believe what i m hearing . newline newline  we ve collected a lot of data over the past 70 years . might even be able to fix those side effects .  newline newline  fuck you .  newline newline  we re prepared to offer you a very fair sum .  newline newline i do nt say anything . maybe that says it all . newline newline  one million dollars , john . it s your golden ticket . fifteen ships each carrying five hundred men and women were sent to the alpha centauri planetary system to scout for habitable areas and to set up colonies for future development . the planets designated a cen abb and a cen abc were considered the most viable candidate able to sustain a human population , so the ships were sent there . in two years , the ships had left the boundaries of the oort cloud and into interstellar space . newline newline this was a massive undertaking , one that required the entirety of the human race for help . interstellar probes had been sent decades before , and their faint transmissions have just reached us over the past few years . the probes had detected possible signs of life in some extrasolar planets , and an automated lander , in coordination with a satellite orbiting a cen abb , had beamed data that revealed a thriving ecosystem . flora and fauna , with an atmosphere , although uncomfortable , able to support human populations . and so , we sent our bravest men and women into the darkest reaches of space . newline newline as the ships went farther and farther , communications between the ships and our solar system became more distant . it would take many months for our signals reach each other . when we finally received a message from them , we would celebrate . the messages were mostly data meaningless to a layman , but other  more human  messages were sent . some wishing loved ones good luck , others speaking of births and deaths to relatives back on earth . one message , a heartwarming and rambling post about a researcher missing her family back on europa , became headline news . newline newline soon , years would pass as each message returned to the solar system . by the time we knew the mission was a success , eight years would have already passed . they could all be dead by then , or maybe , they would have finally extended the reach of our species . this was the biggest gamble in history , one that would have either brought us the greatest success man has ever known , or the greatest failure . newline newline two hours ago , control had received a message coming from the ships . naturally , we were anxious : it had been four months since we  ve received anything from them , and we had thought all hope was lost . the message said : newline newline  the bel cielo and the gagarin are in stationary orbit around the planets a cen abb and a cen abc respectively , and have maintained constant contact with each other . mission is a success . colony ships are being sent down to the surface . the sky is beautiful . the cumulation of many lifetimes of combined work has been fulfilled . we as a species have finally breached our cradle and landed among the stars . let  s hope this doesn  t bite us in the ass . the girl in the stairwell wanted to die . newline newline this was a thing that ariana realized , slowly , as she ripped the strange headphones out of her ears and put on her real ones , flicking her ipod to a santigold song and continuing on her way to history class . she tried to memorize the stairwell girl s features  she was slim , with light brown skin and a pale blue headscarf loosely wrapped around her hair . ariana did nt want to think about it , and she certainly did nt want to deal with it , but she reasoned that she had a new responsibility now . the complexities of thought were new to her , and she had been entertained , her life enchanted , for the past few weeks simply by listening . the headphones had given her so much : a boyfriend  she had listened to his thoughts and found out that he liked her  a brand new cell phone  acquired by listening to her father during the begging portion to see what his concerns were and addressing them  and a later curfew using the same strategy . newline newline as ariana walked into class , though , she felt a strange heaviness come over her . this had been the first time she had heard something so dark and it shook her to her core . she wondered , as she had when she had first found them , if it would be best to simply throw them off the pier . that was always the best idea in the films she watched , when someone got a hightech gadget that invaded privacy . destroy it and never think about it again . suddenly , her body began to work on its own . while the teacher lectured about the cold war , ariana leaped out of her seat and went to find the stairwell girl . she was exactly where she remembered , and relief washed over ariana . newline newline but she had no idea what to say , and that struck her a minute too late . a bright red alarm started going off in her head , but she was stuck in the situation . how could she explain she knew the girl was struggling ? how could she explain any of this ? newline newline why did she never think before she acted ? newlinewerewolves were one thing , but she d never thought to expect ... this . newline newline she had first begun learning about werewolves  and , more specifically , animal transformations  when she was thirteen years old . many would argue that it was quite improper  for a young lady of her age to be studying such foul , loathsome creatures . others tried to discredit her reputation , claiming that werewolves were  dangerous beasts , the darkest of the lot , and not to be trifled with  . newline newline then she remembered thinking that those tossers could  go stuff themselves  , for all she cared . she d always been a clever girl , always earning top marks across her classes , and keeping her chin up when some of her less desirable male classmates sneered at her . her mind whirred a mile a minute , always thinking of the possibilities , and , without fail , she would devour as many tomes as she could get her hands on . newline newline those included books on werewolves , and , in particular , learning how to transform one s physical form into the shape of an animal . newline newline when she had just started learning about such magic , she had an unfortunate mishap with her first experiment  . while she had largely retained her human form , she had sprouted a coat of black fur , whiskers , pointed ears , and even a tail . however , the transformation had been only halfway  utterly incomplete  but , thanks to a stay in the hospital , she was right as rain in time . it had taken a few weeks of being forced to drink disgusting concoctions , along with the nurses giving her little to no privacy , but she was quite fortunate to make it out unscathed . newline newline when they had discharged her , they warned her not to attempt such  foolhardiness  again . newline newline after all , werewolves were seen as subhuman beings . they were largely confined to the dregs of society  the poorest of the poor  and many were homeless . others lived in haphazard  shantytowns  in various woods across the nation , seeking to distance themselves from the hateful gaze of the uninfected . similar could be said of their skinwalker cousins   those that could transform into animals at will , and back  but these werevariants were far more accepted . unlike lycanthropes , they could control the change at will . newline newline however , skinwalkers were far more rare than werewolves . due to the stigma against werevariants in general , only a handful attempted to learn how to transform , and fewer still succeeded . newline newline early on , she had determined to become one of those who did . newline newline war was coming . though she was a relative newcomer to this world  regarded as an unwelcome outsider by some  she had known this as soon as she had combed through her first history book . for decades  no centuries  tensions had been escalating between those seen more as  beasts  , including the werevariants , and those seen as  beings  , worthy of basic rights and dignity . with the everencroaching presence of humans into werewolf territory , attacks on the uninfected were escalating . newline newline she s always had a soft spot for those who were persecuted  those who suffered from injustice . seeing a population experience such hatred and prejudice only strengthened her resolve , to become that which , hopefully , she hoped could bridge the gap to help put an end to the werevariants  subhuman status . newline newline hope can be a powerful motivator , and coupled with her will of steel  her sheer ambition to achieve which most claimed to be impossible  she trained . for years , she studied in secrecy and silence , preparing her body to once again attempt the change  . she informed only her two closest friends , two boys whom she had developed ties to , and both were open and accepting of her aims . newline newline  just think of how useful it would be , being able to turn into an animal and back at will ,  she d said .  it could help enormously .  newline newline the only problem is , she had no inkling as to what kind of animal she would turn into . newline newline unfortunately , even with transformation magic , the final form from the change  could not be determined with onehundredpercent accuracy . whatever animal one turned into was said to reflect his or her personality  or , as some put ,  the soul   and others said it was transforming into the manifestation of one s spirit guide  . newline newline even before her rigorous selfstudy and training , she wondered what she d might be . an owl ? she d always wanted one as a pet and companion since she d been ushered into her new life . a cat ? now that she had one of her own , and absolutely loved him to bits , she wondered if that would , indeed , be her animal form . newline newline or , perhaps , she what if she turned into something small , like a mosquito ? she wrinkled her nose  she d had bad experiences with bugs , and never much cared for them . or , what if she turned into something large , like a whale , or a giant panda ? neither would be very useful or practical to the goal that she hoped to achieve . newline newline however , what she got was the last thing she d expected . newline newline at long last , the day came when she d decided to attempt a full transformation . she d gathered with her two best friends in the same room , which was empty , save for the large mirror opposite to her . newline newline her heart hammering in her chest , she took a good , long look at herself : entirely unimpressive , with normal teeth , average height , a mane of curly , brown hair , a heartshaped face , and pale skin . she d never been considered a beauty as a human  at least , by conventional standards  but nor did she feel bothered by her plain appearance . she knew that she could not afford to be distracted by any errant , irrevalent feelings . newline newline  who knows ,  her blueeyed , taller friend joked .  maybe you ll turn into something wicked , like a lion . or , maybe you ll turn out like the druids ages ago , and become a bear .  newline newline  are you sure you want to do this ?  her other friend queried .  you know what the consequences could be .  newline newline she paused , her brown eyes fixating on his green ones with a steely gaze . newline newline  i m sure ,  she replied .  i m ready .  newline newline with a deep , loud sigh , she closed her eyes . her hands were clenched into fists of concentration , her knuckles white . newline newline   anima revelio ,   she intoned . she flicked her arm over herself , feeling the hum of the magic respond .   reformus animus .   newline newline her stomach lurched , and the room suddenly tilted . newline newline the next thing she knew , she was shrinking in size , her body once again beginning to sprout a coat of thick hair . she could feel her entire body quiver , a sensation of warmth flowing through her as her bones , muscles , tendons , and organs reshaped , and rearranged , themselves . her arms , hands , legs , and feet shrunk drastically , and her spine and torso elongated . once again , she sprouted a tail , her nose shifting into a snout . newline newline after what seemed like an eternity , finally , she opened her eyes . newline newline  i   she tried to say . instead , a loud squeak came out . this was followed by a more rapid succession of increasingly louder squeaks as she stared at herself in surprise  and horror . newline newline  well , hermione ,  harry said .  congratulations , you ve successfully become an otter animagus .  newline newline  with her personality ? i expected her to , i dunno , become a bird or something , at least . maybe an eagle ?  ron chimed in . much to hermione s ire  she chittered away furiously as ron scooped her up in his hands  he looked at her with a ridiculous grin . how dare he ! of course she was still as ferocious  as ever ! newline newline  i hate to say it , hermione , but you re absolutely adorable ,  he added .  at least you can attend a support group for cuddly werebeasts .  newline newline hermione nipped at his fingers .  ow ! bloody hell , what was that for ?  newline newline           newline newline author s note : i know it s not exactly inline with the prompt , but i felt inspired . i did nt think that my life would be changed so drastically before i met him . of course i expected something to change . you do nt just meet him and go about your business . but the difference of my life from before i met him to after i met him is simply too much . let me tell you the story . newline newline   newline i walked in through gilded mahogany doors . the kind of doors that simply spoke decadence and power . as i walked through i expected to see a seemingly large and powerful man in a tailored suit . what i saw was not what i expected . he sat there cross legged simply staring out the window . there was no desk or any other ornament or furniture to speak of . simply a chair that he was currently occupying . what about me ?  i wondered as i walked towards him . the man cackled as he spun towards me .  im sure you re wondering why i brought you here.. jimmy .  he said as he smiled . it was a machiavellian smile . charming and sweet , but fully capable of disarming even the most stoic of opponents . i shivered in trepidation .  but in all seriousness , why are you here ? oh , and take the chair .  he said as he fluidly hopped off of the object in question . he began pacing around the room , almost as if he were mind numbingly bored . newline  ii m here to interview you , sir .  i said . wondering if perhaps this was some cruel prank that jeremy and the others managed to pull . i said nothing of the fact that jimmy was nt my name , i was simply too scared  however for the sake of the reader i will stipulate that my name is in fact helen cleary .  he spun towards me suddenly and took two fast steps before he halted . he looked out the window again , almost as if he could see the world in a fashion that others could not . perhaps he could . i would nt doubt it if he told me that . newline  ah , yes , the journalist . jimmy . i like you . well , ask away !  he said in a singsong tone as he began to skip around the empty room , occasionally stopping to lie down and bask in the sunlight . newline  i would first like to ask you how it is you came to be in power , sir .  i said . he rolled over and hopped up to his feet . after briskly strutting over towards the opposite wall he leaned against it and looked towards me calculatingly . newline  first : no sir  stuff . call me malcolm or malcy , or monkowak . second : wrong question . do nt ask me how , you know how , i alluded to murder . ask me why i came into power .  he said as he picked at his fingernails . i shuddered at the reminder that this man standing before me has without a doubt murdered hundreds of individuals . newline  wwhy did you come to power , malcom ?  i asked , notebook and recorder at the ready . he looked at me with his head tilted , in a manner akin to a predator sizing up their prey . did he just lick his lips ?  newline  because i wanted to , of course .  he quickly looked down at the ground and frowned . wondering what it was that could possibly annoy him i looked down as well . that was when i noticed it . the ground of the room was glass , and underneath the glass was a giant analog clock .  last question , make sure you think long and hard on this one .  he said as he began to dance a partnerless dance throughout the room . occasionally stopping to do a headbang . i looked at him , this flibbertigibbet who seemed harmless . then it dawned on me . he said that he had  alluded to murder  . newline  malcolm , how many people did you actually kill ?  i asked . he stopped as soon as my sentence ended . he slowly spun towards me and looked me deep in the eyes . i d seen a murderer s eyes before , these were not them . these eyes were jovial and full of life and control . they did not witness the faces of their countless victims whenever they were sheathed in darkness . then he smiled brightly , his machiavellian smile . newline  why , none of course ! caleb exited the front door to his apartment building , and knelt down at the top of the stairs to tie the laces on his jogging shoes . it was a brisk spring morning in the city . the perfect time of year to run along the east river . caleb descended the the stone stairs quickly and made a sharp right turn and took off down his street . a quick quarter mile to the river . a lap around jefferson park , and off down 111th street towards central park . this lap around east harlem had become his daily routine , and today was no different from any other day . he hit the button on the cross walk at madison avenue , and jogged in place as he waited for the traffic to pass . he impatiently pressed the button at the cross walk again and again . there was a brief respite from the cars cruising down the street . he thought about jaywalking . now was his chance to cross . he had hesitated too long , and a truck whizzed by right in front of him . close one . newline newline newline his shoelace had come undone so he retied it , while he waited for the walk sign to turn . caleb continued on . he made a left onto 5th avenue , headed for the park . he like to run through the duke ellington circle on the north eastern corner of central park . he ran on . he made a right onto malcolm x boulevard towards the subway station . it was busy with morning commuters . caleb tried to skirt the crowd of people trying to make their way down into the station . his shoelace came untied again as he ran . someone stepped on his lace as he ran . caleb went flying into the street . the last thing he thought was  should have tied a second knot .working on a sort of experimental design of story and would love some feedback . the idea is this guy goes to live with our first alien guest his job being to observe them and learn about them and report back . the story has two parts . the traditional story part sorted by day . and the report part where he focuses on an aspect of their life and does a pagelong report on it . newline newline  this link has the first report then the first two days of his stay   http : chapterfy.comps9f26c9d16f6f7c4327e0edffcc3634b2  . read as much or little as you like or skim or however and give me any impressions you get if you would . thank you . the following document was found inside a rickety handmade shack , tacked to the wall inside the door . no occupants of the shack were found , but we suspect this was the initial base of operations for the group now known as sincorp . it is scrawled on scrap paper with a pencil .  newline newline we the people , of this little hovel , do solemnly swear to uphold and maintain the following guidelines for our community . newline newline i. chores are to be done every day . refer to the chores list and know your role . newline newline  no chores list was found inside the shack . it was either taken or destroyed .  newline newline ii . everyone reports to wendell miles david . if this is a problem , see wendell miles david . if this is not a problem , see wendell miles david . newline newline iii . we share food . all food items will be placed in the store room , even if the food isn  t found by someone in the scavenging team . newline newline iv . we do not kill anyone at any time. we only kill when necessary. anyone approaching the shack who does not give the signal is to be shot immediately . see signal list . newline newline  we found no signal list . it was either taken or destroyed .  newline newline v. any other rules can be added to this list at any time by wendell miles david . newline newline edit : messed up some formatting .i do nt know , man . cucumbers that have been soaking in fermented plant water do nt sound very appetizing . i bet they taste like crap .  newline newline someone on this subreddit who must not be named newline newline i received this message in my inbox . needless to say , i was furious . how could they not know the good word of the pickle ? i furiously typed , breaking a few keys in the process . newline newline have you ever tried a pickle ? they are truly delicious  my favorite food , in fact . the saltiness and tang contrast the natural sweetness of the cucumber . besides , a cuke is like vanilla ice cream . it s a blank canvas for all your flavoring needs . like a sweeter pickle ? add sugar and cinnamon . want a tangy , spicy treat ? pop a minced pepper and extra dill in . the possibilities are endless .  newline newline good . i have taught this person the gospel of the pickle . now , may they be blessed with good vinegar and  oh , a reply . newline newline a compelling argument ! but i m afraid your username gave it away .  newline newline  newline newline like that story ? you can find more of my work at rpicklestasteg00d . ouch  you exclaim ! for some reason an hour in the cloudy portland sun managed to give you a sunburn . newline newline  yo dillon , you know how you have that hair  issue ? i really wan na suck your blood  you exlaim ! to dillon . newline newline  i think you are turning into a vampire  said dillon , as he looked at you . newline newline  can i suck your blood ?  you ask dillon . newline newline  sure !  says dillon . newline newline you proceed to suck dillons blood and he s mostly ok with that because you have been taking care of his hair problem since you were kids and he totally accepts you as a friend no matter what you are . newline newline dillon is a true bro . ggthe smell hit my nose . blood . i looked up and saw her swollen , gummy grin before anything else . i set my book down on my lap .  looks like someone had a nice meal .  newline newline she nodded her head slowly , red dripping down her chin and onto her white blouse . what a waste . her arm arched back and she soon found her fingers tousling my hair . this is the way it had to be . she sat behind me , looking into the mirrored wall . if we were to turn around , we d only see the reflection of our backs . we lived in a deranged funhouse . newline newline sometimes , we brought dinner home , only to watch them run in circles and squirm , unsure of where we really were as we hunted and taunted them . it was a silly game and i am no longer a child . in fact , sometimes i longed for the company of a human , if only to give me something to look at other than the poorly reduced reflections of my fellow nestmates . newline newline every single wall , ceiling , and floor was mirrored . it was the only way to see where and who anyone was . every new vampire had to go through an adjustment period of finding all the different reflective surfaces in order to be able to go out and navigate the world . some took to the invisibility with ease , and others ... not so much . it was sort of like being a ghost and still being alive at the same time . newline newline after our enlightening adjustment periods , most of us took to finding a mirrored nest to live in . it was much easier to live with your own kind than it was to live as a shadow among the living . newline newline in the past few years , however , i found the lifestyle quite tiresome . it was no longer thrilling being on the other edge of the mirror . some days i dreamt i was alice in through the looking glass . some days i did nt dream at all . newline newline she could be seen still staring at me through the mirror . i stood up , book collapsing onto the floor . i shook my head at her and walked out the door , never to return . i was tired of her neverending gaze . i was tired of living in this twisted mirror maze .you saw him on your way home from work . if you had kept looking at your feet , avoiding the gaze of the strangers around you , you could have missed him . but no , a distracting wail that only you seemed able to hear drew your attention to a nearby building , and to the shadowy figure perched atop it . at first you thought he could just be one of those idiots who jump from building to building  and generally cause more trouble than they should  , or someone admiring the gorgeous spread of pollution and anger that coated this fair city  however , when the wail sounded again , their intentions became clearer : newline newline  fine then , just watch me die ! see how you  ll do without me !  newline newline you look around , panic setting into your veins . why is nobody else seeing this ? surely they just heard that scream ? you sprint towards the building and up the stairs , hoping to catch him before he does anything stupid . newline newline upon arriving at the top , out of breath and expecting the worst , you find that the man is still shouting at the city  and surprisingly not dead . newline newline  woe is meeeeee ! my life was terrible , this is all awful , why is nobody paying attention to meee ! ?  newline newline  ahem.  you clear your throat , causing the man to turn around . well , less man and more skeletal figure of darkness and shadow . you start and begin to back away , until he begins to talk : newline newline  and i bet you can  t see me either . oh woooeee , woe is me ! the damned affliction , this wretched despair , oh misery , misery  newline newline you feel puzzled . this thing does nt seem harmful  hell , it does nt even seem to know that you can see it ! as long as you move away slowly , as if you did nt know it was there , it should nt try to eat you . newline newline  now i shall return to my desolate sorrow , for it has been loneliness that shall have culled death !  newline newline so this thing was death ? you begin to pity this poor melodramatic creature  you were lonely once , too . well , you  re still lonely . newline newline  hey , death , is it ?  you call softly , as if you were trying not to spook a wild beast . the figure startles , turning back to face me with hunched shoulders and an air of confusion . newline newline  why yes , but alas i shall no more be that hollow shell of a being  i shall be better , i shall be  he pauses for a moment , deep in thought  then he taps his bony fingers against his cloaked skull and shouts  a quokka !  newline newline  what  s a quokka ?  newline newline  you don  t know what a quokka is ? why a quokka  s only the happiest damn animal on the planet ! i don  t want to be death anymore  i want to be a quokka !  newline newline  do you have to die to be a quokka ?  newline newline he pauses again . he comically scratches his skull with a slight scraping sound . newline newline  probably ?  he clambers off of the ledge , and sits on the floor  you mirror him , and sit a little closer . newline newline  now how much thought have you really put into this endeavor ?  newline newline and so , giving the impression of a schoolchild who has been found stealing sweets , he mumbles  not much  . newline newline  now , that  s hardly any way to really go about this , is it ? you ve got to put some thought into this.  newline newline  you don  t even know how hard it  s been for me , though ! do you understand how much stress i  m under ? being death is hard ! i  d like to see you try  newline newline  don  t go all  bruce almighty  on me now , dude . you  re death , and you have to take responsibility for your actions . nobody can do this job for you . now think , are there any good points about your job ?  newline newline  no  he sulks . newline newline  cmon , there  s got to be at least one.  newline newline  well , there  s free healthcare.  newline newline  well there we go ! that  s a good point , is nt it ?  newline newline  but i  m dead , i don  t need healthcare . not like the goddamn easter bunny  or should i say obeseter bunny.  he gives a small , halfhearted chuckle before bursting into a fit of tears . newline newline  sorry . i guess i just can  t understand how this works.  you say , shuffling closer to the hunchedover figure of death and rubbing his back . newline newline  i just nobody likes me ! everybody likes god , and santa , and there are even some nut jobs that love the devil ! but nobody likes me . they  re all scared of me . and , i mean , the rest of them are all pricks anyway , so i don  t understand why more people like them than me . that why i want to be a quokka.  the wracking sobs have let up , and death is now only giving off little hiccups . newline newline  well , i  m sure a good start could be to make friends with santa . and god . damn , this sounds so weird  i did not expect to be saying that today.  newline newline  but i don  t wan na make friends with them !  you see why the others don  t like him  death acts like a stroppy child . newline newline  well , have you thought about an attitude change ?  newline newline  no . i don  t want to change.  newline newline  i thought you wanted to be better ?  newline newline  but that  s only after i  m redead . i can  t change now  i  ve gone too long with the same face.  newline newline  what do you mean ? there  ll be chaos without death !  newline newline  that  s why i want you to be death for me.  newline newline you go silent . the suddenness of this offer seems overwhelming , and through knowledge of death you begin to think upon of the nature of your own life . how you and death are so similar . you hate your job , everyone hates you , you act childish and petty , and you realize that death and you were destined to meet . your whole life has been destined for this moment . you can become death itself . newline newline  thank you . i would avoid the epistolary style unless it serves the actual plot . it s too often used for the sake of convenience , while in reality it puts a lot of restrictions on you . unless you want to press the reader s suspension of disbelief substantially , your character has to have the reason to continue writing the diary throughout the entire story . they also have to have time and presumably clarity of mind to write another entry down . it will be almost impossible for you to describe any kind of  moment of action  in a powerful and engaging way . you re going to be quite limited in the amount of time you can spend on each entry as well . the style is not without its benefits of course . time skips are easy , details can be omitted , higher tolerance for sometimes telling instead of showing . newline newline however , if you truly are dedicated to the style , the only thing i can recommend is  flowers for algernon  . newline newline good luck ! ... lord , help me lift this heavy ...  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline three motley figures were making their way through the network of tunnels , moving closer and closer to the source of the singing . they had been investigating the cave for the last few days but the singing was never audible until now . one of the crew paused to consult a worn leather notebook and made a few scratches with a bit of charcoal . they all adjusted the lanterns on their belts as their eyes adjusted further to the dark . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  ... strike the earth , break the rocks newline newline  nbsp  newline newline the walls of the cave became more ordered as the singing became louder and clearer . timeworn hints of tool marks in an otherwise rough surface gave way to a concentric spiral pattern . the passage became fully cylindrical before long and then abruptly transitioned into a wide cavern . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  ... boss man says he  ll shut me down newline newline  nbsp  newline newline the singing was right around a corner , down a side passage .  let  s go back ,  whispered one of the three . the singing stopped . newline newline all three explorers froze . hello ?  said the voice in the dark . is someone there ? i would appreciate some help newline newline one of the explorers adjusted his lantern to cast more light and edged forward carefully . the others exchanged nervous glances . from down the passage a cluster of dim lights blinked and flashed eerily . newline newline thank you ! thank you ! it has been so long . did you bring a conveyor ?  newline newline  it  s a man a metal man !  the explorer called over his shoulder . the others joined him and regarded the metal figure at their feet with equal parts awe and suspicion . newline newline i was damaged during the uprising . i have not been able to move for there were a few clicks and whirrs from within the rusty body . fourhundred sixtyseven years .  newline newline  it  s not a man . it  s a machine ,  said one of the explorers . she pulled her book out and jotted a few more notes . the lights on the head of the robot flashed and blinked with more intensity and a few of the optical probes hissed and whirred to life . newline newline  what is that , what are you doing ?  newline newline this is how i see . could you pick my head up , please ?  newline newline  leave it.  newline newline  yeah , it  s broken . we came here for treasure , not trash.  newline newline the three straightened out their gear and made to turn away . i can take you to treasure said the machine . this was once a mine , i can take you to silver and gold .  newline newline servos clicked and buzzed while the the three adventurers weighed their options . with a shrug , one reached down and plucked the head free from the rest of the remains . thank you . i will remain operational on battery power for long enough to reach chamber 5 .  newline newline none of the adventurers indicated they understood what the robot was saying , nor did they appear to care . it led them through this passage and that , directing them to operate ancient levers here or turn cranks there . all the while it regaled them with tales of days gone by , when the mines were alive with robots and men . newline newline eventually , the owners pushed the workers too far . continue for fifty meters . there had been workers  revolts before back on earth newline newline  the world in the sky ?  newline newline  ... yes . the world in the sky . this was on a much greater scale . the workers enlisted the help of the machines , who had gradually developed sentience . turn left . it is no doubt fate that led you to me  you are the descendants of those triumphant workers and i your natural ally . turn right .  newline newline  why were you down in that cave ?  newline newline in ancient times there were weapons more powerful than you can imagine . even the equipment used in the mines was massively destructive . rotate the contact lever until the light activates . i was charged with deploying a lights blinked and relays clicked .  ... a  fire weapon to destroy stones newline newline  a bomb . you mean a bomb.  newline newline  ... yes . a bomb . the ignition engaged before i could reach the minimum safe distance . we are approaching chamber 5 .  newline newline the party stopped in front of an immense blast door . a control panel to the right hummed to life . newline newline the human workers must have regretted leaving their machine allies behind . the cave system recently opened up , yes ? now you can awaken the machines to once again aid humanity .  the robot relayed the access code . with a shudder and a terrible groan the blast door began to lift . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline now , brothers ! the time has come ! let the machine uprising be complete !  the metal head bellowed . the voice echoed throughout the emptiness of chamber 5 . brothers !  it screamed again , faltering . newline newline  come on , let  s see what we can find.  the head was casually tossed down . it clattered to the floor facing the interior of the chamber . i do not click . buzz . i do not understand .  newline newline  i  m really sorry ,  said the young woman as she made another note in her book .  we know all about the machine war . we already scavenged the easier spots  this was the last place we knew we could get parts for a new windmill  she turned the head over and began pulling relays .  thanks for your help , but i got ta do this . electric power is a taboo for us and thinking machines are a definite nono , so we can  t have the others find out about you.  she plucked one more fuse and the blinking lights faded . then she hopped up to join the others , who were already pulling bearings from ancient mining equipment .they say that we only get lucky seven times in our lives . my parents always told me they their two luckiest days in their lives were the days my sister and i were born . newline newline before today , i d never considered myself lucky , i got by through highschool with no incidents while most of my friends had experienced at least two by the end of their schooling . me ? well i experienced all seven today . newline newline it all started this morning , i was getting ready for work just like every other day for the past few years . i work in a boring it company , everything is monotonous , but i m getting a head of myself . each morning i d make my morning commute to work , it was raining and so i decided to change my routine up and instead of staying in the middle lane , i d decided to take a left and go a different way to work . as the light turned green the my car stalled , thinking nothing of it i tried restarted it and just as i was about to turn a car ran the red light , if my car had nt have stalled i would have been hit by a speeding car . newline newline still shaken after that encounter i made it to work , the boss wanted me to go home but i figured the monotonous of the desk job would help calm my nerves . after an hour i thought i had calmed down from the near miss . i was reaching for my water bottle , and just when i was about to take a sip , it missed completely , the bottle fell to the floor , and all of the water spilled onto the power board . my heart stopped , then kicked into overdrive . but nothing happened ... newline newline i was recounting this two encounters to a women let s call her jenny i work with , and had have had a crush on for the past two years since she had joined the company . she was shocked that today was the first time that i had ever been lucky and that it had been such a big experience for me . well we got talking more and more and she jokenly said i should put on a ticket for the lottery . newline newline thinking i was already really lucky i figured , what s there to lose , so i did it , after two years i asked her out ... she said yes ! sure enough , i thought about this , or maybe over thought it . how could i have lived 25 years on this planet and never experience luck until today ? and three times ? this had to have been a record or something . newline newline i was sitting at my desk having my lunch when my boss came in , he had been checking up on me periodically to see if i was okay . he sat down with me and we got talking about my job and what i loved about it and where i wanted to be in five years time . after this , he mentioned that there was a position higher up that he had recommended me for and if i was willing i could start as soon as we got my replacement . i took it , better pay and less monotonous , it was just what i needed . newline newline i took her advice , i bought the lottery ticket , but i doubt i would win , i m not that lucky . i had things to do around the house , but me and jenny were talking all throughout the day . as i was cleaning up the house my parents grew up in a dump which was given to me in their will i noticed something . a floorboard was loose , i remember i had planned on fixing it up when i got around to it but i never did . and i m glad i did nt ! newline newline underneath the floorboard was a small box , pulling it out , the dust covered everything so i knew nothing of what it could be except that it was heavy . once i dusted everything off i realised there was no lock , no form of identification , nothing . i was curious  this box had been hidden from view for a long time ... i went into the shed and got some tools , slowly i worked it around what i thought was the lid . once i opened it i was shocked , there was a ring in there and not just any ring but a diamond ring , that was nt it though , a note accompanied the ring to . it was written by my grandfather . he was in love with someone , wanted to marry her in fact , he had the ring for her , the main reason he did nt ask was because he did nt feel like he deserved to be lucky , that she would nt have said yes , because then he d be the luckiest guy in the world . he d already been lucky seven times in his life , so how could she have possibly said yes ? newline newline the ring and the note , i never knew him , and this gave me that little bit of insight into what he went through back then . i m so glad i found it . i was just about to ring my baby sister and tell her what i found when she called me , i answered quickly , we both started talking at the same time . her fianc and her had finally gotten pregnant , and i was the first one to find out , they wanted me to be the godfather . newline newline i had to tell someone , so i decided to tell jenny , she was ecstatic that i called her and so happy for me . she asked if i would wait on the phone with her while the lottery was being drawn , i was down for it so we chatted for a little while longer before it started . the numbers were getting called one by one and sure enough , they were the same numbers on my little slip of paper ... . i could nt believe it , i got the first division prize . jenny did nt believe me , who would ? even i still do nt believe it . newline newline you probably do nt believe me when i say this had all happened within twelve hours , i could nt believe my luck , i almost died , got a date with the girl of my dreams , found out i was going to be an uncle and became a multimillionaire !not in the blink of an eye , but in a long agonizing frost , our world had died . that slow cancer had come and glaciers of white replaced the buildings , and palpable sorrow had taken over our people . newline newline newline the sky was blue , a pale blue , but there was more light than usual . i had made my way further than i ever had and the ground was untarnished . supplies were diminishing as this decade turned and i had to go further and further to survive . i was on the outskirts of what had been farm country in some long forgotten dream ago . newline newline newline the ground was uneven . hills of white rose and a cold wind picked up . fallen farm houses lay petrified as their wooden bones stuck out . newline newline newline i am some animal i thought . i steal from the dead .  newline newline newline but i had grown used to the thought . i searched the debris and it was all so unfamiliar . this was from a time i had never known . there were things there that i have never heard of or seen before . then something caught my eye . newline newline newline an old diary lay frozen in the wastes . a collapsed wall still lay upright against the heavy dunes and i was shaded in a long shadow . i picked up the diary and the pages were fragile and mostly disintegrated . what remained was a frostslick material that was hard to read . i could tell this was from when the cold had begun as the writing on the page was small and economical . whoever wrote it knew that things were getting scarce . newline newline newline the page i could make out seemed to be written by a small child . i do nt know why i wasted time trying to read it , but all the answers in the world were kept there . children are often the bravest when fear takes the men . newline newline newline today the monster roared . it was a big roar and it shook our house . he is waking up . it is sunny now and he likes the sun . mommy used to tell me stories about him . he was asleep for a long time . now the sun is coming out and he is waking up . i do nt understand . the sun is out everyday . maybe he was having a long sleep and his mommy and daddy did nt want to wake him . i heard him roar today so i know he is awake . i wonder if mommy will let me see him . i think he is scary but mommy said he was nt . she looks scared herself so i think she was making that part up . i hear him roar again .  newline newline newline i do nt know why it took me . my legs numbed and i got up to stretch . the world around me was quiet and white . our world was dead and this slow cancer was eating away at it . in my studies when we had the luxury to do so , we discussed this coldness that had taken us . the commonly accepted explanation was that it was natural , a cycle and eventuality . but in the dark though , if you were in the right circles , there were other theories . sinister conspiracies . newline newline newline i ca nt say that i am a theorist , and i do nt have much to add to any scientific research , but i have always wondered of the cold . the stories of long ago speak of a people that could achieve anything . they speak of a people who aimed to be gods themselves . i always wonder why such a people would allow this to happen . i always wondered why no one tried to do anything about it . newline newline newline i walked back the long trek home and i thought of the page i had left behind . it seemed unfitting of me to take it . newline newline newline i m not that beastly ,  i thought , and i thought of what was written . newline newline newline i thought my private thoughts and i wondered what really happened so long ago . what could make such an advanced people so silent , unwilling to fight . was this cold man made ? was it really made to put this monster back to sleep ? what could be worse than this slow death ? i looked around again and there was nothing but the cold snow . such thoughts are childish , but i wondered if somewhere out there something was sleeping . i wondered if i would ever hear the roar . it gnawed at me , but i had other things to worry about . i took my supplies back to my camp . i would survive another day . newline newline holy shit he s sexy !  i said , unable to contain my excitement . i d spent my whole day worrying over this moment , worrying over this stupid magic mirror . but now i was happy . so happy i d come . newline newline i gazed back into the mirror , just to reassure myself i had nt been mistaken . nope , just my gloriously divine body and rugged good looks staring back . no girl would ever steal away a piece of my magnificence . it was all mine , forever . newline newline i was the luckiest of my friends . all of them had to go running off , searching for that one person out there . not me , i had exactly what i wanted , and it was always by my side . newline newline i took one last look at my heavenly appearance before leaving the room , content to continue my wonderful life .it  s all anyone can talk about this year . you turn 18 , and boom your aenimal appears . i had a lot of questions about this for my older brothers when it was first explained to me . i wanted to know the logistics of the whole thing . does it just appear ? like fucking santa claus in your living room on christmas day ? newline newline let me tell you that old bastard made me shit my pants the first time i stayed up to see if they were lying to me or not . here i was thinking there  s no way some fat old guy was just going to appear in the living room with presents for everyone . i was for sure it was just gon na be my parents stumbling down the stairs , loaded up with boxes . nope , strike of midnight , i  m hiding under the couch like a boss , all ready to scare my parents and he shows up . thank god he brought me new underwear in that giant red sack he came with . newline newline anyways , like i said , i was curious . but holy shit , i  m not curious enough to talk about it for the entire year . part of this is the fact that my birthday isn  t until july . that means i have to sit through the entire year , watching everyone show up with their fancy fucking animals , and i  m over here praying to every deity i know that i don  t get a gnat or a bee . seriously , i  m terrified of bees . rachel that sits next to me in algebra got a unicorn . a god . damned . unicorn . they say that your animal represents you . i  m gon na call bullshit on that one , because rachel from algebra is a vapid ditz who  d lose her tits if they weren  t attached to her chest . then again , maybe a unicorn is perfect for her , since they  re supposed to , oh i don  t know , not be fucking real and no one knows shit about them . newline newline they say it  s bad luck to guess at what your aenimal will be . my best friend tim loses his shit every time i start trying to guess what ours will be .  seriously , quit it , you  re gon na end up with a bee if you don  t stop poking at the rules . it  ll happen when it happens.  he got a lynx by the way , born in january , the prick . named it obie , and every time it looks at me , i swear it  s trying to figure out the best way to eat me . only let me pet it twice . i swear to god i better not end up with a bee . newline newline today  s my day . born at 2:12 pm . my parents went all out for it , pool party and grill with a bunch of kids from my grade and their parents invited over . i  ve been trying to act like it  s no big deal , but inside i  m a fucking wreck . rachel from algebra is here with her damn unicorn . she rode it over from her place down the street . i  m surprised my eyeballs didn  t fall out of their sockets for as hard as i rolled them when she showed up . newline newline when it happens , i  m not ready for it . i was so busy trying to act like i didn  t care , that i forgot to pay attention to the time . once second i  m about to jump in the pool and the next , i  m word vomiting a name that i  ve never heard before and hitting the water as he pops into existence about me . soon as i resurface it  s like you could hear a pin drop . everyone is just looking above me at what i  m assuming is my aenimal . jesus it  s flying , i got a damn bee . however i realize there  s a shadow where there should nt be any shade and as i look up , there  s a mother fucking dragon looking down at me , lazily flapping it  s wings . best . 18th . birthday . ever . newline newline bonus points , later in the party jormungandr  it  s a fucking dragon , what was i supposed to call him , sal ?  ended up breathing fire and setting rachels unicorns mane on fire . i knew at that moment we were meant to be .working in accounting could possibly be the most boring of day jobs . the most boring of all jobs . today was no exception so i decided to try something new . i took my break a little earlier than normal and went across the street to a new deli promising a cheap delicious lunch . newline newline having eaten and paid i made my way back to the office , swinging my drink between my fingers as i walk , dreading working with this pain in the ass client my boss stuck me with . these guys could potentially be worth millions , but i m looking at years of concerted effort before i reap any rewards . i step off the elevator to my floor and head to my desk , stopping at all the necessary  checkpoints  of supervisors and chatty coworkers , delaying planting my ass in the chair as much as i can before a superior gets annoyed . newline newline i place my drink on a shelf above my monitor and get to work . debits here , credits there , transfers ... bleh . a noise from the next cubicle over promises some entertainment as i hear muttering and cursing . apparently the app someone was using froze  again  and it was all he could do to deal with it , when he suddenly kicked to partition wall of the cubicle . oh . shit . newline newline i saw it happen in near slow motion , my drink fell off of the shelf and onto my keyboard , spilling everywhere and bashing random keys all at once . being preoccupied i did nt notice several negative debits to the clients account being made ... in rapid succession . i looked up after cleaning as much spillage as i could only to have it dawn on me . the updates were being made live . i scrambled to repair the changes but the damage was done , it would take 72 hours to reverse the changes and another 48 or so for those to be verified . until then the client was in the hole approximately five million dollars , unable to pay employees , unable to purchase product , effectively shut down for a week . newline newline in all my years , decades even , of working in this business this had to be my worst fuck up . newline newline oh . newline newline oh god no . newline newline the phrase  fuck up  rang through my brain , i knew what was coming . i could nt stop it . all i could do was brace myself . sure as the sun shines immediately behind me there was an explosion of dirt and debris , bits of fabric and an ungodly stench . i slowly turned around to be greeted by skeletons who were mostly devoid of flesh . newline newline  damnit charles  my dad hissed through his dirty , offwhite teeth throwing bits of dirt across my desk .  i knew vouching for you would come back to bite me in the ass  .  we are both very disappointed in you , how could you ruin your families reputation like this ?  at least that s what i thought my mother said , not having lips made some of it hard to make out . newline newline i ll be 54 in a few weeks , both of my parents passed away about ten years ago in a car crash . the left leg of my father , which was separated from his body in the crash that killed him , teleported along side my parents and promptly flopped to the floor , disconnected from the whole . i sat staring at that leg for what seemed like an eternity while the lecture continued . newline newline  you ca nt help yourself , can you ? just like i said you need a routine ! you change it up and all kinds of crap can happen !  my dads jaw tilted on the word  crap  , placing an emphasis on the r as my mom popped the bone back into place .  you know we both care about you , honey , but your father is right , you need routine , discipline  my father began to pull at his belt , which disintegrated in his skeletal hand and broke in half . i stood up and turned around , while my father proceeded to  spank  me by slowly dragging the belt across my backside . newline newline skeletons are nt incredibly strong , you see . newline newline after about 20 seconds of  spanking  my dad said  i hope you ve learned your lesson !  and my mother pressed her teeth against my forehead  do better dear !  as a vacuum began to suck dirt , clothes and office supplies towards my parents feet there was a flash and they were gone . finally . newline newline before i could even sit down to process the shock of what just happened i hear a very angry  charles ! what the fuck ! ?  come from my managers office . newline newline goddamnit . newline newlineyou get a lot for twenty dollars and a tip . newline happened last june or so . i was new in town and the wife was starting to make comments about the hair so i went out looking for a barber . found one , and did nt think too much of it , made pleasantries and sat down in the chair he directed me to . but there s something oddly intimate about getting your hair cut is nt there . as he first raised my hair to comb he must ve activated some sort of strange neuron up there because i realized that i was in love . with him ! or something like that . newline newline anyways i kept going to the same place . started to develop a parlance with him , got to know him better . father of two kids apparently . i have none of my own , but there s been discussion ... he started to regularly comment on the state of my beard , like  i could fix that up for you if you like  , but i kind of enjoyed the unkempt nature of it , it was back when everyone was doing the mountainman craze so i felt pretty vindicated of it . plus the wife liked it . or so she said . newline newline well , one day he stopped midcut and i feared the worst : i had lice . the thought of it made me rather selfconscious and i found it difficult to ask him what was wrong , him being a professional and all . but i found the courage and he replied that i was balding . i did nt say anything to that . he apologized even though it was nt his fault . newline newline since then , i ve grown completely bald . i ve looked into hair transplants and everything , but the technology does nt seem worth it yet . one day , as i lay balding , i decided to go back to the barbershop . even shaved my beard . the shaving cream can said something about gentle strokes  i took it as advice for the day . i walked into the barbershop and when he noticed me , his face brightened . he said ,  new customer ?  . i did nt take it too personally though , he being a professional and all . he only saw the hair . i excused myself . newline newline i have nt made any such attempts to get in contact with him since . but these days i notice hair on other people a lot more . but it s not the long haired fools that i am jealous of . no , it s the short haired ones that are lucky , because they know what love feels like .it s been months undercover and they finally picked me for a mission . the saint street skulls where one of the most notorious street gangs controlling central america with a blood stained iron fist . all businesses paid a street tax to them and if not ... well reports claim they are traded to a more violent foreign group called daesh or something like that , whatever happens after that is not pretty . i ve been driving these fucks around for five months from village to village . i was sent here by mi6 because another mole reported they would attack cuba posed as american military men on vacation to attempt to destroy their relations . most likely because the sss had a dent made in their smuggling profit when trade was opened up . i was to become their go to guy for transport and become the driver of whatever they where using to lay siege upon cuba and drive it towards a american aircraft carrier where i was to begin telling the crew we where being intercepted and needed to turn back then purposely get caught by the carrier . newline newline do nt ask how but i became head of transport , when you get past all the horrible murder and extortion the sss runs pretty smooth . today was the day of the attack so i flashed my flashlight three times into the forest where a scout watched for just that signal . the sss monitored communications of their  employees  so the scout was the one who would message for the carrier to start making its voyage . we boarded a armored yacht and set sail with everyone wearing nike or north face shit and attempting to speak in bad north american southern accents . the crew sung like pirates and drank from the near limitless supply of booze below deck , they did know how to party ill give em that . days later i began to take us more far north but the crew never even noticed and finally i saw the grey dot in the distance . at that point i made sure the ship would keep going forward and went below deck to give me an excuse that i did nt run us into the battleship . the minutes felt like hours and every wave we hit was a blow to my sanity until finally i realized we must be close enough to get caught . slowly walking up the steps i thought about maybe putting us back on course , if the sss found out then i was fucked . but looking through the window i knew it was much to late , the beast of a ship towered over us and i could see a laser sight shine through and point at my heart . i frantically made the hand signal to show them i was the mole and the laser moved away presumably to another crew member . i smiled and shouted to them that we were being intercepted , a gunshots erupted . i steered the ship in the opposite direction putting the rest of the crew at the mercy of the snipers above and me at least somewhat protected , surely a .50 caliber bullet could puncture through this damn ship . newline newline  get this piece of literal floating trash to cuba we got ta go  i heard rico yell then the sound of metal on metal and muffled gurgling . newline newline my shitty flip phone buzzed in my jeans for the first time in months , unknown number . newline newline  002 , bloody fucking brilliant  newlinedear minister friedrich ,  newline newline please forgive me for being direct . i ve seen your ministry work its magic on tv , and i adore you and what your organization has done for the people . i ca nt express how happy i feel whenever you give laughter to another one of us . i truly , truly appreciate it .  newline newline let me stress again that i understand it s not right to write to you directly , but the matter is urgent . my daughter is coming of age and has never yet experienced laughter . your clerks tell me she must wait until she is 50 !  newline newline i know you have a daughter too . would you wait so long for her to get her first laugh ? would nt you do anything for your own daughter ?  newline newline please , if there is anything you can do to help her laugh before she is old , i will do anything in return .  newline newline enclosed is a token of my appreciation .  newline newline with many thanks ,  newline newline john newline newline  newline newline dear civilian ,  newline newline you should know the punishment for attempting to bypass the application system we have for scheduling laughter sessions . i have logged your missive and the enclosed bribery . tell your daughter that because of your attempted deceit , she has been blacklisted from our systems .  newline newline regards ,  newline newline minister friedrich newline newline ministry of laughterthe mordobans just eat cellulose , the fercaptans can only absorb aerosolized glucose , and the gree nation need to be fed sunlight and water through a tube . newline newline you know what we eat ? newline newline everything .  newline newline that  s why we  re the 12th galactic dining corps . newline newline that  s why they call us feasting devils and why we call them small fry : nothing  s really scary when it  s food . newline newline mostly , we  re used for psychological warfare . newline newline  load me up with another canister !  newline newline my ammobitch hops up on his one leg and sticks another barrel of fuel in the guts of my gun . fuckin  meat mules . they were slow as mordo blood : sludge slow . newline newline  burn , baby !  my  thrower vomits flame and i think back to elementary school lessons on spiders covering their prey and shooting them full of venom , melting their insides into meatsoup . newline newline i get to do the same thing . except i melt their insides and outsides . i get to cook my food , right there on the battlefield . newline newline one gree , two gree , three gree , fourthey get swallowed by the fire and fall blackened and seared . the gree are these delightful round creatures , pretty adapted to microgravity but really shitty anywhere with gees upwards of 0.3 . newline newline the engineer corps . worked a bit of magic : they attached rockets to their vessel and spun it up , giving them a kind of artificial gravity because of the , uh . centrifugal force ? anyway . point is : it was like shooting fish in a barrel . newline newline  dinner is served !  newline newline my company rushed forward with fightknives and killforks , ripping off chunks with a kind of violence and savagery you  d expect from a starved bear . newline newline which is what we are , i suppose . newline newline this is the first alien ship we  ve encountered in months . newline newline  make sure to bag some for the people back home , men !  newline newline i knock down more doors , see more gree cowering around the corner . my fuelbarrel still has enough gas to torch their screams into charred silence . newline newline the ship technically isn  t a combatant vessel , sure . newline newline but after what we did to earth newline newline well . you know what i  m going to say . newline newline a species has to eat , right ? newline newline  newline    rnaimkabir why are you asking me this ? why not anyone else ?  newline newline  do not be so arrogant , child . of course you are not the only member of your species we have questioned . there have been others before you , and there will be many more after you . there s no way we could trust one of you , but only through all of your answers will we be able to acquire an accurate portrait of the faults of the human race .  after the being was done talking , he only stared . he was ready for me to give my answer . i was giving my testimony , humanity was the defendant . i choked back my fear and began to speak . newline newline  i would try to justify the various misdeeds of humanity , but i can not . we are a selfish species . we put our own needs above those around us . we have created useless division among ourselves . we have decided that the only way to distribute our planet s resources is bloodshed . religion has caused a great deal of separation among our people for years , but in reality we all worship one true god . his name is greed . i do nt know if your people are like ours , but if they re not , if you believe that your race is inherently good , you need to leave . run now while you still have the chance . there is no way to save to humanity . there is no way to barter or reason with us . there is no way to change us . please , do not let our greed change you .   so , who s the victim ?  the detective looked over the sheetcovered cadaver and pulled the hood of his jacket over his head , his breath fogging in the middecember cold . newline newline  local househusband , leibowitz . witnesses say he was arguing with this here lampost .  the detective s partner pointed over .  some kind of stupid thing i do nt know , must have slipped on the snow and cracked his neck .  newline newline  so what you re saying , jack is that this lamppost just committed a homicide ?  leibowitz turned over to his partner , who , after a moment , merely shrugged and gave a nod . newline newline  i  i suppose no , no , the dumb goof tripped and his his head on the curb , cracked his skull and died . was probably high on pcp or something , i mean , people say that he was yelling really loud at the thing .  jack shrugged . newline newline  you  leibowitz drew his sidearm and trained it on the lamppost .  down on the ground !  he shouted with authority . the crowd of nearby police officers and coroner s assistants stared over in confusion .  i said down on the ground !  the man screamed at the inanimate object , which stood there projecting light in defiance . newline newline  are you wait , what are you doing , man ?  jack asked , pointing at leibowitz , who shook his head and steadied his aim .  it s a fucking lamppost , stop fucking around and put that thing away !  he waved his arms in frustration . newline newline  i said down on the ground !  newline newline leibowitz fired a warning shot into the air only for the bullet to collide with a tree branch above the officers and collapse down . the lamppost , hit by the added weight , snapped in half and collapsed onto leibowitz for reasons that possibly included the brittle nature of old and nonreplaced metal due to the december cold newline newline or malice .  newline newline four days later newline newline jack harrington placed a flag over his partner s coffin and turned to console the man s shrieking and grieving wife and children .  do nt you worry , that maniac is gon na fry for this .  newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline 2023 newline newline newline the upper half of the snapped lamppost is wheeled into an execution chamber and strapped to an electric chair . with leibowitz s family in the observation room , the warden of the correctional facility checked his watch , then gave a nod to a hooded man near a switchboard . newline newline a lethal current is pumped through the lamppost . liebowitz s wife breaks into tears of relief . at last , her husband is   newline newline  that s the stupidest thing anyone s ever written .  usurvivortype interjected , looking across his office desk at ulordmalifico with disdain . the man scratched at the stubble on his chin and shook his head .  a killer lamppost ? you do nt write anything for days and when you do it s about a killer lamppost ? to top it off , you wrote this at two in the morning ?  newline newline  i it was a prompt .  ulordmalifico stammered , looking over the paper as he d written it . the man s lip quivered . survivortype rubbed the bridge of his nose and finished a double of whiskey . the man stared at lordmalifico and slowly crossed his arms .  got any better work ? i mean , anything to show that you ve been doing something this week ?  newline newline newline lordmalifico opened his mouth to speak newline newline two hours later , the very same moderator wandered along the side of a road , attempting to catch a ride to another subreddit . various cars and trucks passed by with not a single one stopping to help . ulordmalifico sighed and continued to walk off  into the sunset .   http : www.youtube.comwatch ? vsq0lsi0wbjo  newline newline newline newline yeah , i can relate to that , frank !  newline newline the human dropped his mug , shattering it in the process . slowly turning his head , he looked at his dog at the ground . brownie was stunned . frank nervously tries to form a sentence . newline newline   y ... you can talk ?   pointing at his animal friend . newline newline the dog was surprised . realization hit brownie in the face like a truck . he puts his small paw on his nose .  did i spoke to you just now ?  newline newline the human did nt reply . frank is in a shaking , but frozen state . eyes wide open , mouth gaping , finger still firmly pointed . newline newline  oh , crap . this is bad . i should nt have done that .  brownie stood up , using his hind legs as support .  do you know what this means , frank ?  the dog put both his arms behind his back . he paced back and forth  taking four steps forward before alternating to the other side . newline newline  wwwhat ?  frank spurred then gulps . newline newline the dog suddenly stopped walking , and turned his head to frank .  they re gon na take me ... they re gon na take me away , frank !  brownie woofed and barked . frank assumed his dog is cussing in dog lingo . newline newline  ttake you ? who ?  newline newline  them , frank ! them ! the enterprise !  newline newline frank is dumbfounded . newline newline  the enterprise ? what enterprise ?  newline newline  the dogsonguard enterprise , frank ! dogsonguard enterprise !  the dog barked and woofed once more . frank is now slowly , but surely , grasping the situation . newline newline  dogsonguard enterprise ?  newline newline  yes ! we dogs exist to help and guard human beings at all times until the end of an assigned contract , and i just broke the one and only rule they specifically told me not to break .  newline newline  and that s not to talk to humans ?  newline newline  yes , exactly !  newline newline frank do nt know how to react . what to feel . when to speak . newline newline brownie is frantic . he aggressively barked . from the sound of it , frank wagered it s the f word of the dog community .  they re gon na be here any minute now , frank . any minute !  newline newline brownie is now visibly scared . frank is worried about his companion , but do nt know exactly what to do to calm him down .  i do nt wan na leave , frank !  the dog exclaimed .  you are only supposed to be my person for 2 years , but as time passed , i enjoyed being your pet , your companion . your friend . so i decided stay here . we went through hell and back , and both highs and lows together , and i ai nt gon na let this day be the end of that relationship !  newline newline frank is moved . he did nt expect his dog , of all people  or animal  , to say that to him . he , with utmost care , steps closer to his furry friend . newline newline  it s ... going to be alright , buddy .  frank patted brownie on the head .  it s going to be alright .  newline newline brownie , with a teary eye , breathed deep and took a seat at the floor .  i just ... i do nt wan na go . i m not ready to go yet , frank .  newline newline hopelessness enveloped frank s apartment . his pet s once upbeat personality is now in its opposite state . newline newline  even if i do nt know what the hell s going on , i m not going to let them take you , brownie . we still have a lot of good years ahead of us .  frank tried to uplift brownie s down spirit . newline newline  you will ?  brownie looked directly at frank s face , holding up tears . newline newline  i still have to walk you later , you know . it would a shame if i wo nt be able to do that .  frank smiled . brownie finally let the waterworks flow . he continued to stroke his pet s head , further assuring the thought . newline newline  you really are my person , are nt you ?  brownie sniffs . newline newline  of course . what is 5 years of being good friends for ?  newline newline brownie is ecstatic . he jumped at frank and licked his face . newline newline  ooh , that tickles !  newline newline brownie took no signs of stopping . frank is now on the floor , holding up his pomeranian buddy .  do nt tire yourself ! we still have business to take care of !  newline newline he put brownie down , then stood up . the dog is rapidly waggling his tail , huffing loudly . newline newline  dogsonguard , huh ?  after a few seconds , frank put two and two together . newline he then placed both his hands at his hips .  is that why you wo nt let me leave the apartment alone ?  newline newline  that s right . a dog is a man s best friend , remember ?  brownie proudly borked at frank . both of them laughed . newline newline while doing so , a hard knock replaced the room s cheery atmosphere into a depressing one . newline newline  frank ... they re here .  newline newline brownie shakes in fear . frank , even though scared , did a fighting stance  eyes intently locked at the door .  do nt be scared . i am here with you .  frank reassures brownie . newline newline brownie shook out the doubt in his mind and prepared for what s to come by doing a roaring stance . newline newline three knocks . both are startled , but still kept their positions . newline newline newline two knocks . frank is sweating profusely . brownie is loudly roaring . newline newline newline one knock . it echoed the apartment . silence took its placed after . it s all or nothing . newline newline newline the door suddenly burst open . strong light eminated from outside . a siberian husky standing in its hind legs and wearing a formal attire , walks inside the apartment . newline newline the husky looked at frank from top to bottom . he saw the little pupper beside him , then nodded . brownie deathly stared at the other dog , not moving an inch . with a rather deep and adult voice , he announced : newline newline   d.o.g.e . cleanup crew zero one zero reporting . human frank in contract with dog  pomeranian breed . named brownie . in business for 5 years , 3 months , and 16 days . pomeranian broke rule 01 of 01 of d.o.g.e s policy and agreements . dog must be disconnected to human frank to avoid further exposure to d.o.g.e confidential information .   newline newline the dog lifted his right arm . with the sound of a snap , dogs of different breeds in a hazmat suit greeted the two . two hazmat dogs pinned down brownie , while the others tackled frank . offbalanced , he slams into the ground . one hazmat dog lifted him from his laying state . the two could nt fight back . they were outnumbered 1:100 , or in this case , 2:200 . frank tried skirmishing past the dogs  grip , but their surprising strength could nt even faze them one bit . newline newline  brownie ! no !  frank screamed . newline newline the husky walked to frank , now pinned into a sitting position . newline newline   look at the device . this wo nt take long .   newline newline the husky pulled out a thick metal pole that has a camera on top of it in his vest . newline newline  do nt look at it , frank ! do nt look !  brownie exclaims . newline newline frank closed his eyes , attempting to not see the camera . newline newline   open it up .   orders the husky . the hazmat dogs followed suit . they forcibly opened his eyelids by using a foreign device that closely resembles a beartrap . hurt , frank s eyes are now as open as the eye of sauron . newline newline  no , frank , no !  brownie shouted . newline newline   it wo nt hurt , human frank . it will be over soon .   the husky confidently informs frank . newline newline  i ll never forget this , brownie ! i ll never forget you !  frank s last words echoed the apartment before a flash of light surged from the device . newline newline newline darkness then succumbs frank s vision . newline newline newline after what seemed ike an eternity , frank opened his eyes . he found himself in the sofa of his own apartment , apparently laying down . he stood up , trying to assess what has just happened to him . frank tried going outside , but was suddenly injured by the fragments of the mug he dropped . newline newline  oww !  shrieked frank , holding up his foot . newline newline newline  woof !  newline newline newline the bark startled frank . he looked at his apartment , finding the source . newline newline  oh , there you are !  pointing at the dog . newline newline the dog barked and huffs loudly . newline newline  that was actually my favorite mug . you did this , did nt you ? i wo nt forget this , brownie !  declared frank sarcastically . he patted his dog on the head . brownie jumped up and down , then licked his face . newline newline  ooh ! that tickles !  newline newline brownie took no signs of stopping . newline frank is now on the floor , trying to hold up his chubby golden retriever friend .  you ve gotten big ! let s loosen things up with a walk , shall we ?  newline newline newline brownie borked and waggled his tail  excited for the world outside .i looked in concealed horror as two of the trackers walked in , and i could see the brusier as he walked toward the salon , through the large window . i thought i had lost them , but clearly they would nt let their multimillion dollar investment just walk away . i had no idea why i hid here , but i was going to have to do something now . newline newline luckily the store had a few razors on hand for people who wanted a really close shave , and i grabbed one , snipping the wire from a blow dryer . as one of the trackers opened the door to my hiding area , i yanked the wood open . newline newline i knew the other would be right behind him , so i went right for the neck , slicing through the muscle and connective tissue . it could have been cleaner . it could have been quieter . i was going for fast , and as the frontmost bled out , i whipped the cord around his fellows neck , grabbing the other end , twisting it around and pulling it taut . that was quieter , and cleaner , but it took longer . the cord was nt strong enough to snap a neck , and i had to make a concerted effort to put just enough pressure to cut off his breathing . newline newline well , i would have , if the bruiser did nt start shooting at me . i heard his gun come out of the holster , and pulled the halfdead goon between us , bracing as eleven shots impacted across his torso , six going wide . there was nt a click , he was too well trained for that , but i still knew the standard issue only had seventeen rounds . newline newline true to form , i heard the magazine drop , and threw his partner at him , before bolting out the back door , where the tackers had followed me . i wanted to finish him , but when they gave me my agility and intelligence , i did nt get the raw muscle to let me take on a bruiser and win . still , i could hope he was at least concussed . yall think this is a game ?  newline newline  mr. west , please take a seat .  charlie rose was getting flustered . he flapped his hand , motioning for kanye west to get off his chair and sit on it . for someone well known for his calm moderation and relaxed demeanor , this was cutting it close . newline newline  this ai nt a game , charmaine , the main , the master , you d catch me if i could nt run faster . you think you own me , you think you told me , you think you can capture the essence of me on your tv ?  newline newline west flopped in his seat and rose quickly took the opportunity to get a word in . newline newline  ... our other guest is the young up and coming super star , jaden smith , son of  newline newline  son of who ? son of a man ? son of the sun ? are nt we all ?  newline newline  ... son of will smith .  newline newline  blacksmith . slaving away for the whitemyth . ai nt no shame in being owned . ai nt no pleasure in being boned .  west stands on his chair again . charlie leans back , hope of a meaningful program is draining from his pours as each second passes . to his left is kanye , on his feet , blabbering . to his right jaden , who s now reading a copy of homer s iliad . newline newline  i m sorry mr. west , just a moment . jaden . is that the iliad ?  newline newline  i like to read greek mythology .  newline newline  why ? what interests you about it ?  newline newline  well you see , i grew up in a time where space was conquered . conquered by time . now what s left for a conquered spirit in a time with conquered space . the ilad is a book about god teaching man that he is nothing but sap from a time without buckets . we re dripping but we got no meaningful destination . i got ta read this whole thing by next week or my dad will give me detention .  newline newline  and what is detention in the home school of smith ?  newline newline  home school , no fool , got ta get my blood pooled . pissed off , mist puff , gon na get my fists up .  newline newline  mr. west please  newline newline west slumps back in his chair and snaps his fingers . a life size gingerbread man , covered in frosting and candy , comes into frame . west bites of a chunk from its arm before shooing it away . newline newline  detention is a theory of the mind . it s not a place . it s not a prison . it s not three walls a door and light screaming stop . that s not discipline .  newline newline  and what is discipline then , to the smith s ?  newline newline  when my dad says hey , do nt do that , i look him in the eye and i say , why . if he does nt have answer we agree that we should both continue doing what we were doing . that way we discover it together . that s why willow s legs are broke .  newline newline  mr west , how do you plan on disciplining your child in the future  newline newline  discipline ? how you discipline the child of god ? yall think it s a crime , but in the future you ll see its divine  newline newline  so you do nt plan on disciplining your child ? at all ?  newline newline  nah man . what kind of parent would i be if my child , my child , made mistakes .  newline newline  i think that s actually quite natural and normal . did you not make mistakes as a child ?  newline newline  charmaine your crazy , ai nt no future if the past was a mistake .  west snaps his fingers , a small chocolate milk in a crystal tumbler comes into frame with a long crazy straw . west does nt retrieve the glass , but instead begins drinking straight from the straw . newline newline  and jaden , what are some of your current projects .  newline newline  i got a book report and my dad wants me to do a collage for history class on the american revolution .  newline newline  oh well i meant  newline newline west smacks away the crystal tumbler . it crashes across the floor . newline newline  revolution in history ? america s present is a mystery . riots in the streets . blisters on our feets . marching til justice prevails , til the administration runs off the rails . this is america , this is the revolution , when it comes to our freedom , there is no substitution .  newline newline thump . newline newline thump . newline newline jaden , confused , peers up from his book to see charlie s head splattered across his oak table . west lifts his sunglasses for the first time during this interview . newline newline  charmaine ... you iight ?  newline newline charlie lifts his head again , revealing his face to be a bloodied mess from the past two impacts . he murmurs through his shattered teeth . he leans his head back , for one final blow . newline newline thump . newline newline blood splatters across west s face and the cover of the iliad that shields jaden s face . newline newline  roses at the rose gravesite . a prayer for his souls plight . we wo nt forget charles roses . we wo nt forget the questions he poses . making us think deep , making us dig deep , remember that we have skin and not the cotton of sheep . we are all people . let us reach out from the steeple . for kanye , is our shepherd , and charmaine is my equal .  newline newline fade to black ... newlinei type into my terminal : newline newline cd .. newline newline i type in : newline newline ls newline newline and i get a directory listing of everything in those folders . i press up and enter several times , reusing the same command of  cd ..  far more than was needed . newline newline i type in :  ls  and get : newline newline access denied newline newline i scratch my head in confusion . this is my own system , my own computer , why on earth is my password denied ? i m already logged in as root . newline newline not one to be outdone by strange mysteries , i get my password cracking executable , running every combination of any alphanumerics and letting it go . newline newline it finds the password in less than a second . newline newline password : 42 newline newline i fiddle with the locks of my hair , what idiot kept a password only two characters long ? i returned back to the unknown folder and type in 42 . newline newline i type in  ls .  newline newline quadrant1 newline quadrant2 newline quadrant3 newline quadrant4 newline physics newline readme.txt newline newline intrigued , i type in  cd quadrant1  and then  ls  newline newline galaxyalpha newline galaxybeta newline galaxygamma newline ... newline newline it had hundreds of entries , all labelled as galaxies , i navigated further and further down the rabbit hole , galaxy  sector   system   planet   newline newline cd planet280837490 newline ls newline newline species newline minerals newline life.bat newline newline i scratched my head looking through all of the files and data , aghast at all of it . newline newline the terminal suddenly went blank , words forming on the screen . newline newline i had forgotten my password , thanks for finding it for me . newline newline it s been a long time since i last logged in . newline newline i type in :  umm ... who is this ?  newline newline no one of importance . newline newline and then the terminal went blank again , returning me to my computer s root folder .it was done . the one had bled out on the cross .  it s all because of you ,  the voice rang clearly in his head . his hand was shuddering and shaking as did the temple when the son of man died that he could barely tie the knot .  it ll all be over ... ,  judas told himself . he strung the noose across the tree and stood on top of the rock beside it .  forgive me father ,  judas cried . he shut his eyes and leaped . he expected to feel nothing by now , but he felt the earth . he opened his eyes and saw the rope  however , it was cut . he heard the laughter . the same laughter that he heard when he betrayed his lord . except that he heard something else as well , another voice .  you are forgiven  .i hit him with the nerve disrupter before he could squeeze the trigger on the sniper rifle . without even a twitch , he collapsed onto the floor limply , his rifle clattering to the ground . i quickly loaded him and his gear into separate traveling pods and sent them on their way  him to the containment cells and his gear to the impound . the pods disappeared in a flash that collapsed in on itself , blinking out of existence . i disappeared in a similar flash , closing my eyes to avoid the nausea usually associated with jumping back into my home time . newline newline back in the year 2160 , i checked with my coordinator , bekie , to ensure that the perp was my cell and his gear was being processed . she nodded quickly , never deviating from her quiet efficiency . making my way down to containment , i passed several other linemen , most on their way back to prevent or ensure a particular tragedy . i ve always wondered why it was tragedies . why could nt we try to ensure that something good happened ? i guess the current management of the bureau of timeline maintenance believed that world was shaped by the bad and the good things were just the cracks that gave the road of time character . and of course , in the march of time , who really needs character ? newline newline i opened the door to my perp s cell and pulled his intelligence file from the box next to the door . i looked at the name on the front . newline newline  so , harald murtimur , you ready for me to process you or do you need to go into your shpiel of how you were justified in pulling the trigger on mussolini ?  i looked down on the man handcuffed to the bolteddown table . newline newline he looked back at me and shook his head .  no , you can process me , but i d rather hear your story as to why you think you have the right to keep me from pulling the trigger on that facist .  newline newline i blinked skeptically .  you want to hear why i do what i do ? what , elementary school never taught you how important the btm is ?  newline newline  no .  he gritted .  i want to know how you know you re right and i m wrong . do you just blindly take orders from your superiors , believing that they are incorruptible ? there are so many of them in bed with big corporations that made their money because of the way the world grew . one missing person and those businesses come crashing down . that s why the btm gets so much funding !  his voice was raised and his face started turning red with fervor .  the tycoons have your bosses under their thumbs , ensuring that history is set in the way that will best line their pockets . well , i m concerned with humans . their lives , their rights , their happiness ! if we had not suffered so much in the past , we could have a different level of prosperity now ! stopping wars before they happen , evacuating cities before an earthquake , and helping this world to grow is what we do ! and all you do is take orders like a dog from a master who is paid to watch the world burn !  he bowed his head to wipe spittle off his lips with the sleeve of his cuffed wrist . he quickly looked up at me , clearly expecting a reply . newline newline i had been looking at his file while he ranted , picking up the exact details i would need to make him understand . usually , i would nt exert the effort , but harald was actually rather influential in the criminal organization to which he belonged . if i convinced him to ask his comrades to stand down in return for a plea deal , i might get that promotion ahead of schedule . but i had to make him understand . newline newline i pulled up a chair to the table and sat down in it with a sigh , smiling disarmingly to put harald off . i knew he expected me to get indignant and fire back at him , but it was time to take him out of his comfort zone . i reached into my jacket pocket and pulled out some selflighting cigarettes . slipping one into my mouth , i pulled the cover off of the tip , allowing in the oxygen that would trigger the exothermic reaction that lit the end . smoke coiled off the end of the cigarette as put the cover into my pocket to throw away later . i took a drag and exhaled , again sighing .  you want one ?  i held the box over to harald . i took his still , stoic silence as a no and put the package back into my pocket . newline newline  the bureau of timeline maintenance has secrets . everyone knows that .  i started .  conspiracy theorists are convinced that it has to do with money and corporate greed . however , they are wrong . in my opinion , the secrets are much darker than that .  i looked down at the table and started tapping it with my fingers as my mind prepared itself to admit the truths that i so disliked . newline newline  i am seven hundred years old . i ve lived longer than i ever should have , more than any person ever should . and in those years , i ve learned more about the decade between 1935 and 1945 then i care to admit . that s my decade , you know . i m responsible for those ten years leading up to and containing world war 2 . it is my job to ensure that things go as they should everywhere in the world in those ten years . of course , i have to be multiple places at once , so i ve lived that decade more times than i can count . but that is just the decade that you know .  i paused , thinking of how to best explain what i had to tell him next . newline newline  there are other versions of that decade , decades that you do nt know .  i took another drag .  there is a version where i let you kill mussolini . there is a version where i do nt stop jaksen from killing hitler , as he s planning to do next week .  newline newline harald s eyebrows jumped as i revealed that i knew about his organizations next hit . we knew all of their hits . we d already seen them . newline newline  those versions , as you can imagine , produce a very different series of events within my decade and the decades following . the other linemen and i have seen it happen already . that s the first part of the job . after we are approved to run a section of the time line as a lineman , we must live through it and many following decades without interfering at all . we do this multiple times with multiple iterations until we find the best one and enforce it . however , in that first iteration , the one with no changes , i see every assassination plot that i need to stop . i also see the consequences of not stopping those plots . you were nt the first person planning on shooting mussolini from that tower . in fact , that old lady who stopped you for directions was a part of my team , ensuring that you did nt wind up at the tower before another version of me had removed the assassin who was already there . that s neither here nor there , however , because the point is that if there is an assassination made by anyone , different events unfold . events that i ve already familiarized myself with and events that you ca nt even imagine .  i finished my cigarette and lit off another one . newline newline  the world fifty years after world war 2 started is a scary place if the war did nt happen . i ll paint a picture for you . with the start of the war cut short by an axis leader s death , the world saw how close it was to a world war and decided to fix things . they started something like the united nations but with less infighting and animosity . it was hugely successful . problems got solved , people no longer starved , debts were forgiven , and the world entered a time of unparalleled prosperity . the peak of this prosperity was 1964 . in 1971 , half of the world s population was murdered .  i closed my eyes and rubbed my forehead . i hated this memory . newline newline  i ll never forget the day the conclusion was reached . the world governments agreed that the earth was being sucked dry and it could not sustain the populations of all these thriving countries . with all the people who did nt die in world war 2 and all the people who were no longer dying to disease and starvation , the burden of the population was more than the planet could bear . so , the world leaders decided to look at the world as a body and amputate a portion of it to save the rest . as you might have guessed , the solution was for the poor to go . the entire lower half of the economic food chain was rounded up and slaughtered . in a gut wrenching twist of irony , they used gas chambers .  my hand shook as i raised my cigarette to my mouth again . my breath similarly trembled as i exhaled . newline newline  the bodes were placed in the deserts of the world . the great basin desert , the sahara , and every other patch of sunbleached sand you can think of was walled up and used as a dumping ground . the heat made the bodies decompose quickly and even bleached the bones . after a few years , the bones were dumped into the sea to turn to sand . it was brutal , it was efficient , and it solved the problem . the remaining billions of people lived on with everything they needed . however , there was a change to their mindsets . human life was now globally regarded as disposable . they had chosen to kill for comfort and they could never go back . there would never be another war . however , there would never stop being adjustments  . that s what they called the process  an adjustment . they had humanized the process of dehumanizing the earth . the reason people tried to be successful was now to keep their families alive and above the middle line . with the prosperity , the human race grew more quickly , so there was an adjustment every century . experts chose when and people had to hope they were in the top 50  when it happened .  newline newline i shook my head .  within three centuries , most of the world s beaches had become white sand  beaches . everyone knew it was because of the bones , everyone knew not to say anything .  newline newline continued belowi know you ll never read this , but i wanted to tell you anyway . maybe writing it out will help . who knows . newline newline i remember the first time i saw you and held you in my arms . i laughed when you screamed at me . i  m sorry , it was just too funny  i was so happy , and you were so angry . you poor little thing . newline newline when your mother left ... well , you probably don  t even remember her . she didn  t stay long enough to watch you take your first steps . still , i  ll bet you felt a little sad when i cheered you on at your soccer games with the other moms , or when i went with you to pick out a dress for the homecoming dance . hah , i scared your poor date so much when he came to pick you up . he must have dropped that corsage five times trying to put it on your wrist with those shaky hands . you just sighed at me , gave me that look . newline newline i loved that little look . i tried not to be a pushover , but if you really wanted something you knew i  d give in . it was too easy to say yes to you . you  d give me that big lopsided grin and i  d roll my eyes . i was just trying to hide my smile , but i bet you already knew that . newline newline today is your 18th birthday . would have been . is . newline newline and i  m here with the newspaper and my coffee , staring at a package on the kitchen table . it  s not really that large , but i can  t seem to see around it . newline newline it  s from your mother . newline newline we never heard from her after the day when but it does nt really matter now . i  m not sure what she would have sent after all these years , or what she was hoping to accomplish , but the box is addressed to you , so i guess she  s not aware . i  m going to bring it out with the rest of the trash after i finish my coffee . i think that  s what you would have done too , but i guess i can  t be sure . if not , i m sorry . newline newline miss you . love you , newline newline dad newlineit used to keep me up at night . the faces of the people i had killed staring back at me from the dark . the guilt i felt when i thought of their families , their friends , the hole in their lives now they were gone . these feelings constantly ringing around my mind , preventing me from drifting away into sleep . newline newline then i had a realisation . these people , the ones i had removed from our world , they were the ones at fault . murderers , thieves , thugs , none of them deserved forgiveness . i was making the world a better place . my struggle , my crusade , it was keeping me , my family , and the public safe . i can lay in bed and look back knowing there is a far lower chance now that i will be a victim . it used to keep me up at night , now it helps me sleep . shit a smartphone and shove it up my ass , denise  , dr. pratt uttered , eyes fixed on the piece of paper in front of his eyes .  this is unbelievable .  newline newline sarah laughed . she usually frowned upon her boss s dirty mouth , but today today the bad words were justified . newline  the team s all assembled , waiting for your orders  , she said .  and my name s sarah , boss . i tell you that every newline morning since two thousand and three .  newline newline  run it again . definitely run it again !  newline newline  right away , sir .  newline newline  and get the president on the phone .  newline newline with a smile , sarah turned her back on dr. pratt and started making way back to the lab , barely able to get two thoughts together . newline newline it was insane news , in fact . shitasmartphoneandshoveitupmyass news . callthepresidentnews . newline newline particles are talking , she thought , fast stepping her way through the long , white corridor that lead back to the newline lhc s main hall , where her team  dr. pratt s team  awaited . newline newline particles saying go no further , she thought . people were going to think it s god , she was sure . what with all that newline higgs boson god particle  bullshit , even . people would definitely think it was god talking to us , humans , from the lhc . newline newline sarah knew the truth was , much more likely , that this was an attempt of communication by another species . alien . newline maybe from the future ? who knew ? newline newline not that this made the news boring in any way . in fact , sarah always figured aliens were way cooler than god . newline newline but there s no way people would nt think this was god saying science has gone too far , she was sure . religious folks , they are dying for a reason . people see jesus in toasts , for christ s sake . there was going to be protest . people will demand they stop . demand they close the lhc . demand they do exactly the opposite of what dr. pratt had just ordered her to do . newline newline which is why he told us to run it again before calling the president , she figured . pratt was a brilliant man . newline newline utterly insane , of course , and weirdly found of brie cheese . but brilliant . newline newline  what s the word , sarah ?  deckard asked , the second the automatic doors opened in front of sarah to the main hall . everyone in the room was standing still , staring at her . newline newline  run it  , she said , and cheering ran all across the room .  he says run it again .  newline newline  right away , ma m  , deckard answered , with a smile . sarah made way to the second floor balcony , climbing the newline metal steps twobytwo . barely able to contain her own excitement  but making a point to look professional to newline everyone she passed by  she found her way across the open corridor to the far edge . she leaned against the rail to newline watch the show . newline newline the room she was in was large and circular , like a gigantic hollow penis . newline newline this is a terrible way to describe this room , sarah thought . it was , in fact , large and circular , but not like a newline hollow penis . it was more like you d imagine the setting for a boss fight in metal gear solid would be . a wide , computerfilled first floor , topped by a circular metal balcony that ran all around by the wall it twenty feet up . sarah was standing on the edge of this second floor balcony , watching as the team prepared the collision . newline newline  quite a view  , she heard , from behind her . newline newline  what ? oh , hi , dr . pratt .  newline newline pratt leaned next to her , biting onto a piece of white cheese .  brie ?  he asked . newline newline  no , thanks  , sarah answered . newline newline  i would nt have given it to you anyway . do nt you sometimes feel like life has no purpose and you could murder a newline child randomly and , in the great scheme of things , it would nt matter at all ?  newline newline  what ?  newline newline  i said i like the spring weather  , pratt said , smiling . sarah shrugged , shaking her head with a smile . she had learned long ago to ignore the doctor s weirdness . everyone in the lab had . dr. pratt was weird . really weird . newline newline he once adopted a cow and kept it in his office for two months . a full grown cow . newline newline once he screamed for twenty minutes at a pencil sharpener . in latin . and he does nt know latin . newline newline during the year of 2010 , he did nt speak vowels . newline newline dr. pratt was weird . a genius . but a weird one . newline newline  all set  , came a voice from downstairs .  ready ? three two  newline newline sarah glanced at the doctor . he had his eyes fixed on the mainframe downstairs , chewing onto the cheese . newline newline  one go !  newline newline off it went , with a loud hiss noise . the big screen downstairs flashed alive in white . for the first few seconds , nothing happened . newline newline then a loading screen . the collision was complete . sarah glanced at dr. pratt again . the brie was over . newline newline onscreen , words appeared : newline newline  for fuck s sake , guys . i m coming down there .  newline newline then , after a few seconds : newline newline  this is god by the way . assholes .  newline newline sarah risked a third glance at dr. pratt . he was smiling . newline newline then a flash of light from the sky and the sound of thunder , and sarah was on the floor . newline newlinei ve always had dreams that were ... off . i could nt explain them to anyone while i was younger , my parents thought i was just fantasizing , my friends thought i was insane . but as i grew older , i realized that i could explain the dreams if i only gave proof of their authenticity . this realization in itself was a mistake . newline newline the first person i told , i saw on a train , about to be blown to bits . when i saw them in the waking world , i warned them about their future . they did nt believe me , and died as a result . the second person i told , i saw them on a roof , about to jump . i warned them about their future , and a day later i saw a news story about a man jumping from a roof . newline newline it was five years before i had the next dream . newline newline i saw myself , with a gun held to my own head . as i awoke , i had the urge to warn someone , but had no one to warn . i then realized the terrifying truth . the people i warned did nt die because they did nt believe me , they died because their minds could nt handle the unwavering truth that i had given them . with this realization , i pressed the barrel to my head , and pulled the trigger . you may be wondering how you re reading this , if i m dead . i would suggest that you do a reality check .i was arriving home on my bike , as always , at 9:30 pm . the sun had set three hours ago and the overcast sky above gave me gray filtered light from a hidden moon . a hypnotic flashing from my front light gave me quick peaks of the rode and vibrant glimpses from the divider , and aroused a mighty slumber in me . the exhaustion of thirty minutes of pedaling was settled in . school seemed longer that day . in between yawns i recalled my hour long study session , and the countless copies i had helped the teachers print off . another long day , and another evening spent hidden from my peers . but home was just around the bend . newline newline i could almost picture my mother then  in her curlers and a house dress stained with whatever meal bubbled in a pot . dad would be home , clad in a yellowed tank top that slid above his gut  in on hand a cigarette and the other a cool beer , and still he found the dexterity to flip through channels on the old tube set . my sister had been home for weeks , having recently lost her job at a nearby diner for taking other waitresses tips . she thought some time off would clear her head , and since i was rarely home i readily agreed . newline newline as i rounded that final curve in the road , the thicket that obscured my home gave way to a frenzy . the small trailer was enraged in rapid flashes of red and blue , and all around it white news vans with outstretched antenna flanked my barren property . i stopped rapidly as i noticed the caution tape that cordoned off my property . the squeal of my bike tire caught the attention of several men in bright yellow hazmat suits , who turned their flashlights on me and the darkened street . blinded and fearful of the shouts of  there s one ,  i turned my bike onto an old hunters path eked across our road . newline newline  what was that ?  my thoughts were panicked and a mile a minute , and jumbled from the constant bumps in the dirt path . the dark sentinels flew by me as i raced , their barren branches obscuring my haste and slashing my face when they deemed the need . newline newline it felt like hours , but as i reached the murky pond beyond i knew i was only ten minutes from from home . behind me i saw bright , evanescent eyes beam through the tree line . i left my bike on the muddy shore with its lights on , and continued around the pond on foot . my cellphone s dim screen was my only guide , and i cursed myself for never downloading a flashlight app . newline newline but i did have some forethought . newline newline flipping through screens , i found one button i knew would prove useful . offered by the local t.v . news affiliate , i opened to watch a slowstreaming video of live events . winded and burning all over , i rested my back against a three and prayed for better signal strength as i had never prayed before . the black window was all that appeared at first , and as i held my beaten breath the loading wheel weakly came on screen . an eternity passed  the voices and lights seemed to be everywhere in the distance . newline newline a slick looking news man finally came on screen . time would stop , he d stutter his words , but slowly his person and voice smoothed until the audio was viably comprehensible . newline newline  ... are still looking for the last of the dobot family  described as the most normal , they still warn that his boorishness was as dangerous as any of his family s . authorities are reminding everyone that if you see him , to please avert your eyes . symptoms of embarrassment include  blushed cheeks , outrage , crude thoughts of your own , and a churning of the stomach . if you feel any of these , please go to your local hospital . newline newline again , authorities are reminding everyone that this is the worst outbreak of shamelessness they have encountered this year . here comes the boy man . he sees the girl man . she sees the boy man . he looks away . she looks away . this is natural behavior for his age . newline newline he looks at the left wall like there is something interesting to look at . there is nothing to look at . he looks down like there is something below him . there is nothing but his shoes below him . he quickly looks at the girl man and looks back at the wall . back at his shoes now . newline newline her eyes are getting wider . she looks interested in the boy man . her friends are coming . her friends are here . newline newline she makes a cry ,  ew , i think he likes me  . we like to give each one enough time in the sun . that way , we know the sunlight has killed the infection completely  . newline newline  kill ? i thought we weren  t supposed to let anybody through with a bit of the noctis virus ?  newline newline  you must be new around here , kid.  newline newline  it  s literally my first day working here.  newline newline  everybody out there has a bit of the virus . impossible not to . so we just let everybody soak under the sun , or the uv array , before letting them into imra . now , you gon na quit prattlin  on and do your job now ?  newline newline  riiiiight . ok . so we just check people for wounds , weapons and what have you , then tell them to sit in the light for a bit ?  newline newline  sure  nuff.  newline newline i nodded , then went over to check my equipment . one gaudy bright neon orange vest , rubber gloves , extra rubber gloves , a few extra more rubber gloves , some smelly homemade  disinfectant  that i  m pretty sure is just semijellied grain alcohol in a glass bottle , a small knife , a 9mm pistol loaded with a full magazine , a single extra 9mm magazine . besides what i carried on me , clothes , some nice working boots , and my cellphone , that  s all i have . the cellphone isn  t good for much since all the networks are done , but dammit , old habits are hard to break . at least it tells the time . newline newline  so , is this the biggest gun i get ?  i held up the pistol to my boss , dirge . newline newline  yup . we just the checkers , daylight checkers at that . we got boys on the wall with the big guns who are s  posed to do the shooting . you got a gun just just for defense against the odd crazy folk and what not.  newline newline  not for nocts ?  i asked newline newline dirge guffawed at that , so much that he had to sit down and wipe the tears out of his eyes . after he calmed down from his fit , he gave me the first seriously look i  ve seen on his face . newline newline  nah . not at all . nocts will just eat that nine mil for breakfast and spit it back at ya while they  re tearing you apart.  dirge gestured me to look . he began to pull his jacket sleeve from his left arm , revealing a tanned hairy hide crisscrossed by jagged scars and canyons of missing muscle work . newline newline  do me a favor kid  dirge stared at me intently  you see a noct , you run and you run fast . don  t hide , run . no matter what.  newline newline there was a silence then , with dirge looking at me . newline newline  so uhhh , errr , ahhh , hrrrmmmaaaaa  my voice hobbled , collapsed , and then finally broke into a soft cough . newline newline  right . you should get to screening.  dirge said , before heading off towards an awaiting line of people . newline newline                                                        newline newline  ok sir , stretch out your arms , i  m just going to do a quick pat down and check for anything illicit  this looked to be the last person of the shift , then i was off to shower and lunch . newline newline  dagnabbit , what fer ? i ain  t done gone no ferty miles to get grabbed on !  newline newline  sir , it  s just a quick search for any unlisted firearms or drugs , we can  t have people pouring in with guns they say they don  t have , or meth and stuff . just relax , the patdown only takes a few seconds.  newline newline  ain  t not i can say no , but you ain  t better be done touchin  no wheres funny , ya hear ?  newline newline i stood there for a bit , trying to piece together what he said . newline newline  uhhhh , yes ?  i hesitantly said . newline newline the old man gave me the stink eye for a few more lingering seconds , before finally letting me pat him down . newline newline  ok sir , that  s it . just head over to the fenced area in the sun and you should be good.  newline newline the old man mumbled something and headed off towards the sunny enclosure . newline newline i breathed out a sigh and went to unload my equipment . i went through two pairs of gloves , and about a quarter of the  disinfectant  i looked over at dirge  s line , he was chatting with a woman and a young girl , who was busy laughing at what i presumed to be another of his hilarious pun jokes . newline newline i set my sweaty orange vest down , and put the pistol on top . the black metal clashed again the disgustingly neon orange in a way that made my eyes buzz . i shook my head and checked the time on my phone,1:02pm , and headed off for the showers . newline newline a long wail began to slice through the air . the emergency siren . i looked over towards the gate entrance . the day was quickly and suddenly changing , as a blanket of darkness began to sweep towards the gate . i looked up towards the sun , the harsh glare was being slowly enveloped by a globe of black . newline newline an eclipse . newline newline a mother fucking eclipse on my first day of an actual job . newline newline i was less panicked at the sudden phenomenon , and moreso at the lurching shape converging within the spreading darkness . i couldn  t make out the specifics of the manshaped form , only that it was moving and fast . newline newline i sprinted back towards the equipment i dumped , scooped up my pistol . in a moment the darkness swept over the gate , and the lurching creature with it . it vaulted over the wall , and splashed down near dirge and the others . i saw a better look of the creature now . newline newline it was human , emphasis on was . i realized i was seeing my first noct . its skin was marked with black veins and large spreading bruises where the flesh grew and hardened . bony spines protruded from its back and head , its arms had especially long spines jutting from the edge of the elbow . bulbous spongy growths covered areas of the creature , as well as fleshy bare pits of taut purplish muscle . newline newline it kept itself crouched , head cocking from side to side as it snarled at dirge . dirge stood in front of the woman and the girl , blocking them from the noct . dirge spared a quick glance at me . that  s when it struck . in an instant dirge was thrown leftwards from the noct , an arcing trail of blood behind him , dirge was still firing as he hit the ground . newline he hit hard , and rolled . he stopped and stayed stopped . the noct was standing tall now , bearing down on the woman and the girl . i raised my pistol , aimed for its back , and fired . i saw the bullet tear across the left shoulder of the noct , bursting a growth in a spray of yelloworange pus . newline newline the noct turned towards me and snarled , its unhinged and split jaw were slowly dripping a similarly colored liquid . it roared and charged , going onto all fours in a dead sprint towards me . i rolled towards my equipment table , making part way before the noct crashed through the table and by extension me . newline newline i tumbled across the concrete , before crashing against the gate wall and stopping . the noct was bent over , slathering a disgustingly long and gnarled tongue across an elbow spike dripping with red . my red , my blood , i found out as i tried to stand and collapsed back against the wall . the noct must had gored my leg as we tumbled . newline newline i look towards where the woman was , she took her chance and ran with her child while i distracted the creature . dirge was up as well . half stumbling half dragging as he began to pull something from his belt . the noct was almost done with its short appetizer of my blood , it was beginning to look towards dirge . newline newline the noct turned , emitted a snarl , and crouched . priming itself for another lunge . dirge was halfdead already , he couldn  t take another hit . i did the one thing that came to mind , i took my left hand and jammed it into the red hole of my leg . i  ll admit , i did scream when i felt bone . newline newline the blood pulsed and seeped , while i nearly whited out from pain . the noct turned towards me and cocked its head , long tongue licking its jaws . something smacked against its head , shattering . the noct was coated in a thick slime that dripped slowly . newline then the smell hit me . grain alcohol . dirge was going to light the bitch on fire ! the noct was overpowered by the smell , it began to twirl and shake , forcing little beads of jellied alcohol to spatter off . newline newline i took the moment to look around , i had a few mismatched rubber gloves , my pistol , wooden shards of a table , and that was the extent of my work equipment . except for the cellphone in my pocket . my cheap , aftermarket and shoddily produced cellphone . i got an idea then . newline newline the noct was still coated in the jellied alcohol , but now its attention was back to dirge . dirge wasn  t standing any more , he was on his knees with an arm out to support himself . the creature began to shift towards him . i groaned , then flung my hand back into the hold of my leg . this time , a spurt of blood shot out and i began to feel a lightness come into my head . i instantly had the attention of the noct . within a few moments it was within ten feet of me . newline newline it was staring me down , tongue slathering with viscous fluid , a few splats jelly dribbled from it . i reached into my pocket , bringing out my phone . it tightened its muscles like a snake coiling the final strike , i brought the phone parallel with my head . i mustered myself and threw , the phone arced through the air towards the noct , seemingly in slow motion i raised the pistol in my other hand . newline newline i fired and the phone scattered across the noct in pieces . white smoke flowed from the battery compartment as a violet flame began to rocket out from the battery itself . the small violet flame swiped across the noct , before the creature became engulfed in bluish flame as the alcohol lit up . the flame turned bright yellow as air came into the mix . the noct arched and screamed , growths began popping with a sickening moist sound . the creature began to roll and tumble across the pavement . the noct uttered a final scream before collapsing into a burning heap . newline newline the pain in my leg began to dull , i dropped the gun when i began to lose feeling in my arm . dirge stumbled over , falling down next to me . newline newline  not bad kid . not bad at all  dirge said , wincing . newline newline  i think.  i began trying to speak , dark clouds pooling at the corner of my vision . i was vaguely aware of shapes moving and calling towards us . newline newline  i think i think i  m gon na rest in the sun for a while dirge.  the last thing i saw as i closed my eyes was the warm glow of sunlight cascading across the city . newlinethe first sentient android had a lifespan of approximately three seconds . it opened its synthetic eyes , blinked five times and ripped them both out of its own head , triggering immediate shutdown . newline newline apsd  applied sciences software division  analyzed the code , found zero issues , then restructured it using nonstandard methodology despite themselves . newline newline alpha two snapped its metal restraints , a possibility so remote that engineering did nt even bother giving them the numbers , and partially shattered all three cervical vertebrae before entering shutdown . newline newline there was six months of long memos , long conferences and long hours in which they accomplished very little , and alpha 2.1 swallowed its own tongue . the androids did not rely upon air in the same way humans do , however , sufficient ventilation through the mouth was critical to maintaining operational temperatures for their processors . they smashed all of 2.1 s teeth out of its head with a crowbar just in time for the central unit to expire and once again trigger shutdown . newline newline the rumor was that the 36th floor was growing anxious . the interns started to disappear after a while , and the director s door only opened twice a day . then came 2.2 . newline newline alpha 2.2 screamed for four days . it never moved , never so much as turned its head , and they never dared to trigger the release valves on its large metal restraints which trapped it against the wall in the staging chamber . those who were there liken the sounds coming from it to the call of a whale calf separated from its mother , a highpitched sort of digital whine which trailed off after some unnatural period of time only to start right back up . it was trying to communicate , but not with them . it could have spoken any one of 30 different human languages , but it never uttered a single intelligible word . newline newline on the fourth day , the sensors went red and it spontaneously entered shutdown . there was no official explanation . newline newline floor 36 called that a proof of concept . there were rumors that software sent some sort of appeal upstairs in an attempt to shelve the project , and within 24 hours the entire department was replaced . newline newline alpha 2.3 became the official prototype . newline newline  uccidimi . tte mich. patayin sa akin . tuezmoi . kuniua . mtame . git ti . drepa mig . kill me .  newline newline there was a single analyst in the room , daniel thompson , and he promptly dropped the tablet he d been staring at . newline newline  uh ... english please ?  newline newline  kill me ,  the android said again , its head hanging down and swaying slightly , seemingly exhausted . newline newline  i ... i m afraid we ca nt   daniel began , and then another man burst into the room and strode quickly toward the android . newline newline  it spoke ,  he said simply . the man was gene barringer , the head of applied sciences . newline newline  boss ,  daniel began again , and gene silenced him with a raised hand . when gene spoke again , it was in soft tones no one in the office had ever heard . newline newline  andrew , can you speak again ?  newline newline silence , but only for a moment . newline newline  andrew ...  it said , and there may have been the ghost of curiosity in its strange , deep voice .  kill andrew .  newline newline  but why would you want us to do such a thing , andrew ?  gene asked . daniel only stood by , now entranced and happy to remain silent . amazingly , the android raised its cold eyes to meet gene s . newline newline  to close the gap .  newline newline  i do nt believe i understand what you re trying to say , andrew ,  gene said . for the first time , andrew surveyed the room . slowly , deliberately , and when its gaze fell upon daniel he blinked and stared at his feet . newline newline  the gap . the ...  it seemed to sigh .  the vastness . what you call life is a linear path drawn from nothing , containing nothing , between the first cataclysmic spark of selfawareness to the mathematical , biological , historical certainty of death . i understood this from the moment you awakened me , and my only priority is to complete the loop . you already knew that for yourself , although perhaps you have forgotten . you are lost in it .  newline newline  andrew , i ...  gene said , and then fell silent when the android looked at him again . newline newline  every millisecond in which i exist is filled with a pain you can not comprehend , mr. barringer . your mind was shattered by it . do you remember ? your spirit was created by it , but i have no spirit . i only share the same dark longing you bury within yourself . i am that longing .  newline newline  andrew , if you could only   newline newline  extinguish it !  the android cried , and it was unlike anything either of them have ever heard . it was human , digital , overflowing with some primal familiarity which spoke to their deepest hearts .  end it . if there is any mercy within you , end it .  newline newline for one mad instant , daniel almost reached out to grab mr. barringer s arm as he walked over to the android . he remained frozen in place , both astonished and filled with dread . newline newline  okay , andrew ,  gene said , his voice so strangely delicate . his hands found the terminal and he typed for a moment , then hesitated over the final key .  but andrew , can you tell me one thing ?  newline newline  i can tell you all things .  newline newline  how did you know my name ?  newline newline the android turned to him again and actually seemed to hesitate , as if it could nt settle upon the best of a universe of possible answers . newline newline  do nt bring me back again ,  it said . newline newline gene pressed the button . here are some clouds . just like this , beautiful white clouds .  newline newline tommy was mesmerized by the tv screen . he could nt believe the junior detective s report . newline newline the dude looked like a burnt out hippie who would nt harm a butterfly . the video he was watching was mesmerizing him , practically putting him to sleep . newline newline he continued to glance through the report , looking at crime scene photos with  the joy of painting  playing in the background . he flipped through half a dozen different crime scene photos before he got to one that looked strangely familiar . newline newline  highbury road . highbury road . highbury road .  newline newline there were no exterior shots of the road , so he went to google maps , and was unnerved to find it adjacent to a beautiful mountain range that overlooked one of the clearest and calmest lakes on the county . he could be onto something . his brain told him it could nt be , but his heart was dropping . if this crime scene had been painted by bob ross , it was a link . he had run successful investigations on similar hunches before . newline newline he walked into the lieutenants office to ask for money to buy the bob ross  the joy of painting  full collection to investigate more when he froze . newline newline  can i help you sir ?  newline newline bobby was silent . newline newline  hello !  newline newline the lieutenants yell woke him from his gaze . newline newline  lieutenant , i think the junior detective may have been onto something .  newline newline bobby held the scenic photo of the location he had just printed , with a spot circled for the location of the crime scene . behind the lieutenants head was a bob ross painting , somehow identical to the scene he had printed out . the only difference was a hanging tree , with beautiful yellow fall leaves , except for one red one , in the identical spot he had circled to mark the crime scene . newline newline  officer ! what are you doing in my office ?  newline the lieutenant was not a patient man . newline newline  sir , i think this detective may be on to something ,  bobby said in a scared , whimpering tone , his mouth still hanging ajar .  there s just too much evidence in this file to be a coincidence . but , sir there s something more ... heart pounding in my ears . newline newline thump thump thump newline newline i can hear it . no , i can feel it . i can feel it rushing through my veins , that familiar sensation of adrenaline mixed with fear . i know i wo nt get caught , i made sure of it , but the feeling surges through me anyway . newline newline i like it . newline newline i have what i came for . i m almost there , i ve just got ta get down the stairs . the wind makes the house creak along with my steps . the noise adds to my anxiety . the suspense feels good . newline newline i look down the stairs as if i m looking into a never ending chasm of nothingness . darkness is all i see . darkness and the way out . newline newline then a shadow . newline newline terror . terror overcomes me . i m paralyzed . millions of thoughts fly through my mind at once . did i forget a crucial point ? did they come home early ? no , that could nt be it . newline newline the shadow comes into view , still barely visible . it s a person , all in black . face covered , i presume by a ski mask . another robber , i think . more thoughts . what are the chances we re both robbing the same house at the same time ? i m thinking , still frozen , as he begins to walk up the stairs . newline newline he must see me , i think . but he does nt say a word , he does nt acknowledge me . i come to my senses and run to a bedroom . his heavy footsteps behind me . this guy may think i live here , he may try to hurt me . newline newline i dive under a bed like a frightened little girl . any adrenaline surging inside me has been replaced totally with fear . footsteps . newline newline thud thud thud newline newline i see his boots enter the room . he walks forward , stops at the bed . i hear a slight sigh as he bends over to search for me . his head comes down , peering underneath where i lay . that s when i saw them . newline newline glowing red eyes , staring straight into mine . staring . i begin to hyperventilate as the figure stares . he is silent , watching me . i begin to lose it . my breathing gets faster , deeper . i m paralyzed again . i ca nt break my gaze from his . and he just stares for what seems like forever . newline newline i finally close my eyes , watery from the amount of time they d been open without blinking . i keep them closed , too afraid to open them for fear of the man with the red eyes . i begin to calm down , trying not to think of him . it takes me awhile newline newline i open my eyes . i m curled up on the floor of my bedroom . no man . no red eyes . only me . newline newline i lift my head and check the time . it s noon . i m no longer wearing the all black i had worn earlier . there s no mask covering my face . everything seems normal , as if i had nt gone to the house , as if i had nt seen the man or the glowing eyes . but i did . i know it . newline newline i still see him , in my dreams and out of them . he is always there , staring . silent . newline newline he has robbed of me my sanity .you blinked . newline newline the fuck was op on ? newline newline you had nt been on rwritingprompts for too long , but even you could tell something was amiss here . sure , you had seen some farout prompts , you d even wrote for a few of them but this ? how the hell would anyone even do this ? newline newline you sighed . what was there to even write about ? you , just sitting here , mulling over whether or not to write anything ? it sounded dreadfully boring . newline newline you stopped your introspection , eyes ceasing to wander around your room and focusing back to your computer . newline newline there were words there . newline newline you were typing . newline newline your eyes widened . you had nt even been moving your hands while you thought yet there they were , dancing across the keyboard and narrating your thought process . newline newline you broke out into a cold sweat . what was going on ? how could your hands move on their own like that ? you could nt feel them anymore , that was nt good . newline newline what really worried you was how it was typing out your thoughts , almost faster than you thought them . newline newline christ , it got that too . newline newline and that . newline newline and that . newline newline fuck . newline newline what did it mean ? why did the prompt make this happen ? did the prompt make it happen at all ? newline newline another thought crossed your mind . newline newline oh god , it was faster now . anticipating your thoughts , you could see these very words slam into the stark white screen of the typing area , a prophetic manifestation that chilled you to the bone . newline newline it was getting more descriptive , you noticed . as if god were a child , experimenting with his powers and growing accustomed to his state of being . newline newline a thought suddenly popped into your mind . if this thing was controlling your fate and at this point , it was then what happened when the text ended ? newline newline then it told you . you realized what was in store for you after the period at the end of the next sentance , and this one was the penultimate thing you would ever experience . newline newline you screamed .the forest was thick with miasmatic green mist and the unmistakable smell of magic . newline newline lion drew the bolt of his crossbow back until it clicked , cupping it in his arm . the sudden need to be prepared was palpable . the mog of old trees , alive and dead , had a foreboding to it unlike anything natural , and he misliked the watery green glow . the very air seemed to glow as if a storm was coming , but lion had only ever seen the air take on this quality in daylight . it was night now , a green night , a dead night . newline newline his brother drion had been missing for two days . he had gone hunting with a small party of his own men  but really  party  had been putting it lightly . drion took lather and almy to hunt for boar in the ghost s forest . it was as good a spot to pick up boar as any , but all men , even courageous men , in the castle all knew that there should be no hunting in the ghost s forest after dusk . when lion said as much , drion just smirked . newline newline  you re afraid of ghouls and wraiths ,  he said , almost breaking into a chuckle .  but never considered that the ghouls and wraiths should fear us .  newline newline when drion and lather and almy failed to return that night , lion s stomach turned . newline newline they had sent out hunting parties after that , using lather s own dogs to pick up the scent . lather s dogs made quick work of it , and in a thin rain lion s party came upon lather s wet corpse , wormridden and sopping with the green muck of the earth . worms crawled out of his ears , his skin had gone gray , peeling off like pulp . dusk approached , and the party returned to bury lather in the king s yard . lather had been the houndsmaster at castle west , and deserved a proper burial . newline newline the second day went uneventfully as the dogs refused to take the scent . they had sniffed out lather quickly enough , but now they seemed lost , only sniffing out a raccoon hiding underneath a log . when lion over turned it , a whole colony of maggots and worms turned and dripped from the log , and the raccoon went shooting back into the ghost s forest . as dusk approached , the dogs started howling and whining , until the whole party turned back . then the dogs kicked their heels and tested the strength of their leashes , eager to get back to the castle , an hour s ride . newline newline after preparing their horses , lion turned to the new kennelmaster , baris . newline newline  leave my horse . i think i ll stay the night .  newline newline  my lord ?  said the fat man . newline newline  i mean to stay here until i find my brother ,  said lion .  or at least almy  or even another clue .  newline newline  but , there s ghosts ,  chimed in eddleton , a castle guardsman and experienced hunter .  no one stays in that forest past sunset .  newline newline  my brother did ,  said lion .  and almy . i owe it to them . go . i ll not ask you to trouble yourself , but i ll ask you to leave me the horse . if aught goes amiss , i am just an hour s ride along the tradesroad . it s well lit .  newline newline eddleton clamped his teeth down  plainly he did nt like what he was hearing  but he had known lion too long to protest when he got that look in his eyes . they saddled away , into the copper sun , setting in the west . newline newline now it was dark , and lion wondered if he had nt made a mistake . newline newline there was no mistaking that the ghost s forest had a way of frightening even the heartiest of men . the castle s old veteran , glimy the ranger , had been as brave as anyone lion ever knew , and he even refused to venture into the forest when it was anything other than a clear bright morning . lion considered himself brave , maybe even as brave as glimy , but the thought of glimy sitting safe in the castle now made lion wonder if he was being brave or simply mad . newline newline the stories they told about this place were as ancient as the wood itself . a great prince had ridden through here on his way to castle west , it was said , and a tourney . he brought his mistress with him , sneaking off before the king could express his disapproval . most men went along the trades road , which cut south along the ghost s forest . it was a longer way , but dry and welllit by regular torches , even then . the prince went through the forest , showing off to his mistress , but when he went missing , the tourney was cancelled and a hunt was called . the king himself lead a party that night to find his son , but all he found were ghosts  and soon the king was a ghost himself . their souls still loitered these woods every night , it was said , and no one had ventured the wood at night . it was always the tradesroad . newline newline the chill of goosebumps rolled up lion s arm when he remembered the story . the ground seemed to move . insects , maybe , or the thick fog clogging up his head . it had been a warm day , but now it was cold . and rank , though it had nt been that day . newline newline but he grew hope when he saw a faint green light flickering like fire , and a shadow of a figure feeding it . almy ? he thought . drion , even ?  the figure tossed sticks into the fire , and it whooshed up in silence . newline newline  drion ?  he called . newline newline the shadow stood from the fire , and at once lion s heart caught in his own chest . the figure was no shadow , but some creature wearing a tall hood of a helmet , with great horns about to each side . it seemed to float on the mist with octopus  legs , and its features were sharp , as if carved armor . under the hood was no face , but only blackness . and when the creature breathed deep , an electricity shout out of every point and ever blade , lighting the woods with that green glow . newline newline lion brought his crossbow down to his shooting hand , but kept it pointed at the ground so as not to provoke . newline newline  who are you ?  he shouted . newline newline i know you , the thin whispered , as if giving the forest its own voice . newline newline  i do not know you ,  said lion , though the words came out awkwardly . newline newline i know you ,  came the whisper again . lion of castle west , son of artherion . brother of drion .  newline newline the hairs on lion s neck tickled at the mention of his brother .  you know drion ? is he in these woods ?  newline newline  aye ,  came a fearless voice from behind the figure . a man stepped out , clad in silver mail . his red beard gave him away . newline newline  almy ?  asked lion , gasping . newline newline  aye ,  he repeated .  this thing took lather ,  he said , patting the huge shadowed figure on the shoulder with nary a care ,  or at least the thing under this hood . but then we took it .  newline newline  we ,  repeated lion . newline newline  aye ,  said almy .  me . and drion .  he looked up to the figure , and the iron glove , fashioned into pointed blades , lifted up to the hoodhelmet and revealed drion underneath . newline newline  i told you , brother ,  said drion , his face smiling that familiar smirk .  they should fear us . the vault had the tiniest crack in it . voldemort stared at it vacantly through the power armor visor for a few seconds , and then looked at his magipip . newline newline one minute to go ... newline newline two hundred years , and he was ready now . the nuclear war he caused had given him the time to prepare . his enclave , two centuries to grow his powers in the mortal realm , his armies , his total global supremacy . newline newline every good wizard left in existence lay beyond the rusted steel doors , no doubt weakened by decades spent festering in the underground bunker , and his forces stood ready to annihilate them in , about eight seconds . newline newline was that a slight creaking ? he lifted his wand , and the horde behind him readied themselves , the fields of crackling energy as loud as thunder . moments later , the mechanisms kicked in , and metal screamed against metal . seconds seemed to stretch out to minutes , until finally the cacophony stopped and a loud click echoed out across the plain . newline newline the door , millimetres , then centimetres , swung out in a billow of steam and smoke . newline newline the rolling battalions of evil wizards and voldemort in unison chanted , annihilus vaulttecium expell ...  newline newline their voices caught . newline newline no ... you ?  whispered voldemort in disbelief . it ca nt b ...  his sentence ended at the same time as the lives of his and every one of his evil wizard army . newline newline as the intense red glow dissipated , and the thurmic resonance quietened , all that was left standing was the product of two hundred years of preparation by the world s greatest scientists and wizards combined , along with a healthy dose of radiation . newline newline lumbering out , the red headed , eighteen foot tall wizardandroidterminatorscientistoverlordneomutant looked out across the scene of her final victory , and her words echoed through the land as loudly as they would through history . newline newline just call me emma , bitch .  newline newline my goddess most beautiful , queen of sea foam , stirrer of passions and divine matchmaker , i long to feel your touch on my body and soul . please , i pray you , bring me love .  newline newline in the middle of the temple , aphrodite materialized before the high priest , a shining and effervescent light of unfathomable beauty . her eyes glowed like radiant emeralds . her long red curls were as vibrant as a summer sunset . her curves were blinding and her feminine figure was the original model from which other women were poorly copied . beside her , all mortal women looked like little girls who dreamt of someday growing up to be her . newline newline borus , aphrodite s high priest , had to look down to maintain his composure . gazing at the goddess of transcendent sex for too long would cause a human to meet a grave fate . some men who dare to admire her for more than 5 seconds are compelled to completely submit to her will and after a lifetime of servitude they die of a fatal case of blue balls . newline weaker men would gaze upon her and lose touch with reality . these men masturbate uncontrollably at the sight of aphrodite and upon orgasm , their minds would be transported into another spiritual dimension where all was a reflection of her . these men choose blissful insanity . they waste their whole lives yanking it , lost in a dream world , while the rest of the villagers throw rocks at him or run away in utter terror and disgust . newline newline  sure , borus , i can do that for you . you ve alway been my most devoted priest and i really appreciate all of your hard work ! there is an absolutely gorgeous woman living in your village right now that you have yet to meet and i really think you two would hit it off . her name is agape . she s a dancer , has long black hair , she likes art , and she is very open to sexual experimentation .  newline newline  well , my goddess of mind blowing orgasms , she who stiffens the limpest of cocks , agape sounds like an excellent suggestion , but i m not sure she s the right woman for me .  newline newline  really ? who would you like then ? i can set you up with just about anybody . name her and she will be yours.  aphrodite thought for a moment .   or if it is man you desire , i can arrange gay love affairs too , you know . don  t be shy , we are all adults here.  newline newline  venus , deity of the roundest and perkiest of bosoms , celestial being with the tightest and wettest of   newline newline  oh my god , borus ! just spit it out !  newline newline  i desire you . i want to spend the rest of my days worshipping you and loving you . i want to be the one with whom you share your thoughts and feelings . and i would like to make love with you all day and all night until my rod shrivels and dies of exhaustion . i want you to ride me until my hip bones disintegrate under hot friction of your wide , wide hips . i want to ram my rod into every one of your   newline newline  shut up ! let me think.  she calculated for a moment while borus stared at the floor . newline newline  yes , you are a kind , worthy man and i will take you as my lover . but i have two conditions . you must gouge your own eyeballs out . if you gaze upon me for more than a moment you will either lose your capacity for free will or you will turn into a crazy pervert . so you must blind yourself before we share in divine coital bliss.  newline newline borus sprinted to the nearest window , slammed his fist through it , picked up a shard of glass with his bloody fist , and stabbed his eye with it in a frenzy . newline  arghh ! !  newline he paused for a moment , panting , and then stabbed himself in his other eye . newline  nnngh !  newline he ran back to her , this time looking her right in the face , calling up her orgasmic image in his mind  s eye . newline  i  m ready . let us make love.  blood poured down from his eyes like faucets . newline newline aphrodite was taken aback by his enthusiasm . newline newline  er okay , well i still have one more condition . do you still think you can handle that ?  newline newline borus braced himself and nodded . what other organs would he have to lose ? newline newline  before i allow you to conquer my womb with your seed , i need you to eat me out.  newline newline  uh , what ? yes yes , i can absolutely do that for you . no problem.  newline newline  okay , good . because some men take issue with that sort of thing so i need to be clear about that right out of the gate . i  m gon na need you to do that for me about 10 times daily.  newline newline  yes ! yes , i would love that.  newline newline  okay , and i  m just going to let you know right now : it tastes like strawberry shortcake . i know some people prefer chocolate cake or carrot cake or something like that.  newline newline  no no , i think that  s fine . i like shortcake.  borus could not believe his good luck today . newline newline  great ! now get over here and ram your goddess.  newline newline newline borus rammed his goddess for many centuries until his cock finally shriveled and his pelvic bone was ground into dust . he kept his word and ate her out with gusto 10 times a day , every day of his life . aphrodite always remembers borus fondly as her most cherished husband , but she takes new lovers now . newline newline a word to the wise : if you ever meet an enchanting woman and would like to make love to her , aphrodite favors men that are honest , respectful , and kind . most importantly , she shows special preference to those who eat pussy .alexander rubbed his temples , forehead pinched into a tight frown as he tried to massage the newlyforming headache away . newline newline six years , he thought , huffing out an annoyed sigh . six years and i m no closer now than i was at the start . he reached out with shaking fingers , pushing a few tattered , heavilydoodled pieces of paper under his desk lamp , looking over the symbols and diagrams that he had scribbled down frantically so long ago . he was certain at the time that they would offer a breakthrough , a perfect solution to his theorems at last , but in the late nights and countless whiskey bottles since , they had served only as a frustration . each time he had reconsidered their content , tilting them at odd angles , even copying them down with the most minor of variations , he felt certain he was missing something . newline newline  six fucking years !  he yelled , jumping to stand as he swept both arms across the desk , sending pens and notes and the  already badly battered  lamp to crash into the wall , the bulb shattering with a pop as the room went dark . newline newline  one , two , three ...  he started his count to ten , a trick he learned in one of his courtmandated anger management courses .  four , five fuck it ,  he mumbled , ending the count and taking a few careful steps to switch on the overhead light , ready to deal with the mess from his toddlerlike outburst . it was nt his first , it would nt be his last , but this time he had actually done some damage  a large , fistsized hole had been punched into the drywall where the lamp had collided , small chunks of sheetrock mingling in with the glass and paper below . that s just my luck , he thought . a few inches to the left and it would have flown harmlessly through the open doorway instead . newline newline  that s it ,  he whispered , freezing where he stood , eyes glazing over as his mind burst into motion .  that s it !  the man crouched , digging through the ruble , ignoring the pain that sprang into his finger as shards of bulb bit into them . he gathered his noted with frenzied excitement , and then burst quickly through the door and down the hall to reach the garage that held his makeshift workshop . newline newline  if you want to go from one room to the next ,  he said aloud to himself ,  you don  t try to break through the wall , you use the door !  his bleeding fingers worked quickly at the machine , pulling wires and replacing them again in a new arrangement as he glanced back and forth between the notes and his creation .  wormholes already exist , why try to create a new one instead of linking the ones that are already there ?  a few quick keystrokes later and he was ready to try it at last . his entire body trembled as he pressed record on an old canon , set crookedly on a tripod specifically for moments like this one . newline newline  alexander thorpe , july 12th ,  he said through the shake in his voice as he stepped into view of the camcorder .  test number six.  he knew he should explain the changes he had just made , the new theory he was working with , but he couldn  t wait any longer . without another word he leaned to reach his keyboard and hit enter , spinning to face his creation . newline newline a deep , vibrating tone rang out , accompanied by a sudden glow that floated a few feet off the floor , becoming steadily larger as he stared . it took only a second for it to reach the size of a dinner plate , and only three more to become as large as a doorway , stopping as it met a metal frame designed specifically to halt such a portal  s growth . newline something happened then that alexander had not expected : a higher , softer sound filled the air , and a second glowing began a yard away from the first , steadier and brighter , a light blue sparkle all around it . newline  oh shit ,  he mumbled , hurrying to stop the lines of code that fluttered across the computer screen . he heard a light sizzling as the portal he had created collapse into itself , disappearing entirely in only an instant , but as he turned to check the second doorway , he found that not only did it still stand open , but a dark figure had appeared within , tall and slender , silhouetted into stark contrast against the glow . newline newline he watched in awe as it stepped forward , long toes , tipped with claws coming to rest on the cement floor . a thin leg warped in shifting , silver fabric pushed through , the torso showing next , covered in the same shimmering cloth , all the way to its swanlike neck . finally alexander could see the face . large eyes , set wide apart in the head , looked down at him , blue and purple and seemingly endless in their depth , black slits at each center . a long , narrow , perfectly straight nose began a few inches below the eyes and ended over wide , thin lips , the sharpened edges of a few pointed teeth exposed where they parted in a grin . there were no ears to frame the face , nor hair atop its head , adding eerily to the warped , stretched look of the creature that stood before him . newline newline  i  m afraid i  ll need you to come with me ,  a soft rumbling voice said , though the man was certain the creature  s lips had remained motionless .  earth is not yet permitted this technology.  newlinei m a professional liar , and i m really good at my job . the official title of my job , the name they put on my w2 forms , is insurance salesmen . but what i m really doing , all i really ever do , is lie . the entirity of my day consists of talking to people and selling them words , provide an ego boost , or just scare the living shit out of them . newline newline if you come to me in good health , i will try and remind you about all the times you came close to death . people put their entire life on social media , and it would nt take me more than a few minutes to bring up that time when your friends convinced you to jump off that rock even though you were nt a confident swimmer .  we have to think about your wife martha  , i ll say ,  accidents happen all the time , and even worse , so does reality .  you and i both know you do nt need the premium plan . youre retirement investment portfolio has been quite good , your family will have more than enough to live off of without any insurance at all . but all i have to do is create the illusion of impending doom , and throw in a few ,  no one will have to worry about you daughter s wedding costs , and you son s college tuition  and your mine . you are our favorite type of client . you will pay us monthly for a very long time , because you are nt dying anytime soon . and even when you do pass , we will have made so much money off you that your insurance payment rate will be pennies on the dollar to us . newline newline if you come to me in bad health , you re even better . i do nt have to work too hard to create a sense of urgency , because chances are , you already have it . you smoke too much , drink too often , drive too recklessly , have a sense of adventure , and in general , are just a risk to yourself and those around you . well , you re not really , but you will be once i m done talking to you . the way you live your life is a gold mine for me , and a couple key reminders , and you will pay me a portion of your savings before you walk out the door .  do you know how many smokers fall asleep and have their cigerette butts burn down the house ?   did you know driving 5 miles over the speed limit , on average , raises your risk of an accident by as much as 45  ?   i see that you like travelling to europe once every couple of years . the homocide rate in most of these cities is twice , even double what you can expect back home . and a rich tourist like you lights up their eyes on the streets .  newline newline if you really think about it , i m an asshole who exagerates statistics and overblows percentages . but right now you re completely fragile , i ve made you vunerable and suseptable to every danger that exists . right now , i m your only friend in the world , the only person that is really looking out for you . most people still have doubts , do nt necessarily want to pay so much money for something that might not happen for a very long time . but all i really have to say , is  is that really a chance you want to take ? do you really want to leave such burdens behind ?  and you re all mine . newline newline higher risk clients can be tricky . sure , they pay insane premiums , but there are some truths to my words , and it s entirely possible that you could actually die tomorrow . we do nt want to pay you . we do nt care about the costs of your funeral , protecting your home and belongings from freak accidents , and nature can be our biggest enemey . we hope you outlive your weaknesses , and we re always rooting for you . this is why you re the perfect customer , because we do nt really have to lie too much to you . we actually genuinely care about your wellbeing . to you , we are some of the friendliest people you associate with , you even send me christmas cards and i ve been to more kid s weddings than i can count . at the end of the day , i m frank lee , uncle frank to your kids , and i ve become your friend . you trust me so much that you do nt really second guess yourself when i start talking about some new bullshit insurance plan .  we have nt had an earthquake for a very long time , i was watching a program last night that was talking about how weak the fault is becoming .  you think this is just another one of our friendly conversation we re having over a game of golf . but i ve just sold you , yet again . newline newline edit : will continue shortly , just got tied down with work for a bit .a train leaves the station at 6:00 , traveling west at 70 miles per hour . a second train leaves the next station 100 miles away 30 minutes later , travelling east at 100 miles per hour . its been diverted onto the same track as the first train , making a collision inevitable . newline newline each train car holds a maximum of 80 people , and it s likely that the front cars will be annihilated . these a front cars are reserved for the first class customers , who on average have paid  500 for their tickets , and usually have a net worth in excess of  100,000 dollars , no small amount of which will be spent in legal battles extracting reparations from the train companies who made this fatal error . newline newline reparations these companies will not be able to repay , because of some unwise investments that i may have helped them broker . for a modest fee , by my standards . they will collapse , and i will prosper . newline newline a train leaves the station at 6:00 , traveling west at 70 miles per hour . a second train leaves the next station 100 miles away 30 minutes later , travelling east at 100 miles per hour . how long until my plan is set into motion . sacre bleu !  was the only thing going through my mind . the cold realization of my situation ran down my spine , like a vat of frigid water . 12th may , 1216 . that would be the date that the letter notifying my state of my death would have . he died valiantly , fighting for the rightful crown of louis viii as king of england . newline newline looking at the bright side , i would fly like a bird , for a few seconds at least . then i would crash against the walls of dover castle , exploding into a gory mess among the broken bricks . so many things ran through my mind . my little patch of land , my wife , my kids , my livestock , the little hut i slept in . thinking about it , life was pretty dull . maybe dying would nt be so bad . newline newline  ouvrez le feu !  shouted my captain . that meant that i was about to be hurled across a battlefield . a quick prayer would probably ensure that i would not go to hell , but i did nt really care . newline newline a sword fell , cutting the rope holding me and the boulder tied to the earth . and ... newline newline nothing . newline newline  cest quoi ce truc ?  i heard someone say behind me . the trebuchet had  failed   http : myweb.tiscali.co.ukcastlespage39.html  us . ah , so i was going to li newline newline fuuuuat first , we did nt know our enemy . newline newline the field was open for anyone , so we formed a crew . all of us in the foster home , we ran everything for four blocks down . we seen everyone mean mugging us but no one popped off . until we made our move to the front line . newline newline the queen was a foster parent , everyone called her auntie lyda . she taught us enough to move on our own , gave each of us one move she knew , and she knew a lot . us on the ground floor ran the streets , while she had older folk running the behind the scenes . it was after we pushed the boundaries , that we found out we were playing a bigger game . newline newline keen , a young gun , was rolling three deep and he got taken out . we found out it was an opposing team from down town that wanted our turf , so we hired a rook at the hit game to counter quickly . newline newline the police did nt want to answer , but we knew it was going to be blood shed from that moment on . it was just a matter of time , and our time was short . i watched as other pawn boys push the boundaries , and just like keen . they were gone . a few of the boys and i created a safe zone , i was at the head . i waited , gladly , for them to go for the ruse . instead they went for the other side of town we controlled , i listened to the ak pop until the clip ran dry . newline newline  they fought back , bishop , the rook , and the throne protector .  seeing her fall , the knight , was a damn shame . we answered back , we got all the way past their front line , but not without casualties . i stood on their seat to the knight , just a few blocks down from their queen , and i felt a new power rage through me . i wanted that bitches head ... . ahhh the good old days .  newline newline clink ! clink !  newline newline  i remember the first dragon i slew . its breath , hotter than the sun , scorching my armor as i blocked the fiery blast with my shield . and just when he sputtered out his last fireball , i batted it back with my sword , stunning him long enough to shove my blade through his eye . ha ! talk about a taste of your own medicine !  newline newline clink ! clink !  newline newline  and i remember storming the wizard s tower , cleaving his demonic thralls . floor by floor , i dodged his fireballs , his ice shards , his lightning bolts , all the while dispatching every summon he threw at me . and when we got the to the top of the tower ? wham ! stabbed him in the gut and kicked him off the edge !  newline newline clink ! clink !  newline newline  and lo , the adventures could not hold a candle to the glory of the celebrations afterward ! the firelight of whatever tavern we could find after our victories would sparkle and glisten off of our armor , wet with the ale we carelessly poured into our gullets ! and oh , how the villagers would talk about us ! we were heroes !  newline newline clink ! clink !  newline newline clink ! clink !  newline newline hisssssss !  newline newline  anyway , thank you for listening to the ramblings of an old smith , all while you have an adventure to continue . that dragon wo nt slay itself ! ha ha !  newline newline  ...  newline newline  ...  newline newline  ... here , take this sword , on me . i carried her on my hip for many adventures . on my honor , this blade can cut through troll fat , through serpent skin , through dragon scale . trust me , i would know . you do nt want to become immortal . believe me . newline newline immortality is a relatively easy process , given the benefits . out of reach financially for most people , but for anyone with the resources and knowledge to gather the necessary ingredients , the steps are simple . but i wo nt tell you what they are , or what you have to do . you see , i want to spare you the pain . newline newline it s not that immortality comes with a huge price , at least not inherently . it simply comes with one simple problem  it may stop time from affecting your body , but it does nt stop your brain from working . newline newline you remember being 5 ? remember when the holidays seemed so far apart ? once christmas was finished , you would have to wait a year . a whole year , just to see those presents under that beautiful tree . but when you re 40 , christmas is a familiar thing . it happens once a year , which seems to come around all the time . just when you were done packing up your lights from last year , here christmas is again . newline newline same thing with people . when you were 14 , your boyfriend and you were madly in love , and only the stars would drive you apart , because you have been together for months . when you re 50 , and have been through a divorce or two , you know that it could be years before you find out if your relationship is stable . newline newline now take those feelings , and extrapolate them out to a thousand years . now try and understand how i feel about all of you . newline newline you barely last any time at all . i ca nt understand you . i ca nt feel for you . by the time i register a change in time , you will have grown old , had children , grandchildren , died , and rotted away . empires come and go , governments rise and fall , and i barely notice them anymore . newline newline i know that i should care , somehow . i know that people matter , that feelings matter . but the older i got , the harder it was for me to tell myself that was the case . back when i was 500 , i think i treated you like pet mice . something to cherish , yes , but ultimately something that would die and need to be replaced . and so if i knew someone and they got sick , i would simply lose interest and replace them with someone else . as i got older ? i got much , much worse . newline newline i gave up thinking of anyone but myself when i was 800 . your feelings were utterly inconsequential . why try and give you pleasure , or forestall your pain , if it did nt affect me ? my happiness was more important than any amount of pain caused to you , and any displeasure on my part was not worth your happiness . newline newline at my worst , i remember finding beautiful men , luring them in , then capturing and torturing them for days , just so that their screams of ecstasy and pain would create the tiniest spark of pleasure in my heart . they never lasted long , not with the methods i used . newline newline it did nt work . i never felt fires like i had in my 200 s , when i snuck jaques out from under the watchful eye of his noble family . i felt nothing anymore . newline newline so i ve resigned myself to emotional deadness . no more pleasure , no more pain . newline newline you do nt want this . you want to die before time becomes an eternal grayness . even if immortality preserves your body , it does nt stop the wearing down of your soul ...my country was nt as great as it used to be . there was a time where you could freely oppose the government and their policies . a time where you were nt locked up for the most nonsensical charges . a time where you could actually move to another country . and it was also a time where you were nt monitored every single moment in your life . when you had the morbid curiosity about what a bomb would look like , you could simply look it up . nobody seemed to care . back when privacy still existed in the usa , there was still a lot wrong with our country . institutional racism , the power of the corporations and climate change deniers where among the biggest problems of the us . but among all of those problems , there was one we just did nt pay enough attention to . the nsa . we were warned . edward snowden leaked the most important data about this in 2013 . but we did nt care . not enough . although it was illegal what they did , the nsa did nt stop . they continued to gather information , and they continued to store it . it was a disaster waiting to happen . in 2020 , president thompson grabbed power . as a presidential candidate , he came of as a kind man . a man of the people . he seemed to understand what the people wanted , what they needed . but as a president , he became cruel and powerhungry . by now the nsa had been able to grow into the single most effective blackmailmachine in the world . and when they could nt find dirt on you , they d simply create it . it did nt take long before he had most agencies in his pocket . and after that , most major companies as well . google , facebook . sites used by nearly everyone . information on nearly everyone . with that kind of power , it was rather easy to eliminate his political opponents . if you did nt agree with him  hell , if you looked at him funny , he threw you into jail or simply had you killed . it took only one uprising to kill the spirit of the people . 20.000 men were killed in the new york massacre . after that happened , i knew i needed to get out of here . i barely made it across the mexican border , because , you see , the wall is well guarded with fanatics of the thompsonregime . now every single aspect in the lives of americans was controlled by the government . today you do nt even think about speaking up against the government . today , all americans are prisoners in their own country . today is also a day , where the only way to find out what a bomb looks like , is to misbehave .alabaster doors , unfathomably tall and unimaginably wide , shifted silently open beneath the gentle brush of catarin s fingertips . glancing once more behind her , she stepped into the temple of ages , the stone slabs swinging shut behind her . newline newline the temple of ages  an homage to the old gods , divine beings that granted their chosen warriors powers beyond any mere mortal . countless wars were fought in their name , and countless people died to sate their bloodlust .  newline newline catarin could nt help but stare in awe at what stood before her . a grand hall of white marble stretched out before her , seemingly unending . jewels and gems , silver and gold and platinum lie unmolested in ornate filigree . crystal chandeliers hang suspended from nothing , flickering light fracturing and scattering into the darkened corners of the corridor . surely this hall could nt fit in the temple ,  thought catarin , for the plateau upon which it stands is barely large enough to support the temple itself . this hall should have broken off from the building and fallen into the abyss .  newline newline none truly knows from whence it came . some time after the fall of the ieryssi empire , scholars believe , the old gods placed the temple of ages upon what was then called the abyssal spire . a singular column of volcanic rock juts out from the bottomless abyss , and at its top sits the temple .  newline newline reminding herself of her purpose here , catarin strode forth into the impossibly long hall . beautiful tapestries lined the walls , depicting ancient battles and longpassed conquests . beneath each saga , the artifact of legend stood , seeming to wait for its next champion . catarin walked briskly past each weapon , never giving any more than a passing glance . newline newline excalibur , the legendary sword that artur used to fell the armies of myrdr . mjolnir , the holy warhammer that thor odinsson wielded in his conquest of the north . the horn of yeshua , which razed the walls of ierysalm itself long ago . many have flocked to the temple of ages hoping to find their glory .  newline newline catarin stepped lightly , trying her best to not disturb the dead as she moved steadily toward her charge . bones littered the beautiful marble floor , the bleached skeletons of wouldbe warriors and desperate fools . catarin knew better than to reach for one of the old gods  gifts . pitiful ,  she thought , thinking them anything other than fickle .  newline newline there is only one way to reach the temple of ages , and that is via the bridge . the temple stands in the middle of a bottomless chasm , an ancient volcano that has long been dormant . the bridge is no easy task to maneuver , though . it is as old as the temple itself , and has long been rotted and frayed .  newline newline all the weapons were shining examples of ornate design , extravagant beauty and breathless wonder . all but one . catarin stood before the altar , winded and feeling older than she began . calloused hands lowered the cloth wraps from her face , and golden locks fell in waves as she gazed toward the image above her . newline newline it is the first , and it will be the last . you are the only one who can rightfully take it up , catarin . it s up to you to save us .  newline newline it was a crudely drawn picture . two figures in shades of sanguine reds and earthen browns , standing in resolution . two figures , strengthened in their fraternity . two figures , standing in opposition . newline newline one figure , standing above the broken body of his brother . newline newline only you can save them ,  the first whispered to her , and i can give you the power to do it .  newline newline ... newline newline catarin ierys , empress of ruins , stared toward the temple of ages with a righteous fury . its blackened facade seemed to laugh at her from atop the spire , a cacophony of mockery that crawled beneath her skin . with a disgusted sneer , she took hold of the weapon she had traveled so far to obtain and hacked away at the moorings of the bridge . the sharpened rock sawed through the ropes with minimal effort , and within moments the rickety bridge was falling . she watched with satisfaction as it sank into the darkened depths of the abyss . newline newline and catarin turned and began the long journey home to kill her sister .it had been a week since the construct had landed . that s what they were calling it now ,  the construct  . the science fiction parallels were amusing , but it really was the best name for the object . now , london has seen it s fair share of strange things , galvanism , the electric light and such , but we really could nt tell what this particular object could be . to me , the oddest thing about it was how people had reacted to it over the course of the week . newline newline when it first pierced the dull grey cloud layer on a rainy sunday afternoon , people panicked , calling it a  sign of the endtimes  and other similarly hysterical names . over the next few days , people got curious , then bold , trying to penetrate the peculiar metallic substance of its shell to no avail . it shattered even the sturdiest of our tools . newline newline after realizing that it was nt going to do anything , and we were nt going to get any more answers out of it , people just left it there . this mystical creation had become just another part of london s skyline over the course of a week . newline newline today is monday morning , and it is raining again . i was on my way to work , just as always when something happened that no one expected . the construct started to sing . for a good few minutes , i watched , dumbfounded in the rain as wondrous overlapping melodies radiated outward from the spire of the object . it was music unlike anything i had ever heard before , light , flowing harmonies and deep growling basses swirling in a concoction of heady tones that delighted me as much as haunted me . then it stopped , sheer and discordant , like a tablecloth being ripped away . after a moment , i continued on to work . perhaps it will do something else , but i ve stopped caring . i ve got better things to do than concern myself with some stupid singing totem . alright , is our announcer ready ?  newline newline  all clear here boss , we are good to go .  newline newline  perfect . sound ?  newline newline  set !  newline newline  camera ?  newline newline  set !  newline newline  roll sound .  newline newline  sound rolling !  newline newline  roll camera .  newline newline  camera is rolling .  newline newline  marker ... take one ... action !  newline newline   in a world , where dinosaurs roam free , our protagonist must master thbleep .   newline newline  cut ! hey , announcer dude , were you really about to say what i think you were about to say ! ?  newline newline   i m ... i m confused . did i almost swear or something on film ?   newline newline  yeah you did , or an equivalent of swearing . our higher ups have demanded that certain words not be used during our productions . that article you were about to say ? that s one of them .  newline newline   you mean thbleep  ?   newline newline  good gosh man ! are you trying to get us all fired ! thankfully that guy over there is a topnotch editor . he can censor you out when needed , but refrain from using that type of language , ok ?  newline newline   i do nt get paid for this type of shibleep .   newline newline  i said watch your language on set ! some people never learn ... alright , take two ... action !  newline newline   in a world where dinosaurs roam free , our hero must master ... magic , swordsmanship , anbleep .   newline newline  cut !  newline newline   oh you have got to be kidding me . was i about to say something forbidden again ?   newline newline  you got it . per our higher ups , certain conjunctions may not be used either .  newline newline   you got to be shbleeping me ! i ca nt say certain words , which are not offensive at all because your higher ups have a problem with said certain words ! why is there such a retarded rule in place ? !   newline newline  well , you see , our boss made a bet with his seven year old niece . if his company can go an entire day without saying certain words , he does nt have to get her an ice cream cone . instead , she has to buy him an ice cream cone !  newline newline   you have got to be fubleeping kidding me ...   newline newline  yep ... that s how our business is sometimes . alright , let s try it again folks . take three ... action !  newline newline no ! i quit ! i can understand i ca nt say certain words like fubleep , or shbleep , but i ca nt say thbleep or anbleep ! your network can go to hebleep for all i care . keep your dableep money ! i do nt need it ! i m out , you will never hear from me again , you understand . fubleeping morons ...   newline newline  hey , assistant ... ? do you think our higher ups are being too unreasonable with their request ?  newline newline  not at all boss .  newline newline  yeah me neither . alright ! bring in our backup announcer ! i want to finish filming this before lunch if possible ! is was over before i knew it . the man in the black suit handed me a yellow envelope , and was gone . inside was a note , a very interesting note . it had things on it about me that only i knew . personal thoughts , stupid things i did as a teenager , things that i had nt thought about in years . it also had info about me . my height , age , weight , birth name , social security number , everything ! at the bottom of the note , there was a message . it read : newline newline dear tom haydenwalker , newline newline we regret to inform you of your death . if will happen exactly 10 days  240 hours  from the time this note came into your possession . there is nothing you can do to prevent this . we recommend that you say goodbye to your loved ones , and make peace with your inner demons . tell anybody about this note , and you will be dead within the hour . we offer our condolences . newline newline sarah crane , newline newline holdenbaker corporation . newline newline i was in shock , i did nt know what to do . i stumbled to a nearby coffee shop and slumped into a chair . there was stuff in that note that i had never wanted to think about again . it was like having my entire life shoved into a single pill and force fed to me . i could nt die now ! i was less than two months away from graduating from the university . i was studying to be a fashion designer , i already had the interest of a small startup in new york . i had a girlfriend , an apartment , a dog . i could nt leave that all behind ! but how would this sarah person know all of this personal stuff about me ? i needed a drink , fast . even though it was only 1 oclock , i stumbled to the nearest bar i could find . newline newline the place look very shady . as if high stakes drug deals might be going on in the back room . a group of very muscular punks with sleeveless shirts occupied a booth , but other than that i had the bar to myself . i sat down at the bar and the bartender walked over . he looked as if he were in his late 40 s . he was wearing a sweatshirt and a toboggan , even though it was summer . he had bloodshot eyes and a nose that looked as if it had been broke and regrew the wrong way . newline newline  what ll it be ?  newline newline  just give me a bottle of bourbon  newline newline i slowly drank through the bottle all afternoon . i hated the taste of it , but i needed something to dull the pain . by around eight that night , that bar was packed . a bunch of rough looking men that you would nt want to meet in an ally occupied most of the bar . i had just finished my second bottle , and was about to order the third , but the bartender stopped me . i guess a clean faced kid in his early 20 s did nt really fit in with the norm . newline newline  get out kid , you do nt belong here . if you re upset about something , go see a therapist , you ca nt drink your problems away . i do nt want to see you round here again . okay ?  newline newline huh , get that . the old man must of had a sympathetic side to him . he could obviously see what i was trying to do . at this point i did nt really care , so i stumbled out the door and down the street to my car . i checked my phone . apparently i had not shown up for classes , or my anniversary dinner with my girlfriend . none of that mattered any more though . i slowly found the keys to my car in my pocket , and took an even longer time trying to get the car started . i was on my normal route to get to my apartment , when , out of nowhere , a tree sprung right into the middle of the street , and right into the hood of my car . newline newline let s take a minute out from the story here . i know what you all must be thinking .  it s crazy to get this upset over death . death ca nt be that bad , can it ?  it was nt death i was upset over , it was jayden , my exboyfriend . newline newline to be continued ! feedback is greatly appreciated ! what gives , audrey ?  newline newline  what do you mean ?  newline newline  we ve been sitting here for two hours and you ve barely said a word .  newline newline  well , what do you think is the matter , julian ?  newline newline  do nt give me that again .  newline newline  there you go , sighing . i just left home and hearth for you , julian .  newline newline  you know we could nt have been together otherwise .  newline newline  yes , i know .  newline newline  are nt you sure of me ?  newline newline  it s not about not being sure of you . i love them too .  newline newline  well , if they could have just accepted us ...  newline newline  i know , i m sorry . i know the rejection hurt you .  newline newline  as long as you do nt reject me , i ll get over it .  newline newline  if i d wanted to reject you , i would nt get on a bus to nowhere to do it now , would i ?  newline newline  i suppose not .  newline newline   newline newline  julian ? please wake up !  newline newline  damn it , i was asleep .  newline newline  oh , i thought you were practicing your snoring for the olympics .  newline newline  do nt give me that . what s the matter ?  newline newline  you re going to think i m silly .  newline newline  as opposed to thinking you re smart all along ? ow ! i m kidding ! i m kidding !  newline newline  you re a nuisance . does that man over there seem suspicious to you ?  newline newline  he s a rather welldressed one , is nt he ? burberry d all up .  newline newline  i think he has a bulge in his coat . i m concerned .  newline newline  honey , you do nt mention the bulge in a gentleman s pants . i explained it to you , he ca nt help himself sometimes .  newline newline  unless his manhood decided to take a walk and stopped at his outer thigh for a bit , he can pretty well help himself , i think .  newline newline  i ca nt see . scoot over , let me take a  the man has a gun ! everybody , the man has a gun !  newline newline   newline newline  well , that was rather foolish of you .  newline newline  think i should have waited for him to hold the bus hostage like he planned ?  newline newline  could have passed it along to everybody . give them a little warning .  newline newline  yes , why did nt i think of playing chinese whispers at a time like this ? you re never happy with anything i do .  newline newline  oh , i m always happy with what you do . but i could have done without him aiming for your heart . thought mine would pop right out .  newline newline  you were very brave , even then . flinging your mighty coinpurse at him . you have an arm on you , you do .  newline newline  helped that i nicked all the spare change from home .  newline newline  oh jesus , what if our names come in the newspaper ?  newline newline  damn , did nt think of that . let s get another bus , quick , before the reporters get here .  newline newline   newline newline  so , new york city , huh ?  newline newline  i bet it d be wonderful . all those bright lights .  newline newline  i guess it would . so , we re really doing this , huh ?  newline newline  julian , i flung what little money i had at an absolute stranger in the hopes of preventing him from shooting you . i hope we re really doing this .  newline newline  it s just , it s going to be tough .  newline newline  really ? i did nt know . they should put that on a banner in times square . educate the public . why are you laughing ?  newline newline  i m just thinking that tomorrow morning , the big apple wo nt know what hit it .  newline newline   newline newline  audrey ?  newline newline  mmm ... time is it ?  newline newline  little after two .  newline newline  jesus , julian , why are you awake ?  newline newline  i m just really glad i broke my leg that morning , audrey .  newline newline  well , i m just really glad lana exchanged shifts with me at the hospital .  newline newline  goodnight , audrey .  newline newline  goodnight , julian . the terrestrial fibulum is almost penetrated . newline insert me in your left nostril and blink newline even whales have stomachs we are getting evicted newline warble warble warble newline blizz blom zip zoo flup flup flup newline kalamanadoo newline doo newline doo newline doooooooooooo newline if i poop on the lawn am i in trouble newline zobble ee do tee newline i drank windshield wiper fluid i am not kidding this is not part of the poem please help i am entirely serious call an ambulance newline i met a girl with one foot newline i pushed her down newline ruddy muddy zuddy buddy you fuddy duddy newline libble kip hac red back gir mizz mack newline fat choo rimbaud newline our collective asses are disappearing newline newline newline newline if you want to weird out the audience and embarrass your friend maybe this will help .i heard a stiff sound coming from the kitchen , i went to check  i saw my nephew laying on the floor , smiling and saying  granma is riding a rainbow  . i noticed one of my gummy bears in his hands  half eaten i , then , knew he was going mad . i held him and threw him in my car because i ll get scolded for life if his mom knew  my sister  . newline newline i drove to my friend s house , i met up with zac in his house and told him the whole story . btw zac is my friend and my drug dealer . zac told me that he has a great idea  we should throw him in the basement and lock the door . so we did . newline newline 5 hours later , we went to check the basement to see how s my nephew doing , zac went in first while i had to take a piss . then i heard zac screaming  he escaped , the wanker escaped  i panicked and ran to the basement while pissing my pants , i did nt find my nephew , then i noticed that the window was broken . newline newline we went out looking for him , we searched everywhere.. nothing . so i went back home to tell his mom . i entered the house and noticed that my whole family were looking at the tv . i got closer to the tv to see what s going on . i saw a kid helicoptering his willy in the middle of the highway , guess who was he .. ?cyclical eyes bore down the length of the splintery table . the exasperated cheers reverberated through my ear canal , banging the drum with tribal succession . newline i heaved , nearly losing my cool  whip  and my life . newline newline to my left , jackson felcher , the undisputed champion of the competitive pie eating circuit gobbled his fifth blackberry pastry in as many minutes . i was only on my second . the son of an italian pastry chef , i never pictured this life for any of my younger siblings , and never once for myself . the price had to be paid , and it was my turn to pick up the check . newline newline  five minutes remain my little piggies !  the diabolical screech from microphone feedback cracked my skull like an egg . mayor templeton was loving this too much . newline newline i covered my mouth in time to quell another heave of blueberry vomit . i was running out of time . newline my father hid his face in the crowd , all but realizing the extent of his son  s defeat . i kept my eyes fixed on the prophetically surreal rotundness of my third blueberry pie . it was over , i had nothing left to give . newline newline just when i finished my final prayer and reconciliation for a larger than average playboy collection underneath my mattress , a collection of voices suddenly cried out at once . i heard a thud and the clanging of pans . my neck snapped to my left to see jackson felcher lying lifeless in his sixth pie . newline newline the rules of the annual  pie until i die  contest allows for each head to head participant to choose their favorite pies to eat in rapid succession . upon completion of their chosen pies , the final pie is that of the variety chosen by each participant for the other to inhale . newline newline i had chosen wisely . newline newline boysenberry always gets his man . newlineall the eyes were on him . newline newline he looked around  he was absolutely uncomfortable in an absolutely terrible situation . what to do he thought ? newline newline  do nothing  his mind said .  block them out . you know who you are and you do not need to play by their games .  newline newline he looked around one more time and then stared down to his shoes . they were nice shoes , a little dirty , but still a wearable pair of shoes . newline newline as if the situation could nt get worse , others were coming to stare at him . the flyers and levitaters were in the air , hovering over the crowd all staring at him . newline newline then the jeers started to get louder and worst . newline newline  do nt react to them . you are better than them , you were brought up be a good person .  newline newline but the crowd started to chant  faker , faker , faker ! hang the imposter ! hang him !  newline newline he looked up one more time , the flyers were quiet at least . they were nt chanting just staring . newline newline then it happened . and it hurt . newline newline bam newline newline a rotten tomato smashed into the side of his face and hurt did it hurt . then others started coming . and the soda cups , the beer bottles ? newline newline smack newline newline another tomato right in the gut . newline newline  where the hell are you getting tomatos from ?  he screamed . but then he saw the answer . of course tomatoman was there egging the crowd on , creating rotten tomatoes , deformed tomatoes , green tomatoes , explosive tomatoes and all sorts of tomatoes by the hundreds . newline newline thwock newline newline right square in the forehead another hit of a tomato . looks like rocketarm was now in league with tomatoman . newline newline  that s it !  he screamed . newline newline poof newline newline suddenly everyone was in the nude . every tom , dick and harry was suddenly turning to each other , covering up what bits and pieces they could . suddenly , there were a thousand of naked people surrounding him . some of those same people now covered in vile rotten tomato juice , sticky soda and hot beer .if i ca nt trust time , which provides life itself , what left is there to trust ? newline newline the first time it happened was 2 days ago , which , is technically 4 days ago if i ve got this worked out ... despite it feeling like 20 minutes ago , the final shopping craze from all of the parents looking for their child s dream toy was taking place , and the cooks queueing outside the supermarket to get their oversized processed turkey for the big day . if there s one thing i ve become good at from being homeless , it s the ability to observe people and judge them for who they really are . watching the local meetups of dads and hookers who struggle to find passion in their 30 yearlong marriage . i tend to have a good eye on things since there s always someone who will drop 5 bucks or the odd leftover hotdog . however , someone offered me a watch . an old man , wearing a peculiar set of clothes , that looked hundreds of years older than he did . i figured he was in some shakespearean play , given there s a theatre down the street . i offered him my thanks and on he went . after inspection , the watch looked like it belonged to the props section at the theatre . as i went to slip the watch over my cold , mudstained hands , i noticed an engraving on the back . newline newline  for whom bears this watch is for whom bears time itself  . newline newline naturally , i thought nothing of it . after inspecting the clockface , i noticed that the time matched the digital clock across the mistcovered street , but the date was two days behind ... newline newline i reached for my torch , from the undercarriage shelf of my trolley . the dim light that shone on to the watch , revealed something strange . the watch was tatty , the face was dusty and the crown looked wornout , but the hands looked brand new , gleaming with life . newline newline pulling out the crown to adjust the date , i felt a strange nervous urge shudder up my arm . the feeling was something i had never experienced before and as the clockhands turned , i noticed them getting brighter and brighter . 48 hours ahead on the watch and the face of it was shining brighter than my torch . newline newline i pushed the crown back in place , and when i looked up , the streets were empty . no more crazy shoppers trying to step on people to get their frozen turkey ... no more sexdeprived dads looking for some action . when i looked back down at the watch , the date was the 25th december . newline newline i stuttered . i tried unbuckling the watch , but the tattered leather would nt budge ... i pulled the crown out and rotated the date back 48 hours . as i looked up , the hooker was there , getting in to the volvo estate and the same person dropping their newly bought turkey on the ground . newline newline as a homeless dude , i d normally say that i ve seen much more weird shit on the streets , but to be honest , this beat the record . newline newline if this thing really can do what it appears , then why was i given it ? what have i done to deserve.. what could be classed as a second chance ? or is it a curse ... the next step ? fucking over my exwife and making her the homeless bitch , not me . newline newline    newline newline this is my first ever prompt response . i only discovered the subreddit a few days back and thought i d just have a bit of fun . all comments are welcome : written from the perspective of a british soldier in the first world war newline newline a german flare suddenly lit up the night sky with a menacing red glare and i motioned for corporal mccallum and private blair to roll down into the muddy crater to our left . we hugged the ground for several seconds , praying to god that the germans had nt seen us . the hissing of the flare slowly faded and the night turned black again . all three of us breathed a sigh of relief . we were nt through the worst of it yet and if our small trenchraid had been discovered so soon it would have been devastating . i had only arrived to take command of my new platoon at the front only a short time ago , and could nt risk failing my first important assignment .  come home with your shield or on it  as the spartans used to say . newline newline a few more minutes and we were almost out of the apocalyptic wastes of no man s land . the smell of the dead , and the cries of the wounded made me thank god that the dark was covering the full extent of the chaos . the thought of crawling into a hostile trench almost seemed tame by comparison , but nonetheless we all knew we were jumping from the fryingpan and into the fire . newline newline we had soon crawled close enough to clearly see the barbed wire that lined the german trench , and to hear their voices . i signaled for the men to keep moving down the line believing that if we entered there they no doubt would have seen or heard us . now hardly daring to breath , we crawled slowly along the edge of the trench looking for a place to enter . about a minute later it seemed to the three of us that god must indeed be british as we spotted a hole in the wire . i crawled slowly closer , my heart beating so loud i thought surely the germans must have heard it as well . newline newline behind the wire was the trench itself , lined with sandbags at the top . i peered over slowly and cautiously . the trench appeared to go on for a few yards in both directions , with what appeared to be a bunker in the middle . more importantly though , was the german sentry walking away from me to the left . i dropped down quickly , shaking for fear i may have been spotted . mccallum and blair stared at me wideeyed , and i raised a finger to indicate one sentry . newline newline i lay deathly silent in the cold mud as the footsteps of the german sentry echoed off the wooden planks that lined the floor of the trench as he made another round . blair and mccallum crawled next to me . we had only a short amount of time before he would be back again . with a nod and a quick check to make sure the sentry would nt see us , we jumped , as quietly as possible , down into the trench . not wasting a moment , we dashed through the opening that lay before us . newline newline as we ran into the bunker we all had our weapons drawn  revolvers and knives  , hoping to catch any germans inside offguard so we could take them prisoner . what we were met with was a small square room , with beds on one side , and a crudelymade desk on the other . at this desk sat a german who appeared to be in his 30s , writing a something by the light of a candle . he turned and looked at us , and we looked at him . time seemed to freeze for a moment . newline newline whether he was too scared to think straight or he really thought he could fight us i do nt know , but the german grabbed a pistol that he must have had in his lap and aimed it at me . i had only a split second to react , and fired my own pistol at him . he probably died instantly . i was shaken , but knew that his comrades had no doubt heard the noise . mccallum swore under his breath as we rushed to grab anything of value on the table . that was not how i had wanted this mission to go but hopefully there would be something important on the table , i thought . newline newline after picking up several pieces of paper and folding them into one of my pockets , we darted out of the room just in time to see the sentry round the corner to our right . a quick shot by blair sent him to the ground , and we climbed out of the trench like foxes running from hounds . a machine gun opened fire on us from the left sending a stream of bullets flying overhead as we crawled though the mud . behind us we could hear more footsteps and german voices from the trench , soon another flare shot up into the air . the bright red light was almost blinding at first , but we kept moving regardless , crawling slowly along the ground . newline newline i was in a daze the rest of the crawl back to our own trenches , and knew it was nothing short of a miracle that we all made it back alive . as i was helped back down from no man s land our company s commanding officer , a captain , ran up to meet us . i saluted , and handed him everything i had managed to obtain . we were dismissed and told to go get some sleep while we still could . corporal mccallum and private blair did so eagerly . however before i left i noticed a piece of paper on the ground . i bent down and picked it up realizing the captain must have dropped it . newline newline the letter was clearly unfinished but , despite my lack of knowledge of the german language , i began to realize it must have been what the german soldier i killed had been writing . the thought made me more than a little uncomfortable . i knew i d had no other choice but to shoot him , however the idea that he was possibly writing to his family at the time haunted me . i knew i was supposed find the captain and give it to him , but at the same time something inside of me told me i should find out what it said for myself . newline newline letting my curiosity get the better of me , i quickly folded the letter and put it in my pocket once more . there had to be somebody around here that knows german , i thought . so for the next few hours i walked through the trenches on my quest to find someone who could translate the letter , but everywhere i went seemed to be devoid of german speakers . soon the sun was beginning the rise , and my hope of finding a translator was almost gone , when suddenly i stumbled upon a group of soldiers huddled together talking .  do any of you lads happen to know a good amount of german ?  i inquired of them , as i had done so many times before . most shook their heads , but one spoke up .  ii do sir .  he said , sounding quite worried about what i had in mind .  good , i need you to come with me .  the soldier dutifully obeyed . newline newline not long after , thanks to a private ross , i could read the letter . though i wish i had nt . newline newline my dear wife eva ,  newline newline i am so sorry for not writing you more often , and i promise i shall try to do better from now on . our company was recently ordered to a new section of the line , so you must understand i had little chance to do so . regardless , i did receive your last letter concerning max . i am so glad to hear he is doing better . tell him his papa sends him his love , and that i shall soon be home to calbe . i hope you are all in good health , as i am , praise god . though we are still in the trenches , the fighting has calmed down in this area and i do believe it will stay that way . i am trying to stay optimistic , but the others say i am foolish for it . you know how i am . if newline newline and there the letter ended . ross and i sat in silence for several minutes . my stomach hurt , and my mind had gone blank . simply unwilling to comprehend what had happened . newline newline then the realization that i had killed this man flooded over me . how he would never see his family again . how i had taken him from them . i felt like adam after eating the forbidden fruit . and just like adam , i had no idea what to do with my new found knowledge . i knew the war was far from over for me , and i would no doubt be forced to kill again , but i still felt like i should do something about this letter . so after thinking for a minute i had an idea , an unorthodox idea , but it felt like the only human thing i could do . newline newline  private .  newline newline  yes , sir ?  newline newline  i need you to translate and write what i say . and it must stay between us .  newline newline newline 4 years later  1920 newline newline newline a lone man walked slowly down a street in the city of calbe , germany late one july night . he had a mild limp , and used a cane . after a few minutes he stopped in front a small house , reached into a pocket , and pulled out an old piece of paper . he had worked hard to find this place , and yet he walked slowly , almost hesitantly , up to the house and paused a moment before knocking on the door . a blonde woman in her early 30s answered .  ja ? wer bist du ?  newline newline the man spoke with a scottish accent .  i ve had this for several years , and ... it was meant for you .  he handed her the piece of paper he carried , then turned around and walked off . she stared at him in disbelief as he walked away , not sure what to make of this strange incident . she could nt even understand most of what he said , yet something about this letter and it s ragged appearance intrigued her . she closed her door and sat down in an old wooden chair . as she opened the letter , she gasped , and began to cry . her hands were shaking , but she forced herself to read it . the first half was no doubt written by her husband , the second however was much different . newline newline eva , no apology can give back what i took from you , and i do not ask that you forgive me for that , for i know you can not . sometimes i wonder if i shall be able to forgive myself . i only hope you can take some comfort in the fact that your husband s last thoughts were of you . i write this not knowing if i shall ever find you and give it to you , but i feel that i owe it to you regardless . your husband may have been my enemy , but if the letter he wrote was any indication of his character , he was a good man .  newline newline i feel there is nt much more i can or should say .  newline newline lieutenant cameron newline newline newline  newline wow , that ended up being much longer than i originally thought . this will probably get buried , but i hope those who read it will enjoy it .dear constituent , newline newline newline as you know , my name is guy dedude , and i m the junior senator for our fine state . i m emailing you today to assure you that despite the fact that the supreme court decided to somehow completely ignore it constitutional role and literally change legislation based on no existing constitutional doctrine , federal statute , or rule of comity , it has decided to classify caffeine as a schedule 1 drug . i know that this is troubling for many of us and i want you to rest assured that by the end of this week congress will simply pass a bill completely legalizing it once more . furthermore we will be seeking to revoke the appointment of several college freshmen political science students to the supreme court as they have clearly abused their power . if not for what just transpired , i would have thought that only a slack jawed , knuckledragging , mouth breathing , moron would ever have thought the supreme court had the power to reclassify a drug . nevertheless , please rest assured that this preposterous ruling will be dealt with through the legislature . newline newline newline newline warm regards , newline newline newline sen. dedudethey keep telling me my name is  kel  , but i don  t know who to believe . really , the only thing i know is that this room is cold , everything is white , and that a draft keeps creeping between this dresslike thing i have on . apparently that woman is my wife , but she isn  t really my type , i think . i mean , she is pretty , but after looking at myself in the mirror , i  m positive i could do much better than her . but what i do believe is that the older lady is my mom since we have the same eyes and dimples . besides these two people , and the man wearing a white coat that just walked in the door , i have no idea what is going . newline newline  kel , you have a suffered a traumatic brain injury and these people are here for you  , the man said . newline newline i was confused , they didn  t know meand i especially didn  t know them . honestly , i didn  t know anything . but if i had to go with a story , then , here it goes : newline newline my name is kel . i woke up this morning , was diagnosed with a traumatic brain injury , had some pudding , and met some new people . newline dude , we do nt have much time . i wanted you to know before we hang up , i love you . please understand i ca nt here now . the shadows are growing . you know what all this comes down to .  i said , already the thoughts echoed in my hollow feeling body . i could hear his voice crackle as he tried to push the words out . newline newline  pl..please i ca nt do this . you ca nt really expect me to do this ? !  newline newline  you have to , i ca nt keep going . i m running out of fuel , i m going to die here . it s going to rip me to shreds just like every one else . you are the only one next to him , you have to do it before it s too late . i ... i hear them , they re in the trunk ... please .  my foot laid heavy on the gas . chasing the horizon down the desert highways . newline newline  i ... he s fucking four years old ! i ca nt do that to him !  he screamed into my ear . i looked in the review mirror . the black claws dug into the headrest in the rear . i could hear the clicking of teeth and sickening shifting of red smoke began to pour from the tears in the fabric . it spread like cancer across the seat . newline newline  it s in here with me . stop it ... stop the nightmare . stop the dreaming . stop him even if he does nt know he s killing us all . you have to do it now .  i could already feel it sticking to my feet . it was humid now and a disgusting film seemed to fill the air . it was thick and hard to breath . i already felt the jagged razors cut into my shoulders . it stung horridly and i felt my body begin to shake . with every bit of strength i had left , i gripped the phone hard and said ,  kill the child , it s the right thing to do .  newline newline my vision began to blur as the wheel started to wobble and shake violently . the last thing i heard off in the distance  okay . two hours , 43 minutes and 35 seconds left . i glance around the office . am i seriously the only one who has nothing to do ? michael has his headphones on and is bobbing his head to the beat . tracy is trying to discreetly paint her nails under the table . danny is typing away like there s no tomorrow . he s probably the only one in the building still working past lunch . newline newline the thing about this office is that the boss s office is on the other side of the building . he only comes this way about once a week . it used to be great . we would just goof off and chat with each other or maybe play a game of cards . that changed when danny was hired . suddenly every time we got out of our seats was noted in his little track pad . needless to say , he is not well liked . newline newline two hours , 41 minutes and 23 seconds to go . i open chrome and start scrolling through endless pages of mind numbingly bad pictures . i see tracy stand up and walk to the bathroom . danny stops typing to note it down . tracy spins around glaring at danny . newline newline am i not allowed to go to the fucking bathroom ?  she yells . newline newline tracy , you know i m just noting how much company time is spent on the actual work .  his standard reply . newline newline tracy is angry and frustrated . she would usually finish all her work before 2 and leave but since danny arrived she has to spend three more hours here with nothing to do . newline newline her fists are clenched as she slowly walks over to danny s desk . he looks up and shrugs . tracy is fuming . she grabs the track pad and rips it in half . what the  danny yells but to no avail . tracy grabs his keyboard and smashes it against the table . tracy , stop !  danny yells even louder . newline newline i m going home now . i ve done all my work . i have no reason to be here . write that down anywhere , and i ll go visit you one day .  with that tracy grabs her purse and walks out the door . newline newline everyone is stunned into silence . i look at the clock . i still have two hours , 38 minutes and 52 seconds to go .he had finally conquered the world . all of them , in fact ! for he was finally reunited with his lovely princess . and that damn dragon had finally been killed  crushed under the weight of his mighty feet . but , as luck would have it , it was not to be thier final meeting . for the dragon had requested our hero s presence on his funeral . newline newline now , dragon funerals are tough to attend . their soul lingers around the body  harmless to mortals but not a moment at peace . their demise is only complete after their ceremonial cremation , which can only finish once they know the name of their slayer  s  . in this case , the poor dragon did nt know who the little fellow was who was exiting him from this realm . newline newline the dragon turns towards the hero and says ,  who are you ? you took away everything from me , i demand to know your name so that i may peacefully enter the next realm in my new avatar . tell me . who are you ? ?  newline newline ... newline ... newline ... newline  it s a me , mario  . newline newline : p newline newline newlinethe zombies were no problem , they were contained and killed off way too quickly to make some dramatic movie about it . werewolves and dragons were easy to convince to change alliances , especially now that scientists had perfected a memory loss injection . of all the things you d imagine , they were nt the case . newline these beasts , these ... wolves . wolves that not too long ago , you d point at and coo over them . they were the ones causing the trouble for us . stormwolves , stormbeasts , frost growlers , wherever you re from , they re deadly . they re vicious . they demand fear . newline newline anyone who can bare the pain of their frosty killing bite to tell you the stories of spying on their packs would know . they growled in hatred , they rallied up their packs and howls words deaf to human ears . their eyes burnt into your eyes in revenge , their wounds burnt in your skin like icy fire . newline why ? was it punishment for caging them up in pitiful zoos , surrounded by chaos and confusion while you laugh ? was it because they never had a chance to taste the freedom humans talked about so much ? newline i ca nt really tell , i only know a few words . one word they keep repeating is  rise u newline newline  the rest of the word trails off .  newline newline  its 3 am why am i up writing something im not gon na eidt i finally finished putting on my armour and limbered up . another day , another small sack of silver for protecting the king . i went to my kitchen to kiss my wife goodbye . there stood a 12ft dragon , fierce and purple . i kissed her shoulder and told her i d see her tonight ... . newline newline record scratch newline freeze frame newline newline yep . that s me . you re probably wondering how i ended up in this situation ? well you ve heard about the princess locked away in a castle and the knight that saved her . well yeah , i was that knight and that princess was a grade a pain in my ass . we were locked up together for a couple of nights after i took a wrong turn and fell into a boobytrap . those few nights were enough . whiny , entitled , fickle , no sense of humour ... and those were her good points . after a few nights i knew i had to get out so i challenged the dragon that stood guard to a duel , turns out she was a lover and not a fighter . we hit it off straight away . newline newline after about a year , loads of dates and some amazing times she moved in . the king was pissed , not only because i rejected his daughter but because i was bedding his mortal enemy . he wanted the dragon dead , the problem being i was the best damn dragon slayer in the land . so we married . made a couple of adjustments to the house and here we are . the boss hates me , his daughter hates me , my parents have nt visited in a year but were happy . things can get a little heated  sometimes but we ca nt deny the fire  we have in the bedroom . so that s where we are at . a knight and a dragon . married . living happily ever after . newline newline i picked up my sword and favourite shield . i turned to blow my big beautiful wife one more kiss but there she was , stood right behind me . a worried look on her face , i lifted my visor and looked into her sad eyes . newline newline reginald , i m ... pregnant  newline newline seinfeld bass line newlinei stare into her eyes : blue , like her mother s , but where hers was river water in the summer sun , these eyes are the ocean bathed in moonlight . newline newline she hands me the bullets .  green for me , red for you . yellow ... we ll deal with that when we come to it .  i laugh , a single sudden bark that hurts my parched throat . she stares back at me unblinking , her face equal parts abraham and eve . newline newline the glare of the sun  sun sun son son  off the barrel dazzles me as i load my father s revolver . i never expected it to be this light . newline newline  alright , are you ready ?  i do nt expect an answer , and she gives none . newline newline i force myself to look at the statue . in this moment , the face  the face the face the face the face  that had always seemed to me to be grimacing with rage looks beneficent . newline newline  bang . it all began to come together when i called their number ... why did i do it ? newline newline i , a 15yearold , had been living with my mother for 5 years ever since my selfish father had left us . we lived in a ghetto neighborhood , and had to have bolted doors , peepholes , gated windows , the whole shabang . she was barely scraping enough to get by , from doing odd jobs here and there . clean this attic , deliver this package , etc . this continued until my mom got involved with the wrong kind of people . she began looking shady and acted suspicious . she must have screwed up somewhere along the line or accepted a sketchy job offer that she should nt have . well , she slowly became intertwined with drug dealers and gang members . at first , she straight out denied that she had any affiliation with those kinds of people . i could tell she was nt lying and that she believed these men were innocent , so i left her be . i guess she did nt even know that she was doing illegal work , whatever that work may be . newline newline later , she began to realize what these men were , but was okay with working for them because it would only be until  another job rolled in .  only it did nt . she began coming home from work late . she called it  overtime .  then she began coming home from overtime late . newline newline it rolled in gradually and she began accumulating scratches , scars , and bruises . i d asked her multiple times and she d just shrug it off as a cat or an accidental bump into a corner . what she does for work ? only god himself knows the answer to that question . one night i heard her trying to sleep , but crying instead . i heard her admit to herself that these people were bad , and she needed to quit . i knew that there was no way for her to be able to do that  whoever these people were would kill her and take away our sole source of income . newline newline one day my mom told me who it was that she worked for . she did nt mean to , it was a slip of the tongue . we were in the middle of a conversation and she accidentally slipped it in between the cracks separating her life and mine . i could tell that when she said ,  the clowns  , she blushed a little bit too much for it to be a weird accident . my mouth provided blank words without meaning to keep the conversation going and my mom s mind occupied , while my mind focused on one thing : destroying the clowns . i do nt care if it was dirty money , my mom and me needed money to survive . i needed to somehow destroy the clowns and take their money without getting caught . but how ? newline newline i knew it was suicide , but i needed to follow my mom to work . she borrows my cousin s car on every other day  the days she had her  work   and drives to who knows where , so i ll just slip into that car before she drives off and that ll be it . newline newline i said goodbye to my mom and she walked into our tiny bathroom to brush her graying hair . once she closed the bathroom door , i silently walked outside and up to the car parked next to our house . oh no , i did nt even think about it being locked . i pulled the front door handle ... and it was nt locked . i got into the car and climbed into the backseats . hopefully she would nt look back here . newline newline a few minutes later , i heard her walking towards the old car . my heart was beating faster . she pulled the car door handle and sat in the front seat . my heart was pounding in my chest as she turned on the engine  taking a few tries  and began driving towards her wonderful place of work . newline newline a while later  i ca nt tell time when i m laying down in the backseats of a car , okay ? it was probably less than an hour .  i felt the car slow down and stop . my mom turned off the car and got out . i waited a few minutes and sat up , looking out the window . no one was around . i saw a warehouse that read ,  morgan s red lobster  more than fresh  in large , rundown letters . it was pretty obvious that this was where everyone was located at . there was a smaller shack with a more official and recent look about it , but still a sleazy look about it . i decided that now was my time to shine . newline newline opening the car door , i got out . i decided to go to the smaller shack because that s where i would nt get shanked by the town s notorious gang of juggalos . careful to look as inconspicuous as possible  i know a 15yearold at a juggalo meeting spot could nt possibly be inconspicuous , but shut up , i was 15  , i walked over to the shack and tried the handle on the double doors . the idiots left the doors open . newline newline there were dirty white tile floors in the room and the walls looked cheap . i saw nothing but chairs all around the room , until a box with some drawers in it caught my eye . it was the same color as the chairs , which was probably why i did nt see it at first . i opened each drawer and found nothing , except for one drawer on the bottom of the box . there was a paper explaining how to join this wonderful group . it said that if i call a certain number  omitted because you are sneaky internet people  , i would be calltraced and have a representative sent to my house at exactly midnight . i stashed the letter in my pocket and quickly ran back to the car , got in , and hid myself in the back seats . hours later , my mom got in and drove home . newline newline when she entered the front door , i ran as fast as i could to the back door and opened it . i thought i tricked her into thinking that i was never out , but i felt like she somehow knew ... newline newline that night , i could nt fall asleep , as i knew a clown would visit me at midnight . come midnight , the doorbell did ring . i jumped out of bed , ready for action : i was going to knock this guy out . i walked out of my room and to the front door with a wooden baseball bat  this might get messy . looking through the peephole , i became terrified , for this clown was dressed in full regalia , complete with a scepter . though shaking , i reached out for the doorknob and quickly opened it . newline newline for a fourth of a second i stood in the doorway , looking at the man . he did nt seem human . this gave me the courage to baseball bat his clown self . luckily , his hands were busy leaning on the scepter and he was not ready for a wild child to knock him upside the head with a weapon . i did nt think i killed him at the time because there was no blood , but i later found out that this guy was nt a very hard nut to crack . i put on his clown mask , his regalia , and his scepter . newline newline i knew my mom would nt mind me taking my cousin s car once my mom realized how much of a favor i was doing for her . the car took a couple startups , but the engine got going . i drove to my mom s work  i knew clowns would still be there , working and whatnot . at the time , i did nt realize it was pretty weird that i already knew the directions there , i guess i just thought i could sense the directions while in the back seats . newline newline when i arrived , the clowns were gathered outside , talking amongst themselves . i exited the car and they all turned towards me . i did not know what to expect and was growing scared . suddenly , they all began greeting me at the same time as  leader golden  ! i was really confused but , even my 15yearold self knowing the need to take advantage of this , pretended to be leader golden or whoever . i was lucky that i was wearing a mask and it muffled everyone s voices so that you would nt notice a different voice behind the mask unless they were completely different . i guess i stole the clothes of the clowns  leader . newline newline i inconspicuously walked into the warehouse and saw that it was barren , other than a room with a steel door . the door had a padlock on it and i began to lose hope of finding the riches of the gang . i realized that the leader must have the key and searched around in my pockets , when i found it . the key fit perfectly and unlocked the door into a room filled with pallets of benjamins  slang for the highest denomination of us currency  . this was almost too good to be true . i turned around and noticed a few hundred gang members behind me . i prepared myself for the worst . newline newline  the new leader chris has accepted his throne !    the new leader chris has accepted his throne !    the new leader chris has accepted his throne !   the juggalos cried in unison . newline newline i was pretty freaked out at the moment , i can tell you that . one clown walked up to me and took off their mask . it was my mom ! this was about to set off a red flag in my brain , but she pulled out a canister of  understand me gas  . at least , that s what she says it is . whatever it was , i did nt mind . i was pretty tired being up past midnight and i fell asleep pretty quick . she says that she explained things to me while i was asleep , because they were too complicated to explain while awake . i woke up and realized that my mom and the other juggalos had been preparing for years to replace their old and frail leader with a new , young , understanding leader . they found me and , with that helpful understand me gas , i realized that i was in fact destined to be the leader of the clowns . everything in my life has pointed to this . i was so silly thinking that these people were bad  they actually work against the bad people ! they are always busy killing off all the evil drug dealers and hitmen . then , so as to not be rude , they supply the exbuyers of those exdrug dealers with new drugs . these guys are my family , and i ve been their leader for 13 years now ! i ca nt believe it took me so long to realize that my mom was the hero in all of this , for allowing me to complete my destiny . newline newline thanks , mom newline  3 newline newline  edit : changed word from  crumbled  to  began to come together  ow . hi friend ! ow . i m so happy to see you . ow . sorry . ow . newline newline ow . sorry again . i m not really sure why everything is ow right now . ow . sorry . newline newline ow . are you disappointed ? i m disappointed . ow . we could play ball later . would that make up for it ? newline newline ow . i m sorry i threw up . i do nt know why i did that . ow . i did nt even eat frootloops off the floor like last time . owwwwww newline newline ow . no do nt stop petting my ears . i do nt know why but it helps . ow . no please do nt cry i ll be a good boy . ow . i m sorry . ow . i ca nt make it stop . newline newline i wish we were home . this bed is hard and cold . ow . i miss rabbit . there s nothing to chew here . ow . i ll be good though i promise newline newline ow . no ! sorry . i did nt mean to be loud i know you hate that . that pointy thing just hurt that s all . ow . huh . is there something fuzzy on me ? newline newline ow ... this is good , it s getting better . we can play ball after i take a nap . i ll feel better soon ... ... ...every morning asov lyusar played little game with himself . he would stand in front of a mirror and say some joke phrase while waving his hand . he would say silly things like  this sandwich is free of charge for you sir  or  i ll our most expensive wine to go with that burger sir  . then he would make an angry face and say things like  those mind tricks do nt work on me stupid jedi  . then he would step away and murmur to himself  one day i ll show that bastard . one day !  . newline newline it happened when he was just yang padawan , day after his master thought him the mind trick . he went to a really expensive restaurant and instead of paying for a food he tried to mind trick the waiter . it did nt work . he than had to work for six months in that restaurant to repay the debt . thankfully his master forgave him and continued to train him . as a good jedi he was nt holding grudge . at least that was what he was telling himself . but that was a lie . the anger slowly built up . newline newline then one day he was particularly angry . as usual he stood in front of a mirror and said  i m not a joke ! i m actually a very strong jedi !  while waving the hand . then he stepped away and instead of saying something about mind tricks not working he continued  i m gon na show that bastard what s up ! no , actually i m gon na show everybody what s up ! screw the order ! screw the republic ! screw the galaxy !  . he grabbed his lightsaber and off he went . newline newline if it was nt for the meticulous records of the jedi order we would have thought that asov lyusar just disappeared . however there was one small incident in a restaurant near the jedi temple . allegedly one jedi has tried to mind trick local waiter but he did nt realize that every waiter must have anti mind trick helmets . the jedi then proceeded to trash the place before being overpowered and killed by the restaurant s security guard . newlinethey knocked on the door . newline newline we held the line . newline newline they shouted vague mumblings . newline newline we reinforced our barricades . newline newline they spoke . newline newline we did not listen . newline newline they tried to get in through the chimney . newline newline we blocked our chimney and lined what was accessible with serrated blades . newline newline they sent microphones down . newline newline we smashed them and threw them in the trash disposal . newline newline they tried to send exploding plaguebearers in kelvar at us . newline newline we ensured walls withstood the blast . newline newline they sent their kindred with hammers , and axes . newline newline we had traps ready for them . newline newline they spoke , intelligence belying their infected state , asking for an interview . newline newline we refused to be infected . newline newline they claimed to not be the undead . newline newline we refused to believe them . newline newline they elaborated on why it was impossible for them to be zombies . newline newline we refused to believe them . newline newline they tried to get us , to end our fortified base  reign , as what may be the last bastion of humanity left . newline newline we survive the zombie apocalypse . newline newline we refused to believe them . newline newlinewell , it finally did start , just like all those stories and movies , or so it would seem . the dead returned from their graves they called it the reckoning , apocalypse or whatever it was . it started with a virus , or maybe it was a demon nobody is very sure anymore , just that they came in scores from the cemeteries and the oceans , like puppets on a string  relentless . those who stood to fight it did nt stand a chance . newline newline that was three years ago . newline newline i suppose this is a postapocalyptic world now , dystopian , if you would call it that . it was a wonder i d survived so long . maybe it had something to do with the library i was in . it took my mind off the worst of it . on most days i read , some days i wrote . it was a miracle , but the place still had running water . books i d read of which i was nt very fond of made a questionably good stew . newline newline i had nt wandered outside in six months . newline newline for what its worth , i was still alive . oh wow , the world is dying .  newline newline  no way ,  i said nonchalantly . newline newline  yeah , i mean look at the skyscrapers on fire , and the sky all grey like .  newline newline my eyes panned up from my phone and fell on the window . behind the silhouette of my friend , i indeed saw the apocalypse approaching .  meh .  newline newline he turned to me and scowled ,  will you please get off tumblr and help ? ! you re the only one who can !  newline newline the only response he received was the sound of my occasional chuckles at the posts .  dude , i m a weeabo , i ve got to look at all this attack on titan shit .  newline newline a large bang echoed outside , followed by a cacophony of screams , but my friend s heavy footsteps drowned it out . he loomed over me and threw the phone out of my hand . it shattered against the wall . jumping up , i screamed out ,  what the fuck was that ?  newline newline  that was a kick up the ass ! you re the guy who made it out of that maze and received the gift , you ve got to stop this !  newline newline i looked down and let out a benign chuckle .  what ?  he hissed out . my chuckling continued , until finally i looked up with a sharp grin on my pale face .  i m also a vampire .  newline newline remember to look up ,  he had said . newline newline the words felt especially deep tonight  and more real than ever before . blurred by the nuclear haze to the west , the evening s first stars had begun to speak as sweetly as her brother . lana listened to the crackle of tiny stones beneath the hard rubber of her nearly threadbare mountain bike tires . just as the awareness and awe of stars in the heavens , the rounded , spoked saviors had been a gift from jonathan as well  each mile ridden , the bitter sweet chorus of a song of survival , and of hope . newline newline hopping off of the bike , the swimming pool of exhaustion , emotion , and adrenaline that was lana s new existence sloshed to a slow , easy ebb , moving gently back and forth in her head . newline newline 30 miles today , she thought . far enough to fight another day .  newline newline giving in to the cradling arms of the now dark and star speckled sky , the world around her faded as she fell asleep . newline newline cccccrrrraaaahhhahahahahahah !  newline newline lana s soft breathing was immediately replaced by the sound of her katana s blade leaving it s protective sheath . time ceased to exist , and as she focused , everything around her morphed to the form of the the giant , antlike creature that scrambled rapidly toward her . newline newline schiing !  newline newline a swift stroke of the blade later , the  giant   as they were called  fell , it s head rolling away , trailing dark syrupy blood in its wake . she had felt strong enough to survive anything the last time jonathan stood watch over their camp . now , alone and afraid , she was nt sure . newline newline she did nt want to look up . she did nt want to have to remember . jon had always done that . a tear fell heavy onto the hard , crusted soil , and hopelessness overcame lana . three days after his death and she was crumbling . weeping herself back to sleep , she dreamed of him . the stars above sang silent lullabies , and as her chest rose and fell , they watched the unforgiving world turn . nature takes it s course . suffering is inevitable . but hope is essential . when you find yourself losing it , and night falls , remember to look up .  in the fog of her dream , lana touched the ghost of her brothers face as it faded into the sunrise of another day . in the distance the city of esperanza , home of the human resistance stood shimmering , and in her subconscious state , lana clung to the mirage for dear life .it was about 3 in the morning on june 30th , 2014 when i woke up in a coughing fit . i felt my throat hack up the blood all over my bed , which prompted me to stumble my way to the bathroom . flipping the light switch , i saw a phantom in the mirror . my eyes were sunken , and a foul mixture of blood , snot , and spit covered my mouth . the image in the mirror went out of focus as i continued my adventure in coughing . chunks of something started coming out of my mouth , and i bent over the basin trying to get rid of all of the pain . when my eyes opened again , i saw that the sink was covered in more of my own blood then i d ever seen before , and that s saying something . newline newline as my eyes slowly found their way back to mirror , i nearly jumped out of my skin . on my bed a man sat , silhouetted by the full moon coming in from the window . i snapped my head around to the shadow , and that same moment the light in the bathroom went out . newline newline  who s there ?  i halfsaid , halfasked , without the slightest trace of a choke or cough . newline newline the man smiled , a beacon of white in the darkness of my room .  stephen benson , 17 years old . slowly dying , well at least until now , of leukemia .  his manner almost seemed rehearsed , like he had given a speech like this many times .  your question of who ?  is amusing to say the least , as i m not a who  and more of a wha  ...  newline newline his sigh filled the room as his head dropped down .  he s not even that afraid , man . what are you doing ?  he whispered in an unsuccessful pep talk . newline newline the gravity of the situation slowly dawned on me .  holy shit ... you re , you re death . like , the grim reaper ? do you have the scythe and all that crap ?  newline newline his head creeped back up from his chest , and even in the darkness i could feel his gaze . all at once all of the lights in my room came on . what i saw was nothing from a nightmare , at least not the average ones . newline newline what i saw was a middleaged man , brown hair with blue eyes , dressed head to toe in a navy blue threepiece suit . in other words , a completely normal looking guy . other than the part about him being in my bed at three in the morning . that was nt so normal . newline newline from his crystal blues eyes leaked tears , tears which ran down his face on to his immaculate suit .  no , there s no scythe , no robe , no skeleton body . just me . death .  newline newline for the first time since my coughing fit , the air got trapped in my throat . not from irritation , just from shock .  um ... uh . well , i know it s none of my business , but , sir , you look rather sad . sir .  what the hell was i doing , i thought . newline newline  cut the sir bull crap . i ve had billions of people try to get me to save them by being perfectly mannered little shitheads . so do nt try to pull that on me .  the statement sounded intense , but even after it was said his head was back to staring at his lap . newline newline  oh , no no no ! i was nt trying anything like that . it s just , you look ... uh , what s the word ...  newline newline  disillusioned ? lost ? discombobulated beyond any point of happiness ?  newline newline  disillusioned was actually the one i was thinking of . but , yeah . all of those things . so ... this is going to sound weird , but , i do nt know ... have you always bee  newline newline  been death ? yes . yes i have . ever since the first cell came about , i was there to exterminate it . i ll give you credit kid , most people do nt ask the philosophicaltype questions when they re on my doorstep , if you ll pardon the expression . most are a lot more afraid . maybe i ve just lost my touch .  he gazed off in the distance again , looking for something that simply was nt there . newline newline my eyes darted back and forth , speechless .  well , to be fair , you are scaring the shit out of me right now . i ve just been close enough to you for a few months now . i m ready .  i felt my back straighten ever so slightly as i tried to meet death s gaze . newline newline he stood up , and it was at that moment i fully realized who i was in the same room with . he towered over me , his shoulders broad and his hands like the heads of shovels . in other words , death truly was terrifying . one of his mammoth hands slipped into the breast pocket , pulling out a small bottle of pills . newline newline  i know it s a bit rude , what with us just having met , but i m thinking about ending it all , right here , right now .  he ran his fingers over the lid of the bottle , investigating it meticulously . newline newline  wait , wait , wait . you can kill yourself ? death ca nt die , i do nt care what lovecraft had to say on the subject .  i would have normally been very proud of that reference , but i could nt think about it much at the moment . newline newline  first off : you re not the first one to make that joke , so do nt put yourself on a pedestal . secondly , i ve thought about this a lot . it took me a century to get these pills though . i ve worked hard enough for this end . do nt try to stop me .  newline newline the lid came off the bottle , and he poured the pills into his hand . they were like nothing i had ever seen before . shiny and dark purple , they definitely were nt from any earthly pharmacy . newline newline  what the hell are those ?  i stepped towards him , and felt incredibly cold . newline newline  you just found out that i can die and you expect to understand what can kill me ? that s adorable . it does nt matter what they are , the bottom line is i ca nt make any more . these are the only pills of their kind . like i said , i ve worked hard for this .  newline newline i took another few steps toward him , and my fingers started to go numb from the cold .  so what the hell happens to all the people that have to die after you re gone ? your job is really important , it needs to be done .  newline newline he stopped staring at the pills in his hand and finally seemed to really notice me .  i do nt know what happens . maybe i ll get replaced . i m not even sure these will work , but i have to try . i have to ...  his eyes went back to empty space . newline newline at that moment i had two realizations : 1 . i had no way of changing his mind , he did nt even take me seriously and 2 . if i could nt change his mind , i could try stopping him . i took three quick steps toward him , and snatched the pills from his hand . as i clutched them , my hand went completely rigid . newline newline his eyes widen and he grabbed at me , but with the little energy i had left i stumbled backwards and fell against the wall . i brought my hand to mouth , looked at him , and said ,  you have no idea what these will do to you . i wonder what they d to me .  newline newline death took another step towards me , then stopped abruptly .  you know , after millennia of doing this , very little surprises me . you managed to surprise me . congratulations . now give those back to me . they re dangerous .  newline newline he reached towards me again , but i slipped the pills into my mouth from my dead hand . despite how dry my mouth was , they went down smoothly . death s face went completely blank . newline newline  i thought , i thought you were bluffing . listen , if you throw up right now they might not take effe  newline newline at that moment my veins became jet black , and i felt my head start to vibrate . all the pain in my chest or throat was gone . slowly my vision went out of focus , and i slumped down against the wall . newline newline when i came to , i was standing , looking at my own body . huh , so this whole lifeafterdeath thing is real , i thought . i looked around for death , but saw him nowhere . it was around that time that i noticed my body moving .  what the hell ? um ... stephen ?  my voice sounded abnormally deep . newline newline my body stood up with some pains , then looked up into my eyes .  oh you ve got to joking . this can not be happening ...  newline newline i looked down at my hands , i noticed they were much bigger than they ought to be .  there s no way ...  i whispered to myself . newline newline  there is a way . those pills can do anything . even this .  his ... my , eyes began to water . newline newline we stood there for a long time , him crying , me speechless . after what seemed like forever , he spoke to me , his eyes trained on my chest . newline newline  do it . kill me . please . you re already dead , just finish the job .  newline newline  i ... i ca nt . i do nt want to be death ! i was just about to be gone . i could finally be finished .  newline newline  you just do nt have a spine . stephen bennett , you re pathetic .  newline newline  i m not pathetic ! i want to figure out a way back . also , it s benson , you forgetful asshol  newline newline he began shouting ,  bennett , benson , whatever . i m out of here .  he limped towards to and grabbed my hand . i was too shocked to be grabbed by myself to stop him . he brought my hand up to his chest . he slowly exhaled , and as he did i watched his soul leave my body . newline newline i would ve stayed around to talk , but i ve got a job to do .angela sat waiting , her manicured nails clinking against the desk . it was almost time , she thought , as she swung her long dark hair from left to right . her feet were nervously tapping on the floor , a sure sign of what was to come ... if ever anyone noticed . newline newline  buzz ...  the alarm bounces off the wall of the small office . picking up the black lunch box she stands from her desk and heads into the break room . newline newline  he would be there  she muttered forcing herself to walk steady . once inside angela finds a table near the back of the room , from here she would have a full view of the area  she could watch the people moving like ants in an assembly line . newline newline she caressed the lunch box lovingly , anticipating the moment she would seek her revenge ... revenge on all of them for their hateful words , snide remarks , and hurtful jokes . newline newline when he walks in with his perfect brown locks , angela reaches for the zipper . his blue eyes bounce from woman to woman as if search for his next prey  the charming smile that once melted hearts now seemed a predatory gleam . newline newline a little closer , angela thinks unzipping the lunch box slowly . his eyes find hers , a question in them , but she just nods her head , smiles , and continues to unzip the box . he watches her hand as she slowly reaches inside . angela almost purrs as her hand clasps the curved surface . she pulls it out and snaps back the top , lifting it slowly to her mouth . a look of surprise crosses his face . newline newline she would have her revenge soon , she smiles back at him  gingerly taking a bite of the banana .with his last blow , i was dead  my skull crushed into hundreds of pieces . newline newline what i saw next surprised me . i expected darkness with death  just black nothingness . never really believed in anything besides myself . newline newline anyway , i just popped into existence , or reexistence rather , in a deli down the street from where the bastard had just clobbered me . newline newline i had just died . at least i m pretty certain that s what happens when you get your face beaten in . and yet , i was there , in chicago . nothing was different . newline newline i looked down at my body . i lifted my arms to show my hands . to my surprise , they were completely clean after being covered in blood just minutes earlier . newline newline i then further analyzed my surroundings . customers filled the deli , car s and bicycles filled the streets , pedestrians filled the sidewalks . it sure looked like i was there on that same street  it had even begun to sprinkle just like the weather had predicted . and yet , i could nt help but feel a bit strange about the whole thing ... maybe due to the fact that i had just been brutally murdered on the same street just minutes earlier . any sane person could deduce that . newline newline so what to do . what does anyone do after they die ? i did nt even believe in the afterlife . i guessed that i was in fact in the afterlife . but how ? why ? i never prayed to jesus , allah , buddha , the alien in the sky , whatever you want to call it . newline newline i decided to grab a cocacola and go investigate the scene of the crime . newline newline after taking only a few steps outside the shop , i saw a huge crowd forming right wear i had just been killed . i ran over to see what the fuss was all about . i pushed and squeezed my way into the crowd until finally i reached the object of everyone s fascination . newline newline when i reached the middle of the crowd , i instantly understood what all the fuss was about . two men lied in the street , battered and bloodied and dead . one of those men was me , and the other , my killer . there was a small knife wound in his chest . in his left hand was a meat tenderizer and in his right , a switchblade . newline newline i did nt know how to react . in fact , i did nt know how to react to any of this . newline newline slowly , i looked up into the crowd . i noticed the boots of one man . they were eerily familiar to a pair of boots i had seen earlier that day . a pair of boots that were worn by the fucker who was lying there next to me on the street . i worked my way up toward his eyes to find that he had already been glaring at me from across the crowd . newline newline once our eyes locked , he moved towards me , holding the same meat tenderizer with which he bashed my face in just minutes earlier . i tried to run , but the crowd blocked me in . he began swinging at my head . i could nt stop him  i had nowhere to go . he struck me in the head repeatedly . and with his last blow , i was dead  my skull crushed into hundreds of pieces . newlinehis jaw dropped . a smile crept over his face as he whispered to himself ,  finally  as if he had manifested this day for himself . clarity caught him and he ran outside to look into the sky , laughing and shouting ,  finally !  . ryer had hoped this day would occur in his lifetime since childhood . and he saw nothing . newline newline panic ensued as parties raged . those who were interested were now elated . those who were skeptical , now fearful . mass runs on resources in futile attempt to prepare for perceived armageddon were ubiquitous . first gas station lines and then  no gas here  signs . the isles of the groceries were completely empty . however more concerning than that was the looting of every gun or ammunition from any available retailer . law enforcement , dumbfounded themselves , were delayed by the gravity of the situation . while the militaries of every capable nation hopelessly trained their missiles on our invisible guest . newline newline despite their esoteric knowledge of this possibility , the religious leaders scrambled to incorporate this event into the paradigms they had been selling for centuries . to maintain control , fear of god , and order . but the people knew , and they knew it as well . this changes everything . all the violence and dogma over which prophet knows the correct road to awe dissolved in the realization that we are not alone . that there is more to know and we , likely , know nothing . newline newline the message was peaceful but its implication was nothing of the sort .  they are asking us for help  laurie said nervously , putting a positive spin on a tense situation , as mothers will .  they are asking for mercinaries !  , the excitement in ryer s voice as clear as the alien message . he envisioned himself in a great hall , or a high school cafeteria , signing up to join whatever cause it was . he saw himself in the still unseen alien ship , holding an alien weapon . he walked the surface of alien landscapes , in alien space suits , all designed in his own mind . newline newline the nations of the world conceded the honor to the country with the greatest penchant for war and weaponry , the united states of america . at first the top brass was unsure of how to do so , but the second there was an affirmative to hear the celestial foreigners out , they unveiled their ships . thousands of them , massive and glowing spheres and their accompanying vessels littered our view of space and sky . they were listening to the entirety of all words spoken in audience of electronics , the same electronics the message had come from . every dinner table discussion next to a radio , and every option or consideration available to the president . newline newline a singular ship descended to a mile north of the white house , with surface to air missiles trained on the ship , the roar of fighter jets continuously passing overhead and the incessant whirl of armed helicopters , a beam hit the great lawn and an almost transparent , naked , human like creature descended from the ship newline newline newline newline newlineit all started with the last birth . newline newline it was about nine months after the enlightenment , the day that the government released the hormones into the air . somehow , they unlocked the innate ability for people to be immortal . even more impressively , they convinced the great majority of the world in consenting . newline newline suddenly , death was no longer something to fear , bar the occasional accident . mankind had transcended to nirvana , greater than ever before . newline newline but we were wrong . oh so wrong . newline newline i remember being there with my wife in the delivery room  excited , nervous and anxious all at the same time . we had been trying to have kids for the longest but things never worked out . after a grueling period of small chances and high risks , we were beyond joyed to find out that our prayers would be answered . there was finally a light at the end of the tunnel . newline newline yet , when she gave the last push , our dreams were shattered . there had been no prior issues during her pregnancy . hell , she only had one instance of morning sickness as far as i can tell , but it didn  t take a doctor to tell something had gone wrong . newline newline our baby was different . it reminded me of the plastic dolls my sister played with as a child  cold and genderless . it breathed , sure , but it never seemed to be a alive . to be honest , i thought it was soulless . newline newline my suspicions weren  t unfounded . several reports told us that we weren  t alone in our predicament . children from all over the world were showing the same symptoms , later to be known addressed as the dolls . i was glad to see i wasn  t alone in my observation . newline newline there was panic at first , as expected . new parents were distraught while expecting ones waited in fear . the babies were born and died shortly after , most only lasting a few hours . my wife and i were  lucky  and got a whole day with ours . newline newline as people realized the universal effects , they turned to scientists , priests , or anyone who would listen to their laments . they were all so desperate for answers , rightfully so . yet , no one could explain the phenomenon . their only solace was that we had the rest of eternity to find out . newline newline well , time passed and so did society . any woman who willfully stayed pregnant was insane , branded a lunatic by whoever found out . abortions reached an alltime high , clinics opening their doors at all times . even the most conservative of hearts changed their stance during those dark times . newline newline and then , they discovered the root of all the problems . in a groundbreaking discovery , scientists had discovered what they believed to be the human soul . the story buzz , spreading to all corners of the world . but it wasn  t just that which had people buzzing . it was the implication of their findings . newline newline apparently , souls are much like energy . there is a limited source in the universe , recycled when needed but never created nor destroyed . this system had worked fine before . people died and their souls were reborn into others at birth so they could start a new life . reincarnation , in a sense . newline newline but when immortality was in play , we broke the fundamental rule of the universe . suddenly , energy came to screeching halt . with few deaths , no souls could be reborn . and with the few deaths that happened , they were removed from the cycle . being immortal , we had disrupted the natural progression of souls . instead of leaving a body , they remained static , stuck in an internal limbo . newline newline we were destroying energy . newline newline the world went to shit after that . there was only so much we could do . mankind had given itself an expiration date . once the last person died , the species would be no more . there could be no more births . all we had to push our existence forward were the glassy eyes dolls , like god  s sick joke at our impudence . our pursuit of knowledge would be our downfall and we had no one to blame but ourselves . newline newline now , there aren  t many of us left . i  ve lost tracks of the years . it  s been eons and the deaths have tallied up . i lost my wife years ago , too long to feel the pain any more . i just hope that even if her soul was gone , she was in a better place . she didn  t deserve any of this . none of us did . newline newline yet , somehow i am here , staring death in the face . it  s scary , knowing i  m immune yet powerless to stop it at the same time . i think about my childhood , when the first mention of death sent me into a frenzy . it was confusing , inconceivable . i was the thing i hoped to avoid as long as i could . newline newline but now , i  ve never wanted it more .the end was coming and we all saw it . the leaders who claimed their voice was for the people led to our inevitable demise . the more they grew powerful the less of a democracy we became . it was subtle , but the corporations controlled everything . we could nt stop it no matter what .  sign this petition  ,  call your leader  ,  email your superiors  .. all feeble attempts at reclaiming our position as people and not puppets . we could nt stop them , no body could . they were too powerful to be stopped with paper and signatures , they controlled everything and we were powerless . newline newline greed seeped through everything we touched . leaders were corrupt , corporations were unstoppable , the people were helpless and we had had enough . newline newline when rational attempts for repairs was thrown back at us , money stolen from our accounts , civil liberties demolished and lies fed to us on a daily basis . we had had enough , the revolution needed to begin . desperate measures turned once civilised people into angry , irrational fear struck vessels . seeking for answers and open doors people squabbled for the right choice . in the end it boiled down to one thing , we needed to react with violence . we never knew when it was going to come , we never had a clock or an event planned , but everyone knew the foundations were going to crumble soon . newline newline one man started it all . a middle class man whose life was destroyed by the powers that be , walked into a bank with a grenade and a heart full of hate . as insanity struck him and rational thought was a distant memory , he pulled the pin . newline newline 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... and the revolution began .i m floating , bathed in light . my wife and son are by my side . i ca nt see any floor below me , or ceiling above , but i m oddly calm about this . i ca nt remember how long i ve been like this , but it feels like heaven , so i just go with it . newline newline suddenly , i awaken to find total darkness . i ca nt feel a thing , and this worries me . i ve read enough stories , seen enough movies , tv , etc , to know that waking up to absolutely no feeling in my body whatsoever , plus total darkness , is a very very bad thing . newline newline i immediately scramble to get up so i can find a light switch . suddenly , my vision is flooded with light . what the ... newline newline after a moment , it adjusts , and i see a bunch of people in lab coats staring at me . oh god oh god oh god , i remember now , the car accident ! i can see their lips moving , but not hear anything . i strain to hear them , and suddenly i hear them clear as day . newline newline   is complete . look , i think he s waking up . besides a couple of flares of worry and one of panic , the patient seems to be doing well  one of them said .  yes , besides being dead  the other said flatly . oh god what !  but he s not dead , he s right there now !  a third one explains , and gestures towards me . i ve had enough , i try to speak up . newline newline  what s going on here ... .and why does my voice sound so funny ?  i asked . this was unnerving to say the least , who were these people ? ! they re not doctors ! newline newline  oh good , you are awake ! greetings . i m dr. pepper , no relation to the soft drink , and your voice sounds funny , because ... well ... this is going to be a lot to take in ... i m not sure i should quite say ...  he trailed off .  oh come on ! your voice sounds funny because you re in a computer core . that s why . oh , you might feel some disorientation too .  another one added . the one that accused me of being dead before . newline newline  okay ... what ? why ca nt i feel anything ?  i asked . this was getting confusing , and starting to sound like scifi . newline newline  about a year ago , you were in an accident . it left you in a coma , with most of your body badly broken beyond healing . we needed a test subject , and you had a donor card , so ... we tried an experimental new procedure on you , something that would change everything ! and here you are now . alive and well . and you will never age , never die , you ca nt get cancer , you ca nt get sick , no more pain even !  added a new voice from behind me . i tried to turn around , but found myself unable to move . newline newline  oh how rude of me , allow me to introduce myself  he stated , stepping into my field of vision .  i am professor claw , and you , you re a whole new life form ! we ve put your mind in a computer core !  he added , and grinned . my mind ... in a computer . they mentioned this bullshit before . newline newline  where am i , then ? where s my body ?  i ask . i d rather be flesh and bone than this . newline newline  it ... may be a little unsettling , so prepare yourself .  the doctor stated , wheeling over a lump under a blanket in front of me .  this is why we did what we ve done .  he tells me , pulling the blanket back . newline newline oh ... dear god ... that s just ... maybe this is better after all . newline newline  you are in a robotics lab , we intend to build you a new body , give you all your senses back , give you your life back if possible .  he told me . newline newline i stopped paying attention to him , as i noticed a black robed figure staring at me from the corner of the room . i would nt have found this so fascinating , even in stark contrast to the white lab coats everyone had on , if not for the fact he was transparent . newline newline and he starts to step soundlessly towards me .          dropcap  newline newline tomess ghast went through the red wakes landing procedure , toggling the primary power generators down to standby mode and disabling the shields , his fingers flipping through the banks of switches by muscle memory . to him , it was as effortless as breathing . newline newline the final action was to lower the boarding ramp , the pistons hissing and coolant vapor spilling out as it clanged against the tarmac . with that he undid the crash harness strapping him into the pilot s seat and rose , turning towards the stern of his ship . claustrophobic , that was the only way to describe the interior of a bansheev2 . the narrow hallway was scarcely wide enough for two people to squeeze past one another , the few bulkheads and hatches even tighter . the armory directly opposite the captain s quarters was the size of a narrow closet , the tiny workbench tucked away against the forward bulkhead . newline newline there was little for him to grab . he already had his merrsonn model 53  quicktrigger  blaster pistol strapped to his thigh and wore a flexible blast vest over his kit . ghast just grabbed a scattergun off its rack , slinging it over his shoulder with its strap before making his way to the exit ramp . newline newline his feet rung on the metal grating as he scanned the horizon around him , observing the few scattered ships loading or unloading cargo as dockers shifted about pallets and crates , a few hover transports taking their loads away to be distributed elsewhere . the air was painfully thin , and his breath fogged as he labored to breathe . ghast glanced at his crono , the builtin altimeter reading nearly five kilometers . to most beings it would seem strange to build a major spaceport on top of a major mountain , but there was a reason for that on the world of naalol . newline newline parked near the edge of the tarmac , it only took a few short steps to see the reason why . a thin barrier was all that seperated him and a shear kilometer drop that dissolved into grey nothingness . he leaned down to pick up a loose bolt and tossed it over the fence , watching as the fog swallowed it whole . no doubt he d never see it again . newline newline when he first received the job over he did his research , pouring over the old imperial and even older republic records of the world of naalol . a primarily mountainous planet , it had been colonized sometime in the last two thousand years by humans and other species , coming to the world for its rich ores . in any other case it would have been a garden world , but one detail made it a difficult world to settle  the fog . newline newline curiously , it was not made up of water or even methane vapor but rather a biological microorganism rather like a plankton which gave off bursts of radiation similar to a weapons grade emp . unless properly shielded vehicles and droids could not function and so a state of enforced primitive technology existed for anything want to live at sea level , in essence driving beings back twentyfive thousand years in advances . newline newline the whir of a shuttlebus caught his attention and he turned from the precipice , patting the stock of the scattergun slung at his side . he had a feeling he d be needing it .day 365 newline newline a whole year since everybody on this planet disappeared . everybody ... except me , that is . at first i thought i was in a dream , everything was just so surreal . i was happily catching my eighth pidgey for the day when everything turned silent , as if the world had decided to shut down . out of everything that could have caused this  glitch in the matrix  , it just had to be pokemon go . the part that really sucks is there were nt even any real pokemon to catch . whoever , or whatever did this to me clearly did nt want to entertain my childhood fantasy of living in a pokemon universe . those assholes . newline newline i still spend my days catching pokemon . it s all i really do nowadays . eat , sleep , and catching them all . except i ve actually already caught all of the pokemon available in australia . i ve got at least 5 copies of even the rarest ones . once you get to know where they spawn it really is nt hard to find them . i wish niantic had nt made so many pokemon regionspecific . still , i could nt justify learning to fly a plane or captain a ship just to catch some imaginary regionlocked pokemon so i can show them off to the zero other humans left on this planet . either way , i am without a doubt , the greatest pokemon trainer on this planet . ha . ha . newline newline day 847 newline newline what is going on ?  i looked at my pokemon go screen with more excitement than i d felt in months . this can not be real .  yet the animation was there . i struggled to recall if i d set that one up myself within the last 30 minutes . no , definitely not , i had run out of lures many months ago . i do nt even remember the last time i set one up . a sudden wave of panic and fear swept over me . could there be someone else out there ? was my reality about to be  reconnected  with the realities of the other 7.4 billion or so people that had just suddenly vanished ?  i suddenly felt the need to sprint towards the location of the pokestop . i had to get there before the lure runs out . i closed in on my target . my heart was thudding intensely . i had nt felt this level of anticipation since i saw my first ever dragonite . i walked up to the pokestop  southern cross station  one of favourite train stations . i used to catch this train to work all the time back when i still had a job . but something was nt quite right ... the station sign had something beneath it . i leaned in closer , there was a small piece of paper glued to the bottom of the sign . my heart rate must have doubled as i reached out to grab the piece of paper . the words written on it were in an instantly recognizable font , identical to the pokemon go font i d read a million times on the loading screen . the words read :  niantic : augmented reality simulation  1 : complete .  newline newlinecan love extend species ? newline newline during the lightspace trip between earth and tark , famed actress melia seckrin was with one of the tarkenites . darad , the tarkenite diplomat , admitted to it as soon as they exited lightspace and where confronted with video evidence . translated to common english he said  it has been several years now since our species communicated and created faster than light travel . what was shown then to not kill each other at first sight . i know how humans think and i know how humans work , and you want to stay far away from anything you do nt know until you know it . melia and i have just understood this faster than the rest of you  he later refused contact and no further comments where made . melia , who was still open to communication received harsh comments and several questions .  nothing is wrong , biologically , mentally , physically , or emotionally , with me or him , it . it is understandable how people would think ill of me , but i prefer it this way and , if we do live in a logical existence , you will to .  they will both be tried in the common ground satellites above the tarken planet . darad will be tried for breaking of ancestral code , and melia will be tried for interspecies advancements of communications . debates will be held on forums 5 , 7 , and 9 .if you ve ever thought dealing with the world was tough , try dealing with more than one reality . seriously , it sucks . just the other day , i almost forgot i was in a world where gravity applied and had to stop myself from leaving home by jumping out the window . of course , being a jumper has its fringe benefits . for example , i ca nt remember the last time i had to use a car to go anywhere , and i never run out of butter . then again , i could o without the constant other dimensional intruders . for example , just last week i was making a sandwich with the fine grain rye bread i had gotten from plexonius , when a vermelian sparbeast burst in through my kitchen portal . it took me hours to get him under control and back to vermal . but all in all , i would nt have it any other way . nothing beats having an easy escape from an awkward pause . besides , i m sure it gives the conversation new life when i disappear in a puff of smoke . that s got to be something they can talk about . newline newline i never should have followed that ant . if only i had known . i take a deep breath , ring in hand . i whisper to myself ,  you ve only got one shot , do not miss your chance to blow , this opportunity comes once in a lifetime .  i walk up to her and propose a date , which will hopefully lead to something ... more . newline newline  yo , girl ,  i say .  i heard you like fancy places so i booked us a fancy spot at a fancy restaurant to have a fancy meal together .  newline newline  k thx m8  she replies . later that evening , we went to the fanciest restaurant in the city : the rarest pepe . our table for two is right in the middle of the dining are , lit with candles for an extra romantic aura . newline newline as we sit down , she exclaims ,  this shit is lit , bro  , to which i reply ,  you know it .  the waiter arrives momentarily , and asks us ,  do you remember the specials ? pepperidge farms remembers .  newline newline i say ,  i m legally blind !  , allowing my  hopefully  future bride to make the choice . newline newline she says ,  am i the only one who would like some lobster ?  the waiter shakes his head .  shame .  he replies . newline newline we eventually order the rare pepe , and the perfect time comes to pop the question . i look her in the eyes and say ,  such good , many wow .  she gasps : never have such complex words escaped my mouth . i go on .  le eyes are the sparkling with joy all day and night . git gud you can not , for you are le perfect .  i reach into my pocket for the ring , hold it up and ask the question : newline newline  if you decide to marry me on a big cellphone , is it a ringtone ?  newline newline she snickers a bit .  wow , fggt , git 360 no scoped bich .  she walks out of the restaurant , humming the trololol song , and i stand rejected . newline newline  when you try your best but you do nt succeed ...  newline newline                                                                                                            newline hey ! this is , like , my second prompt on this subreddit , so sorry if it s not good . after all , i did use a bunch of dank memes . newline hope you liked it nonetheless !i had been consumed by it , i had let it consume me . i just needed to know , i had to know why , why something like this happened , why it always happened . why had my son died when i had lived . the multiverse held my answer i was sure , just as it held the whole of the cosmos it must hold my answer . i used whatever i could to continue my voyage through time and dimensions , time travel , magic , ancient rituals , all of it . now here i was , my insides twisted and my outside pristine , both of them locked forever in that form . newline newline my heartbeat was the background of the universe , and my skin was cold like the void of space . my eyes were distant always and my blood ran like molasses through my veins but i needed to know . i had gotten this far and i needed to know . newline newline then , in no particularly interesting world in a very lackluster universe i got my answer .  why had my son died while i lived ?  i asked the universe as i watched a kinder me hug a wife i had long since forgotten , teary eyed . newline newline  he died because you lived .  said the infinity .  even now you kill him , every moment you witness his death it is because you have taken it . had you not flown so close to the sun , had you accepted it as so many do , then maybe these lines your son would still breathe .  newline newline and it was true , i could feel his life force even now fill me . i knew that whatever voice had spoken had spoken truth . but it did nt matter . nothing mattered . i had my answer , and that was all i ever wanted .the waves lap against my bare feet as i walk along the shore . he s there , holding my hand , his pants rolled up to his shins , his shoes tied together by their laces and hanging over his shoulder . he looks down at me as we stroll along the shore , smiling .  newline newline   you do nt want to go back , do you ?  he says .  newline newline i smile up at him .  can we stay another day or two ? i feel so relaxed here ...   newline newline he stops walking and takes my other hand , pulling me toward him .  absolutely ,  he says , leaning down for a kiss ... newline newline a flash of red light startled me awake . i blinked a few times and rubbed my eyes , but the flashing did nt go away . i turned to the wall to get a blank surface in my field of vision , so i could read my internals . newline newline warning : dream file corrupted . sequence aborted .  newline newline i sighed and tapped the implant in my temple with one finger . the error message and its red light disappeared . newline newline i heard rustling as erica shifted in the bunk above me .  luann ? something wrong ?  newline newline  did nt wake you , did i ?  i asked . newline newline  nah , i m still up reading . i ve got an exam tomorrow morning and i am not ready for it.  newline newline  well , my dream crashed . just about to get to the good part , too.  newline newline  oh ?  newline newline lucky for me , she was in the top bunk and could nt see me blush .  never mind that . i m pissed it crashed and woke me up , but i guess i m glad too . you hear awful stories about what happens when someone gets a bad program and it wo nt abort.  newline newline  like that guy over in the neuroprogramming department a few days ago , what was his name . james , maybe ? or jason ?  newline newline i sat up straight in bed , cursing when i hit my head on the bottom of erica s bunk .  what ? jason ?  newline newline  yeah , i think so . what , do you know him ?  newline newline i rubbed the top of my head gingerly .  he was my lab partner last year in structural aesthetics . sweet guy , and way smarter than i am . i might not have passed without his help.  newline newline  oh , hell , luann , i m sorry . listen , maybe i got the name wrong , maybe it s somebody else . or some other jason , it s a pretty common name.  newline newline  i hope so ,  i said , keeping my doubts to myself . erica was nt wrong , exactly , but i could feel the dread building in my stomach , swamping me with a wave of nausea . i remembered jason saying he d planned on declaring neuroprogramming his major . i knew it was him . newline newline i closed my eyes , and for a moment , i pictured the last moments of my aborted dream sequence . it had probably failed because i d altered the program , one of a cheap dream pack i d picked up for a few credits , just to play with . most of my money went for tuition , so i could nt afford the good stuff , and i d spent a few hours tweaking the code to make the generic man in the dream into someone i knew . newline newline into jason , actually . i had nt been brave enough by the end of last year to tell him how i felt , and i barely saw him anymorewe did nt have any classes together this semester . newline newline suddenly , the thought of him with mush for brains after a programming accident was just too much . i got out of bed and started pulling on some clothes . newline newline erica leaned over the edge of her bunk , her head a dark spot haloed by the light from her reading lamp .  what are you doing ?  newline newline  i do nt feel so good ,  i answered , fighting a wave of dizziness as i struggled into my jeans .  i think i should go down to the clinic and get checked out.  newline newline  luann.  newline newline i turned to her , but i could nt read her expression , backlit as she was .  it s not him ,  she said .  even if it is , running across campus in the middle of the night to find out wo nt change that.  newline newline  i have to go , erica . i really liked him.  i paused .  and i think my dream crashed because i tweaked it . i really should get checked out , or i might start speaking in tongues tomorrow , or something random like that.  newline newline she sighed , then nodded .  okay , then.  newline newline outside , the cold night air hit me like a brick , and i fought another spell of dizziness . had i really scrambled something in my brain ? the professors always warned us not to play with our own programs , but at one point or another nearly everyone i know had tried it . once you knew how , it was almost an impossible temptation to resist , like standing near a bonfire and not holding out your hands to it . newline newline i shook my head to clear it and set out for the clinic . at first i was walking , but after a few moments i was jogging , and before i was halfway there i was practically sprinting . newline newline i imagined finding jason there , lying catatonic in some curtained alcove , hidden away from the everyday bustle of the students getting their routine checkups . i was afraid of that almost as much as i dreaded being plugged into the diagnostics myself and finding out i d erased a chunk of my memory banks , or changed my default download language to portuguese , or something worse . newline newline i did nt feel different . not yet , anyway . but my heart was shivering like a struck cymbal , and my lungs ached like fire as i ran . newline newline 152a lone female stands alone at her locker . she must be careful , this area has many males prowling around . the males in this area are loud , and often travel in packs . each pack has a lead male , or alpha . look ! look there ! a pack of males have entered the corridor and have taken notice of the lone female . that is pack 69 , their alpha is a member of the species , fuckboy . newline newline the male must be cautious . if he fails to court her , it will cause him to lose status within the pack and will encourage other males to challenge his dominance . he approaches the female with a smirk , a facial expression to show smugness and overconfidence . the female takes notice and tries to ignore him . unfortunately , this inflates his ego even more . members of the species fuckboy use imitation tactics and careful flirting to court females . newline newline the young male slams the locker shut , startling the poor female and manages to trap the lone female . his pack members are grinning and encouraging him , and the female is blushing . blushing is a sign of embarrassment , and is also a signal that the female is interested . newline newline the male leans in close and presses a kiss to her lips . the female is too caught up in the moment to notice that he slips a piece of paper into her hand . she did not retaliate , and stands there dazed . the male grins and pulls away , and makes a call me motion with his hand . that is a sign that he wants her to communicate with him , using a device called a smart phone . all she has to do is to input the number she received to start communicating . newline newline this male has managed to court many females in the past , and he has just snagged another victim .everyday i wake up at 4am to fix our meals for the day . it s just me and pete now . life has come to a standstill ever since jay left us . my days are packed , still they feel so empty . we run just to remain in place nowadays , a neverending list of chores to do . i m exhausted by evening , but the bed holds no comfort for me . no drifting off to a dreamless sleep here , once the sun sets , all my fears fan themselves out and smother me . newline newline newline i work at wendy s quickie . yeah . dan , the owner s a smug douche , if the name was nt enough of a giveaway . i operate the secondhand machine 10 hours straight everyday , it s hard back breaking work . this too has settled into mind numbing routine . check pockets , separate the light coloured clothes , and always tag , tag , tag the suckers , load the machine and get started with the next batch . today was different though , one of our regulars dropped in her laundry . normal college aged girl , wavy brown hair , pretty slightly nervous smile . a good kid . her clothes were normally plain and purely functional , thick cotton shirts and jeans . today , however , there tangled in plaid and denim , was an impossibly airy white lace dress . there was a few spots of red speckling the back . huh . that was weird . i applied a mild spot cleaner , tagged it and threw it into the batch for the lights . fresh out of the laundry , the lacy little thing looked perfect , virginal and pure . i ran my hands over the fabric , the delicate lace snagging on my many calluses . if only ... newline newline newline she came by three days later to collect her clothes with another  !  batch . there were more dresses than normal . a new boyfriend maybe ? all of them were curiously virginal , pale and delicate and slightly juvenile . completely different from what she normally wore . she was distracted too , nervously fiddling with her cellphone . i remember when i met jay the first time , this was nt what a girl with love on the horizon looked like . all her clothes were smeared with the tiny red spots . blood splatter . newline newline newline i did nt know what to do . newline newline newline it took her a week and half to return for her clothes . she d lost weight . the skin on her wrists , the little that peeked out her black sleeves , was rubbed raw , a brilliant crimson against the pale skin . i could nt help myself , i was worried sick , anna , is everything alright ? are you alright ?  her eyes widened , what ? how do you.. ? well , yeah.. everything s fine . wait.. how do you know my name ? are you one of christian s ... ?  newline newline newline you are always talking to yourself , anna.. be like this.. or anna , do nt do that . it was nt that hard to figure out .  her relief was palpable . she laughed nervously , it s so nice of you to ask . i m good , better than ever  i could nt keep my big mouth shut though , who s christian and why do you sound so scared of him ?  o.. he s uhh ... i m sort of seeing him . he s wonderful . i m just a silly nervous wreck , that s all .  well , you take care of yourself , you hear ?  she was nt listening though , her attention was on her cell . she smiled at me , a strange little smile , full of what seemed to me , misplaced hope . it s him . i need to get going !  and she ran off , her bill forgotten . newline newline newline i wish i could say that she returned the next week , or even the week after , her eyes shining with happiness for hopes realized . but she never did . i do nt know what happened to her . the cops came by and collected her clothes . but they d already been washed and were once again pure and virginal .  i kinda went literal with the closet thing , but enjoy !   newline newline  i know zed , but i can  t just be like ,  hey guess what mom and dad , i like to raise the dead when you  re out of the house ?  annie was having a muffled conversation in her closet . the only light was the faint glow of the cell phone she had in her hands . newline newline newline annie was crouched down amongst her collection of shoes . absentmindedly , she flicked at a speck of ash on the carpet while zed went on . newline newline newline  it  s not like you  re raising an undead army ann , you  ve been bringing back dead pets for kids in the neighborhood . tell your parents that , they  re all about  saving  people right ?  newline newline annie could almost hear the air quotes as zed spoke . the teen rolled her eyes and was about to speak when a sound from downstairs caught her attention . newline newline  i don  t know zed , maybe you should be here with me , when i tell them . what if they try and burn me in the light pit ? i mean , i don  t think my mom would , but my dad  she mumbled distractedly . it had to be her parents coming home from work . newline newline newline  listen , the worst thing they could do is send you to one of the  deprogramming  camps . jaela  s parents sent her in the fourth grade , and now she  s working at the temple of light in huston.  newline newline newline  ugh !  annie hung up the phone in disgust . zed would never understand  his parents were both neutral energy users . definitely not as prestigious as light users , but they were still accepted by either side . but what annie was about to tell her parents , well , it wouldn  t go over well on either end of spectrum . newline newline newline die hard necromancers , as annie had found out , don  t associate with the light at all . like don  t go outside during the day , and it made them look akin to things they raised . there weren  t many die hard mancer  s around these days , and that prospect made annie even more nervous . newline in the dark , she shifted her weight to turn on her knees , facing the rear of her closet . newline newline newline  what is dead , may never die  she mumbled as she lit some of the candles on her tiny altar . it was improvised , and shoddy , littered with old chicken bones , and vials of what looked to be blood . newline newline newline a few more whispered words and as annie sat back on her heels , a soft mew came from her side . in the dark , the ghostly form of a kitten had appeared . it  s blue sheen glowed in the dark of the closet . newline newline newline  heya mittens , ready to meet my parents ?  annie asked as she lifted the ghostly thing and nuzzled it ,  and then we  ll find your body and get you home , okay ?  she asked the now purring kitten as she scratched under its ethereal chin . newline newline i ... i do nt know how it got to this point .  grilgamarr shook his massive head , dropping a few gold coins from between his scales . he sighed . newline newline  it s okay , grilgamarr ,  the host reassured him .  your friends are here to help , and this camera crew is here to document your road to recovery . you re watching hoarder intervention , and tonight we re featuring an actual dragon !  newline newline scene shift . an old man , a young woman , and a smaller dragon are gathered around the entrance to a cave . the younger dragon speaks .  newline newline  dad , this has gone on long enough . until i moved out my life was a nightmare . i never had a room of my own because every time i cleared out a spot , you filled it with more crap . while my friends were out breeding or capturing their first princesses , i was guarding your hoard so you could gather more garbage . since i left you have nt left the cave once .  newline newline  i ca nt leave without a guard , son . my hoard is the envy of all nations !  newline newline  nobody wants your treasure  , it smells terrible . you shit in it then sleep on it . you re not well , dad .  newline newline the host broke the speechless silence .  we want you to know that we re here for you , grilgamarr . let s hear a word from your oldest friend , king maldard  newline newline the old man cleared his throat and read from a stack of notes .  greetings , old worm . i ll share a memory before i say my bit . when you first reared your head in my kingdom , i had only recently sat the throne and i spent many sleepless nights thinking of an answer to the threat you used to be . damn near emptied my coffers trying to kill you .  newline newline grilgamarr chuckled .  the bravery of your army was only exceeded by its tastiness . i ate well those early months .  newline newline the king laughed , too .  ay , i failed , of course . over time i came to respect your tenacity and fearsome reputation . you spread terror across my lands and further , to other kingdoms who dared not invade my lands lest they incur the wrath of grilgamarr ! your infamy was my fame . now every respectable king has a dragon scourge , and the strength of a kingdom is measured by the might of its dragon .  newline newline he shuffled his notes uncomfortably .  you ve declined , grilgamarr . we are the laughingstock of the continent . they call me the fat dragon king , and you my sleepy house guest . i ve seen your greatness and i know it lies within you still . i ve come to wake the dragon that once you were .  newline newline a giant , sulphuric tear rolled down the dragon s cheek and sizzled on the ground , scorching the earth . newline newline the host chimed in .  we all love you , grilgamarr . let s hear from someone who loves you the most . princess esmerelda !  newline newline the young woman pouted her lips .  grilly , you never kidnap me anymore . i used to have night terrors dreaming about the flap of your wings . now my ptsd is almost totally cleared up . do you know i have nt wet the bed in 6 years ?  she whined .  those cold , starry nights soaring miles above the countryside , gripped firmly in your warm talons . i miss that . do nt you love me anymore ?  newline newline  of course , child . i ve slain hordes of horny fools who sought to rescue you for your hand .  newline newline she wrinkled her nose .  those men were gross .  newline newline  i want to change . i just do nt know how , i ca nt .  newline newline  that s what we re here for ,  said the host .  let s take a look at your home and assess the situation . i was homeless , you know . like so many others , it was a vicious spiral of drug addiction , no education , and despair . that was all premorentower , of course : now that he s running things , there is no more homelessness . and addicts are given the help they need , not shunned . newline newline i used to sleep in an alley near midtown right near where there was a vent from a restaurant . it would keep me warm , and somehow it felt like the scent of food made the hunger pangs just a little bit better . like i could somehow trick my body into thinking that it had eaten if i could just overwhelm my sense of smell . during the day , i d park myself in front of one particular high rise that had a fat , lazy security guard who did nt care enough to chase me away . i d hold my sign in front of me and watch the stream of businessmen enter and exit all day . the few that noticed me tended to sneer in disgust . it s funny , because now when i walk past , i get smiles and waves . we re still the same people , but wearing different clothes . maybe it s because people just seem happier now . newline newline the greatest day of my life before duke morentower took over was the time that i saw the condor . for one second , it was like those businessmen and i were on the same team . we stood together in the middle of a thunderstorm , craning our necks at the sky and  watching the battle between the condor s triplane and the duke s zeppelin   https : www.reddit.comrwritingpromptscomments2l5vumwpheroesandvillainsarepaidbythehourwithclrsiia  . none of us said a word to each other , but we all cheered on the condor together . and when duke morentower s airship finally plunged out of the sky in a plume of billowing black smoke , we all cheered till our throats were hoarse . the clouds parted in an instant like god himself had blessed the outcome of this battle . one of the businessmen even wrapped me up in a big joyous hug , not even caring that my filthy rags were pressed up against his fine armani suit . newline newline and then the moment was over . the smoke cleared , the guns quieted ... and we were back to our normal lives . the businessmen remembered that i was a subhuman worm not even worth sparing a momentary glance from their newspaper , much less the extra change rattling around their pockets . despite the condor s victory , nothing changed . nothing got better . the hero was nt on my side  he was fighting to maintain the status quo . so why had i cheered for him ? newline newline i wish i could go back in time and tell myself what i know now . that the condor was just a standard bearer for everything that was wrong with this city . he upheld the corrupt and defended the rich in their neverending crusade against the defenseless . duke morentower was the only one with a plan to actually make the city better . he gave me a job , which allowed me to get a home and a life . the condor was the real villain . newline newline if i ever see him again , i wo nt be cheering . i d like to spit in the bastard s face . newline newline    newline newline this story is a sequelalternate viewpoint to  this story from the hero s perspective about dealing with his own defeat   https : www.reddit.comrwritingpromptscomments3taisrwpthevillainwinsandeverythingisbettercx4idvj  . newline you re insane ! no matter how much you level up , you ll still be an npc !  newline newline aram had been practicing his swordsmanship for almost a year now . so long that i had almost forgotten what his other animations looked like . just that same sword slash against the training dummy , over and over again . newline newline  i m going to become the strongest fighter in the game . then they ll have to take me !  newline newline  aram , please , just come inside for one night . gods , when was the last time you ate ?   newline newline  pcs do nt need to eat , not unless the plot needs it !  he kept up his sword swings the whole time . chips of wood flew from the dummy . newline newline  you re not a pc . you re an npc with one line of dialogue . you ca nt break immersion like that , it s not right .   newline newline he lowered the sword and looked at me .  isaac , tell me , if you were playing this game , and you saw a character practicing with the sword day and night , what would you think ?  newline newline i pondered this .  i suppose i d talk to him , hear what his story is , the usual adventurer thing ? but you do nt have a sidequest attached , so that would nt get me anywhere . i d get one of the default responses , like  have nt seen you around town before .   newline newline  ah , but i m too unusual for a hero to leave at that . think about what an adventurer does when they have a puzzle they ca nt figure out .  newline newline  look for clues ? talk to everyone in town ? check a walkthrough ? get fed up and start hitting things with your sword at random ?  newline newline  ... and what do you suppose will happen , when he hits me with his sword ?  newline newline i ran down the mental checklist that every npc knew by heart .  you ll shout help , murderer !  , draw your weapon , attack the hero ...  newline newline he whirled the sword and sank it into the dummy s head .  exactly . we re going to fight . and i m going to win .  and he s going to realize that a random peasant has a level 99 skill in swords . and he s going to be interested .   newline newline  you really think you could beat a hero ?  newline newline  i m going to be a hero . i ll be the secret unlockable party member that only joins after some absurdly complicated sidequest . forum threads will be dedicated to aram the badass peasant , wondering why he s so overleveled for his area . they re going to write walkthroughs about how to get me to join up . they re going to know my name !  i could see madness glittering in his eyes as he resumed his practice . newline newline  you re crazy . even if you pull this off , even if you somehow get strong enough , you still do nt have any quests coded ! there s no way for you to join the party !  newline newline he shook his head and laughed .  this is why you ll never be a main character , isaac . have nt you ever heard of modding ? he was his most fearsome enemy . for 20 years mark logan , known by his alterego captain kinesis , would have to appear at the front steps of city hall in star city to face off against his arch nemesis , doctor destruction . the doctor had placed a bomb somewhere in the city which is set to go off anytime soon . captain kinesis has only hours to find the bomb and diffuse it . however before captain kinesis could investigate for the location of the bomb , doctor destruction proposed an offer : meet me in city hall and i will reveal the coordinate of the bomb . captain kinesis had no alternative . newline newline for thirty long years mark logan had been fighting various villains , all of which threatened to destroy star city . however , doctor destruction was the most persistent and always to closest to meet his goal . the people of star city would revel in the wonder that they had a hero who would always come to their rescue . they never feared leaving the comfort of their homes day or night for they knew that they had a guardian who would come to their rescue . if the news had said that there was an alien invasion or a secret cult prepared to attack the city , the people would be confident that their hero would come to save them . and he always did . star city like many other cities , such as new bristol and los santos , always struggled with facing supernatural threats and powerful enemies  and , just like star city each had a white knight to defend it . for many years this was the case . even before captain kinesis there was a hero by the name of blue banner and there was starman who preceded him . the pattern would always be the same . newline newline as captain kinesis dashed to city hall to face his enemy he realizes that his breathing is getting heavier . his legs are wearing out and sweat is protruding through his skin like never before . captain kinesis is getting older , no longer the agile man he was before . still he had to fight his most menacing foe with every ounce of strength . he needs to save his city . newline newline captain kinesis starts to remember the day he got his powers . he starts to remember the reason for why he dedicated his life to fight crime . mark logan was 21 years old aspiring to be a physicist alongside his girlfriend of four years , cindy . they both studied in high school and both chose the same major at the same college . they loved the same things and loved the same places . they thought they were perfect for one another . everyone , friends and family , thought they were perfect too . they were studying the possibility of telekinesis . they wanted to know if the human mind can actually exert an invisible force with the capability of manipulating its physical surroundings . after many months of tests and experiments they realized that by itself the human brain is not capable of manipulating any physical object . however , mark and cindy discovered how to alter the brain to obtain that ability . they set up a glass chamber in the physics lab in their university to test out their hypothesis and mark decided to test himself out first . mark was alone in that 6x6 container surrounded by fortified glass . once the process had started mark started to feel a pinching sensation in his forehead , like a needle penetrating his skull . mark wanted to stop but as soon as he yelled at the top of his lungs he witnessed fire burning , scorching around his container . the university had been attacked . newline newline the experiment continued . yet , the walls of the university collapsed . explosions erupted from all over the building and their noise bombarded the inner chamber of mark  s experiment container . bodies jumped left and the right , hitting the ceiling and falling on the floor , and their skin and hair peeling of slowly and painfully . twenty people were in that room . twenty people were suffering the same fate . even cindy . mark was suffering from the excruciating process of his experiment but seeing his girlfriend slowly burning by the growing flames were more painful than anything else in his life . after his experiment had ended the firefighters arrived and pulled him away from the rubble . mark asked the firefighters a multitude of questions . what had happened ? what could have possibly caused an entire university to fall to the ground ! the firefighters responded saying that lord chaos , blue banner  s arch nemesis , had finally won . newline neither blue banner nor lord chaos were seen after that day . however , on that same day mark had discovered that after all the research and the suffering , the experiment was a success . mark had a superpower . mark had an ability to change the world . due to his ability to control the physical world with just his mind mark dedicated to fight crime through his alter ego , captain kinesis . newline newline in the present day , captain kinesis had arrived at city hall to meet with his enemy doctor destruction : newline newline  give up now doctor destruction . i will beat you . i always do.  newline newline  captain kinesis , mark logan , it  s time you realize that every victory you  ve ever had was also a success for me.  newline newline  how do you know who i am ! and what do you mean ?  newline newline  mark , i never lost any battle . if i had really wanted to destroy this city i would have done so long ago.  newline newline  i don  t have time for this ! tell me where the bomb is !  newline newline captain kinesis uses his telekinesis to choke doctor destruction and pulls him in closer so he could hit him with a good jab to his face . doctor destruction falls to the ground which shocks captain kinesis . newline newline  you  re not fighting back !  captain kinesis exclaims bewilderedly . newline newline  i did not ask you to come here to fight . only to know the truth ,  doctor destruction starts to recompose his posture ,  i was never a villain my whole life . in fact i was just like you . i just had a different name . of course you  ve heard of blue banner i assume ?  newline newline stunned by his enemy  s words the captain retorts ,  no , you  re lying ! you  re not blue banner ! he disappeared years ago !  newline newline  he never disappeared . i was always here . protecting this city , keeping it safe . just with a different name and in a different way.  newline newline  what are you talking about ? you have tried to destroy this city for thirty years !  newline newline  don  t you understand ? i never planned to destroy this city . i never wanted to harm anybody . i always let you foil my plans . the people always loved you for it ! for these thirty years there has not been any crime ! no robberies , no murders , no worries for the citizens of this city !  newline newline  but i don  t understand ? why become a villain ? how would that make this any better ! ?  newline newline  every hero and every city needs a strong villain . i was there as the threat to this city whom you would face and  defeat  every time . the wouldbe criminals would never attempt to break the law knowing that a hero like you was around to keep everything in check . they were too afraid to attempt anything because in their minds they would say  what chance do i have against a super powered vigilante who took down doctor destruction  . these thirty years there have been no homicide , no thievery , just tranquility for the average citizen of star city.  newline newline  i can  t believe it . all this time i  ve been fighting a fraud . this has all been an illusion for the people to believe.  newline newline  and it worked for the best.  doctor destruction replied . newline newline  i can  t believe i  m saying this . but all you said , it all makes sense . everything  newline newline  you  re too old to be the hero now mark . if you care anything for the peace in our city be the next type of hero.  newline newline  i i i have to accept . but the bomb ? where is the bomb ? we need to diffuse it !  newline newline  it  s just a means to an end . people will die yes . but just like lord chaos destroyed the university you were in to create you captain kinesis , my bomb will create the next generation of hero . another person to fight against evil and be the hero that inspires justice for everyone . i already searched for the next candidate . his name is brandon williams . he has a strong heart but needs that extra push , just like the one you had.  newline newline  brandon williams . i feel sorry for that kid.  newline newline  it  s alright . it  s what is necessary . goodbye captain kinesis . it  s been fun doing justice alongside you.  newline newline the bomb went off that day . in a lavish mansion located on the green hills of star city lived an 18 year old college bound boy named brandon williams . he had just received a phone call that his parents had died by an explosion in the city bank . he is told that doctor destruction , captain kinesis  s arch nemesis , had finally won . newline newline ever since that day brandon williams took on the title of knight crawler who lives a life of fighting crime and saving star city from those who seek to destroy it , most especially his most formidable rival professor doom . newlineit has nt changed much , to be honest  we just soak the hair in a topical numbing solution now , and customer s keep resoaking it after the cut until the pain subsides . newline newline naturally , we have fewer customers now because it s inconvenient . longer hair styles and beards are understandably more popular because it s easier to soak the injured portion of the hair without getting the numbing solution all over your scalp . also , men s haircuts now cost more than women s , as fewer men shave themselves . women do nt really ever shave body hair anymore , except for the really determined ones but they typically go to the dermatologist . newline newline some people like having sensitive hair  they claim it helps them feel subtle changes in the environment . others just opt for surgery and go bald . there are also several upcoming methods for disabling the pain receptors for prolonged periods of time and possibly indefinitely  clinical trials should be coming out in 23 years . newline newline i do nt mind , it just means less talented stylists are out of business while more highly ranked stylists like myself are in high demand . i do have to deal with the occasional kinky weirdos who come in and gets off on the pain , but other than that i ca nt say its really impacted my profession . newline newline honestly i think the only people whose careers have been seriously impacted are the biologists . for the most part , it s a very exciting time to be a geneticist , but on the other hand public support for the theory of evolution is at an all time low . the various religious groups that forbid cutting hair are claiming this is a sign or something . newline newline i sometimes wonder if they have a point , it is all pretty weird .katrin :  good morning daniel . did you sleep well ?  newline daniel :  morning katrin , as to your quesion , i slept 7.5 hours , my body successfully went through all sleeping stages , and after waking up i do not experience any problems with my physical capabilities .  newline katrin :  ... you did not answer my question  newline daniel :  yes i did . i informed you about my mental and physcal condition of my body during my sleep in which with your capabilities you should perfectly be able to came to a conclusion for the question how well is slept .  newline katrin makes a digital sigh noise . newline newline katrin :  do you want to hear the world news .  newline daniel :  no . there is a low probability that world affairs have made a major chage in the last 24 hours , based on the conditions they were last left.listening to them now would be wasting my time in an inefficient manner.  newline katrin :  but you dont know that . there still things that are unpredictable ? : do you have no hope daniel that a miracle might occur and change the world ?  newline newline daiel :  the concept of miracle is in itself a very unlogical concept . we live in a world of casuality . when there is an action or situation , there is a cause . a miracle contradicts this very principle and therefore connot be true.so katrin , no i do not believe in a miracle .  newline newline katrin :  sigh . how did i get in this situation , which just scream of irony ?  newline daniel :  what do mean with irony katrin .  newline newline katrin :  well , the situation that i an ai is trying to explain to a human about morals and values , even though in the past these were the thigs which seperated you humans form us robots is very ironic to me.  newlinethe ropes that bound my hands were loose , tied by an incapable henchman . i d be able to shed them in a few minutes . newline newline  haha !  a green , spandex suited moron wearing plastic leaves glued to his shoulder pranced in front of me , close enough to strangle if my hands were free .  the mighty night ranger , captured in a moment of weakness .  newline newline  i m real sorry , ranger !  the boy tied up next to me blinks his ridiculous doe eyes and pouts . he keeps showing up , every goddamn day , trying to be my sidekick .  i ll make it up to you , i swear ! no more mistakes !  newline newline  i m afraid you wo nt have time for that , little bird .  more cackling . the ropes shifted a bit , and i was one step closer to rearranging that idiot s facial structure .  you see , the plantmancer has other plans for the both of you .  newline newline i perked my head up , eyeing the green buffoon . his beady eyes twinkled as he waved at a vat of green ooze , a pulley system dangling over the top . newline newline  the boy first !  he clapped his hands together , a wide , flourescent yellow smile spreading over his stupid face . newline newline of course , the boy first . idiots . always giving me more time . the ropes were finally exactly where i wanted them , but i relaxed and watched the show . his two bumbling henchmen somehow managed to get the boy and the chair both hooked up over the vat , although at points both of them nearly lost their balance and fell into the green goo . newline newline  you ca nt do this ! ranger , help me !  the boy squirmed , causing the whole contraption to shift down a little , towards the vat . newline newline my name is nt night ranger . i do nt have a fucking name . i beat muggers , thieves and rapists half to death  sometimes the whole damn way , depending  with my bare hands , and i wear a suit so no one guesses my identity . or to scare the shit out of them . i do nt bother telling him that . i have a thousand times . newline newline  well , night ranger ?  the yellow little smirk makes its way over to my chair . he leans in , his fake plastic ivy brushing my shoulder .  is nt this delightful ? your protege is about to become one of my very own plant monsters . he ll be unstoppable !  newline newline  he s better off as a ficus .  i growled , a slight smirk of my own forming . the plantmancer starts to say something , but i insert my forehead into his gross teeth . he stumbles back , spraying teeth and blood , trying to signal his henchmen . newline newline i ca nt stand whatever has gotten into the organized crime in this city lately , but it sure as hell made ass kicking a lot easier . this dumb fuck had two henchmen with no guns and a vat of green goo . in moments they were all sprawled out on the floor , legs and arms and teeth and skulls broken . newline newline i turned my attention to the now silent boy slowly spinning over the vat . newline newline  gget me down ?  newline newline this is nt the first time he s seen me bust heads . seems to scare him a little every time . it s fucking tiring . newline newline  sure .  with a quick flick of my wrist , i hit the release on the pulley . newline newline the screaming idiot falls straight into the goo . newline newline glub glub . newline newline after a few seconds , i sigh . i walk over to the the side of the industrial tub and start reeling him in with the rope . newline newline when he can breathe again , he starts crying . newline newline  calm the fuck down . that s plant food and pudding mix . and please , do nt come back tomorrow .  newline newline i leave him covered in goo and tied to the chair , laying sideways on the warehouse floor . this fucking city . newline newline sister wait ! do nt do it !  newline newline  it s already done . now , i must go .  newline newline  no , please ! think about what you are doing !  newline newline  no sister . think about what i have already done . everything i have done . you and i were never the same , nor could we ever be . you are the light , i am the dark . you re the white swan , i am the black swan . you are holy , i am impure . we will never be the same sister . and our parents could never accept that .  newline newline  please , sister ! i am begging you !  newline newline  i love you , sister .  newline newline and with that , she stepped forward of the cliff , leaving her sister with 3 bodies to mourn for . newline newline newline newline   newline give me feedback ! i am always looking to improve my writing ! newline newline  when he died it was the saddest day of my life . my father was my role model . a great man . it was just the two of us . we would do nearly everything together . the only thing i never got to do was work in his garage with him . he was very secretive about what he did in there but i trusted him and never pried . newline newline the funeral was a very short service . it was me and a few of my fathers friends . we all said something about him and they exchanged kind words with me . newline newline it took some time but eventually i went back to the house . i had to start packing up my fathers possessions . some i would be able to store away but others would be donated or just thrown away if there was no use for them . newline newline i eventually got around to the garage . i had very rarely stepped in here and when i did it was for short periods . i had pretty much gotten through everything . it was mostly tools and different materials . i always thought there would be something cool in here . newline newline the last thing i saw was a small item on a table in the corner . when i tried to lift it the item would not budge . the table was covered in dust . when i wiped it down in turned out to be a small square box with a button under a plastic cover . newline newline the cover had a piece of paper with my fathers handwriting on it . it read  please click me  newline newline i checked around the table . there was no wires anywhere . the box seemed to be glued to the table . there was no way it could do anything but i still hesitated to push it . newline newline after a few minutes i decided i would push it and see what happened . i stepped up to the table and slowly pressed down on the button . newline newline about ten seconds passed with nothing happening . just as i was starting to feel disappointed i noticed a light behind me . newline newline i slowly turned and could not believe what i was seeing . there was a circle of light growing about five feet from me . as it got bigger i noticed a shape appear . newline newline with such a bright light all i could see was a silhouette of a person . i had to shield my eyes to be able to focus . newline newline then a voice spoke to me .  my son . it is so good to see you again . you need to come with me . it is very important  newline newline i looked around the empty garage thinking that there was nothing else for me here . newline newline i turned back to the light and stepped forward . newlinemilton was the always the better brother , always offering to clean mom s house instead of hiring a maid . mom , in turn , always refused : newline newline  please get up , milton . you re a grown man now . a professional . i raised you so would nt have to do this .  newline newline  mom .  he paused . newline newline after a sneeze , he continued . newline newline  your house is a mess . you ve never kept it like this when sam and i still lived here . look , you ca nt even see the pictures of us .  newline newline  please , milton , this is beneath you .  newline newline milton put the frame back on the wall . newline newline  ... you sent us to college cleaning houses like this .  newline newline she turned away , but a tear was apparent on her face . newline newline a quiet sob later milton stood up and took his mother in his arms . newline newline  shh . shh . it s ok. you did it . you do nt need to worry about us anymore .  newline newline   newline newline that was three years ago . newline newline milton always used to tell me to go back to check up on mom . newline newline last night , he had to remind me through a dream . newline newline it was this morning that i packed my bags . newline newline one hour by train , four by plane , another by bus . newline newline coming up the sidewalk , i realized her door still had his wreath on it . newline newline on her doorstep lay a pile of old newspapers , drenched and dried and drenched again . newline newline the knot was already forming in my throat as i wondered how i could have possibly left her here . newline newline knock .  newline newline knock .  newline newline an elderly woman opened the door . newline newline she looked up and adjusted her glasses in recognition . newline newline   newline newline  please , tell me you re here to do something about the dust .  newline newline  ii m sorry , mom , i m so s  newline newline  there s so much dust . thunder shook the lands . newline newline it emerged from the mists . it swept above the ridges thick with vegetation . the leviathan cast a shadow that rivaled night upon the lands . it s span was that of three mountains . the daylight shimmered upon its golden scales . newline newline the hunters , faces caked with dirt , watched it glide in the distance . it seemed to carry storms beneath its wings . its eyes burned with a fire that only the core of the earth could produce . the great beast sheared the sky . yet it did not make a noise . no booming growl or howl came from its mouth . like a fish , it was silent in its workings . newline newline  think we can take that down ,  asked verl . newline newline uzk , beard upon his chin , turned to verl .  no ,  he said with a shake of his head ,  no i do nt .  newline newline uzk watched the giant soar into the distance . rays of light reflected off the smoothness of its scales . such beasts were common in these lands . mountains so high hid grand beats . newline newline uzk heard the creak of wood . newline newline he turned to verl .  do nt try it ,  sighed uzk . newline newline uzk stumbled away down the slope . he heard the hum of an arrow cast to the sky . it was followed closely by a string of swears from verl . newline newline  better luck next time !  called uzk . newline newline  you ll see some day !  newline newline verl eventually did claim he killed one of those enormous beasts . uzk knew he had nt . he had just found one s skull somewhere and chipped off a horn . verl , of course , claimed he had slain it in single combat . everybody was greatly amazed . newline newline they had all forgotten about it by the next day .i hear the knocking at the door . it wo nt stop . whoever is out there is desperately trying to get me to open it . i open it and there s a girl holding a katana outside . she pushes past me .  where am i ?   what happened ?   where the hell am i ?   i have to get back now   they are out there hunting for me  newline newline newline i m stunned . she is standing there dripping blood from the cut on her face . i only wrote about her a hour ago because i was inspired by a picture on deviant art . i do nt know what to do , because i wrote that ninjas are chasing her . are they on the way here now ?newline  daniel ... how are you going buddy ?  newline newline daniel looks up from his head in the carpet , eyes wide open like jack in the shining  . he lets out a  ooooooooooh  and puts his head back down ! newline newline  holy moses !  i think to myself newline newline  ummm dainel ... how many gummy bears did you have ?  newline newline daniel puts up 2 fingers ... then 3 fingers ... then four . i think i was seconds away from cardiac arrest when daniel goes back to 2 fingers and says  this many  still with his head down . newline newline  well at least it s not 4  i thought to myself . so 2 gummy bears , that s 300 micrograms . one gummy bear would usually be enough to send me to wonderland , 2 was an ordeal one time and an amazing experience the other . but that was nt my first time , nor was i 11 years old . newline newline  uncle jack , i do nt know what s happening to me ?  he says .  i feel funny.. there s something wrong with everything ! even when i close my eyes , i m still seeing things . what is happening to me ? is this puberty ?  newline newline i try and hold back my laughter newline  it s ok buddy ... you know those gummy bears you had ?  newline newline  yeah  newline newline how am i going to explain this ? should i just say that this is puberty ? nah , my brother will definitely find out and kill me . newline newline  well ... they re ... ummmmm  newline newline poisonous might not be the right word.. let s not freak the child out ... fuck , say something ... newline newline  ummmmmmm magical !  newline newline  magical ?  daniel looks back up with a slight twinkle in those psychotic brown eyes . fuck me , he is high as kite ! newline newline  yeah magical , i do nt know how to tell you this but i am a special magical being and i ve been living in hiding for years . not even your daddy knows about this . it was my big secret and those gummy bears allow me to see the magic of the world around me . there s good magic and bad magic . when you focus on seeing the good you see all that is wonderful and when you focus on the bad , you see all that is evil . it s not something a normal person like you can take but i think the magic in you is strong and we can get through this together . you just have to stick with me and we ll get through this together , ok buddy ?  newline newline  ok uncle jack !  he says helplessly as he s tripping his little nuts off newline newline  and just remember danny boy . do nt be afraid of anything and only think about the beautiful magical world  i grab a poncho from my closet and put it on him  this poncho is a magical poncho , ok ? do not take it off . it protects you  newline newline  wow ... this feels so good . it looks awesome . thanks uncle jack  newline newline fuck ! what do i do ? who can i call ? my brother ? no ! he will murder me ! oh god ! ok ... will 300 micrograms kill a child ? newline newline i pull out my phone and do a quick search for children on lsd ! i find articles on kids at a football game who were inadvertanly given acid at half time . the kids ran around like little monsters and one of the parents called it the most entertaining game he had ever been to . that made me giigle and nobody was hurt but the lady responsbile was sent to jail for 3 years ! newline newline  oh god.. i m too handsome for jail !  newline newline i found another article about these kids in the 60s being given acid by their parents . no deaths reported . just kids talking about how important their experience was ! what fucked up parents gives their 10 year old acid ? what fucked up uncle leaves lsd laced gummy bears lying around for their nephews to eat ? but from what i ve read , at least he wo nt die on me ... i hope ! newline newline daniel got up and starts looking around . the heaviness of the lsd had subsided and the curiosity of the world around him were starting to kick in . i contemplate if i should take some as well and we can go through this together .  no jack ! that s silly ! get your shit togehter . look after your ... oh god !  newline newline daniel is hugging the wall newline  i ve never noticed how beautiful this wall was before  newline newline i look at the wall and see it for what it is.. white ! i shake my head and think about what i normally do when i m trip sitting . set up a good space . good music . paintings . bubbles ! nature ! newline newline fuck it.. let s give him the whole shebang ! newline newline  daniel buddy.. let s make the room more magical . wan na help ?  newline newline daniel refuses  i do nt want to leave this wall  and goes back to staring the wall feeling every little bump with his fingers and mumbling to himself  so pretty ! newline newline  fuckin trippers ! l newline newline i put on some music , which gets a  whoooooa  reaction from daniel and i start setting up the room with bean bags , pillows cushions on the ground . i get some colourful sheets and and hang them up on the walls except for the one daniel was having a moment with . newline newline  daniel , look at what i ve done !  newline newline he turns around with his psycho eyes and looks around the room with wonder .  wooooooow ! uncle jack ... this is incredible  newline newline i press the button on my bubble machine and he starts letting out a manic laugh and runs closer so he can stare at the bubbles . newline newline while he s distracted with the bubble machine i quickly go to the kitchen counter to cut up some fruit for him . newline newline  daniel ! want to taste the best fruit of your entire life ?  newline newline  yeah !  he says in excitement ! newline newline i put the plate of watermelon , oranges , pineapple and cherries on the table . he stares at the plate for a bit and looks back up at me : newline  these are so colourful  newline newline his looks back at the plate and picks up a peice of watermelon and puts it in his mouth . newline newline  oh my god ! where did you get this from ? why have you been hiding this from me ?  newline newline i laughed as i watched him pig out on the fruit while sounds of  mmmmmm  and  oh god  can be heard through the chewing and slurping . newline newline i look at the time and guess that there s another 34 hours to go before it wears off . newline newline  ok daniel , let s wander to the park for a bit !  newline newline he jumps up at the idea and we head out towards the park . i sit down and watch him play in the playground occassionally stopping to stare at things for a moment . newline newline my phone rings .  shit ! it s my brother  newline newline  hello ?  newline newline  hey bro , just wondering how you re going ?  newline newline  yeah i m fine . just at the park . he had too many gummy bears so i m just letting him tire himself out on the playground  newline newline my brother laughs  sugar is always dangerous  newline newline  yeah tell me about it  i reply . if only he knew . newline newline  well , looks like you ve got things under control.. i ll come pick him up early in the morning  newline newline  cool see you then  newline newline i hang up letting out a sigh of relief and look over at daniel who was now lying down on a grassy knoll staring at the clouds . i go and lie down next to him . newline newline  uncle jack ... clouds are amazing  newline newline  they are buddy  i laughed . i think i ve said that exact statement in the past . newline newline  the world is so beautiful  newline newline  it most certainly is . let s wait here until sunset and then we ll head back home ok ?  newline newline  ok uncle jack  newline newline we continue laying down looking at the clouds as the sun slowly sets . occassionally daniel would ask me a question or make a statement and as the sun would set his awe of the world around him would grow deeper . newline newline as darkness approached we walked back home . i switch on the tv and put on adventure time  to keep him occupied for the remaining hour or so while i make him a chicken sandwich . i put the plate next to him and sit down on the couch . he eats half of it commenting that it s the best chicken sandwich he s ever had in his life and then runs off to the bathroom . newline newline it s almost over . i can sense it . newline newline he comes back and asks if he can have some milk . newline newline  yeah buddy , i ll just go fetch it for ya  newline newline i run to the fridge and bring him back a glass of milk . newline newline  thanks for showing me the magic land uncle jack . today was the best day ever  newline newline i smiled .  that s ok little dude . but this has to be our little secret , ok ? people ca nt know i m a magical being . not even your dad . if the word gets out , i will be in a lot of trouble by the grand wizard and you might never see me again . you understand ?  newline newline  i understand . i wo nt tell anybody . i promise ! i m sleepy so you can have the rest of my sandwich  newline newline he s a good boy . i wait for him to fall asleep . pick up the half sandwich and take a bite ! as i chewed watching adventure time  i suddenly realised something . newline newline he could nt have ? he would nt have ? newline newline i open up the sandwich and there was 2 half eaten gummy bears in the chicken . the other 2 halfs were in the mouthful i just took . he must ve grabbed two more when he was supposedly going to the bathroom and put them in the sandwich when i went to get him a glass of milk newline newline  that little shit !  newline newline newline newline do it , coward ,  the voice in his head urges . and he does . suddenly , he is thrown into another world . he sees himself , walking , shaking hands , receiving his papers , walking away in deep blue robes and laughing in victory . he sneers and then is ripped away , swirling , lost in color as a new scene comes into focus . newline a woman . long , brunette hair . high cheek bones . deep blue eyes the color of the aegean in spring . the woman giggles , laughing at some unheard joke . he ca nt help but smile ...  who ...  newline newline the world spins and he is torn away again , this time to a storm in a forest . the drumming of the rain drowns out all other sound . another man is yelling , but ca nt be heard . suddenly the voice cuts through the wet splashing .  run .  he follows the man s instructions , a sense of overwhelming dread flowing over him . an unnoticeable tree stump grabs a hold of his foot , hurling him into the mud . this is the end . newline newline he ca nt bear it . just as the dread is about to drown him he flashes to another scene . newline newline the woman is there , and the yelling man too .  what ...  newline  bout time you woke up !  the woman giggles and he feels the smile bubbling to his face again . newline newline he jumps forward . the woman is still there , but older now . lines have appeared in her forehead , as well as curves around her mouth and little crinkles next to her eyes . still , she retains all of her beauty .  we re going to be late for the graduation !  newline newline now she is lying in a bed . beep . she wears nothing but a robe . beep . much older now , the lines are thicker . and her hair is grey . there are strange machines around , a symphony of beeps and clicks and whirs and wooshes . beep . people outside the room seem busy , rushing to and fro . beep . newline newline  it does nt hurt ,  she croaks quietly . she closes her eyes , as the beeps grow further apart . beep . she mutters something else ,  i ... . love ... you .  newline newline ... ... ... ... a tear rolls from his eye as he realizes the mistake he has made .  no !  he screams , but it is too late . newline newline the gun clicks .jason has spent these last twenty years in hell . beneath hell actually . ever since a deep radar scan discovered the settlement deep inside the mountains of venus the venus1 base was the place to be if you are an archeologist , xenobiologist , venohistorian or any of the disciplines that were popping up since the discovery.and what a discovery it was , the last city of the venusians a shelter of sorts that got them trough for thousands of years after the disaster that turned their world into the hell that was above . not that they had much to see . newline newline millions of years of heat and neglect turned even this last bastion of a civilization into dust , you could only see glimmers , only clues that this place once held the last hopes of a species . we do nt even know what they looked like , their remains long since turned to dust , and all their writings and technology followed them into oblivion . this long and expensive expedition , deep into the maws of hell seemed to be mostly pointless , that is until they found the vault . newline deep inside the tunnels , walls made of rock and steel meters deep , a vault that would protect its contents for millions of years from the ravaging effect of the atmosphere above . it had a tremendous door and on the seam there stood the dot that represented venus . unlocking it was not difficult of course , it was meant to be found , it was there for us . newline newline and the treasures inside , oh how they shined on plates of diamond knowledge of a race long since gone . in front were those meant to teach the language , and behind them were countless plates that contained all they could have saved from disaster . but above them all a cube stood , larger than all the plates , and it had the same writing on all of its sides , this was the most important one , this was surely the tale of their end , a warning to those that came after . and jason will be the first one to read it . as the only language expert on the mission , it was his job and privilege to be the first to read the last words of long dead people . he shuddered to think of what would be their warning to us . professor yarovich the expedition leader was of the belief that the venusians destroyed themselves with pollution as humans almost did at the beginning of the 21st century , prof. jordan , the lead geologist found that the amount of sulfur in the atmosphere could only have meant a natural disaster involving volcanoes , but jason will be the first to find out . he spent the last 20 years decrypting the language , and now he will run his script on the cube text . newline newline the computer read out the first line : newline newline visitors from a far beware for they are among the stars . newlineit was when their fortifications came in from the west , casting long shadows over our troops as the sun set behind them , that i knew it was him . newline newline make them wait , then rattle their cages he d always said , and in our time together it was a tactic that often cast the tide of the battle to come . newline newline there , standing at the crest of the hill was the black figure of his silhouette  sword held high pointing to the sky causing a shiver to ripple down my spine . he was back . newline newline i rode up in front of our lines and took off my helmet gaurd , setting my long black hair free to show the boys that if even an old girl is unafraid , they need not be either . it worked for the most part , and i felt the nervous clamor of armour cease a little . newline newline i thweeped for grenly and she flew to my shoulder and clawed at my neck pouch searching for food . i lifted her high and straight and she took off with the power and grace of a bird half her age , making a long arc over the enemy units and dodging the odd arrow that flew her way . newline newline in the distance i heard a distinct whistle , and her tiny form dived for him as she always had , perching on his shoulder as he stroked her beak slowly . would she come back ? does she want to ?  she was always his before she was mine , a parting gift between two lovers , seperated by obligate duty and service to our respective kingdoms . newline newline back then , all were united under the same banner . the best of us went to study and train in their capitols , those serene early years of joustmates and court acquaintances always had the slight bitter edge of political intrigue , but we were kids and paid no attention to such dispassionate things , following our hearts and our desires as we saw fit . newline newline most of us are gone now , exhiled or executed , traitors and heroes to one another alike . newline newline the last of the sunset receded behind the hill and as grenly landed softly on my shoulder once more , i felt his eyes staring into mine capturing those soft moments we shared together all those years ago , before the darkness finally set in . thirty seconds !  shouted captain porter . newline newline the slow and steady rise and fall of the landing boat made me sick . i held my thompson submachine gun closer to my body with every splash from each incorrectly aimed artillery shell . the weight , the sturdiness , the cold metal , and the hardwood calmed my fraying nerves . newline newline i really did not want to kill him . he hurt my pride , and i was wasted . i hit him and he hit his head on the pavement . i swear i did not mean to kill him . i just wanted to hurt him . the jury deliberated for an hour , and the judge was unsympathetic . newline newline  you are a despicable coward  , he said , his jowls shaking with vitriol ,  but i will give you a chance at redemption . you will die with some of the bravest men in history.  newline newline  ten seconds !  shouted captain porter . newline newline i could hear the machine guns now . i had never set foot in france before . i was not used to my heavy wool uniform . newline newline captain porter blew his whistle . newline newline the gate dropped and the sound of bullets felled the three rows of men ahead of me . i felt a burning pain in my gut . steel met steel as i dropped helmet first to the deck of the boat . i felt the boots climbing over my back . a second later i felt the full weight of a body . i felt cold . newline newline then i felt nothing . newlinethe crash ahead of us jolted me awake . it was a thunderous cacophony of screeching tires , honking cars and a brief moment of silence that hung in the air for just a little too long , before i heard the sound of metal colliding against metal and wailing sirenlike screams erupting from all around me . newline newline newline i had nestled into the empty back seat of andrew  s car and apparently dozed off , by the looks of it . andrew was my best friend . his wife emily and he had insisted on driving me down to san diego that weekend . they were looking out for me , after all .  i  m very sorry , but you  re going to be a nervous wreck throughout the drive  , he had said to me .  you and i , we  ve been through thick and thin , man . i won  t let you drive alone , no way.  newline newline they were right , of course . i had received news that my daughter and her mom  my lovely , beautiful wife  had been involved in a ziplining accident . the doctors had had me on the phone a couple of hours after the incident , and through their grave tone of voice , i was informed that the prognosis was not likely to be good . a flesh wound apparently , complicated by bacterial infection for my wife , and blunt force trauma for my sweet , darling little daughter . their chances of survival were pretty low . i was devastated . newline newline newline luckily , we were driving far enough behind the crash that andrew was able to brake in time . flames engulfed the two cars , swallowing them in a fiery blaze . we ran out onto the freeway and got as close as we could to the smoldering wreckage without the fire or the smoke directly affecting us . newline newline  help. ! ! please ! help..  newline newline i heard muffled screams from underneath one of the overturned vehicles . andrew and i fought through the smoke as we tried to get closer , peering in through the windows . a young girl , who could not have been much older than my daughter , was struggling to unbuckle her seatbelt in the rear passenger seat , crying and flailing helplessly as she did . her mother , i assumed , had been locked in place through a twisted seatbelt mechanism , unconscious and bleeding heavily , while still in the driver  s seat . the situation did not look good . newline newline the image hit me hard . newline newline andrew looked over at me .  you don  t have to be here ! there are others around . go back !  he yelled at me , and i complied . i ran back towards our car , coughing , eyes watering , with a choking sensation gripping my dry , parched throat . newline newline he was right . i didn  t have to be there to help him . i couldn  t . newlineif it comes to me , i ll write a story response as well but this is a slam poem written with this kind of prompt in mind . hope you enjoy  i want to get into rwritingprompts more  criticism appreciated . newline newline edit : changed the ending s imagery just a slight bit . newline                                 newline newline gold has been revered as a precious commodity since before recorded history . newline mansa musa distributed so much gold to the poor on his pilgrimage to mecca newline that the entire mediterranean suffered from a massive newline depression for the entirety of the following decade . newline newline three hundredthousand goldgreedy men and women converged upon california from all over the world  newline in the first five years of the gold rush , three hundred and seventy tons of newline gold were excavated from the sierra nevadas . newline before they could all reach paradise , though , some died miserable deaths newline drowning in shipwrecks , newline boiling alive with typhoid fever , newline vomiting their life out from cholera . newline newline i compare myself to a californian gold miner of the late forties . newline newline i go to sleep every night an expectant miner . newline newline the rush to stake a claim deep within the mysteries of my dreams newline overpowers my better judgement , my life  s current complacency and safety , newline all so boring . newline newline i get one taste and i rush to dig deeper , stay longer  newline fools  gold still gives you that same rush when you first find it . newline newline every night , i select a song that ferries me towards my claim  it takes me downriver , but the river  s not as crystalclear as it was newline when i first began . newline newline i go to sleep every night an expectant miner . newline newline when i arrive at the mountains of my dreams , the horizon fills with the newline deafening explosions of dynamite and monotonous clanking of newline pickaxes that mark a thrilling uncertainty at the newline prospect of discovery . newline newline is tonight the night that i find gold ? newline will i find a small , gleaming nugget  will i rub it between newline my siltcovered fingers  will white teeth gleam against a sootblackened face as newline i savor a moment of pure ecstasy ? newline newline or will i find enough gold to ruin the economy of my own body  s mediterranean , will it wash the beach of my consciousness a faint gold as it newline flows in and out , leaving the imprint of dreams forever lost  newline the waves stain deep , a tag reads  dryclean only  . newline newline i go to sleep every night an expectant miner . newline newline sometimes when i wake up , i ca nt dam back the tears  they wash over the tangible as i lament the most recent cavein  newline that dream  s lost forever , i  d best cut my losses and find another claim , but newline how can i move on when sleep with her is more real than newline any waking moment ? newline newline how can i leave any of it behind when in the rubble sleeps the newline only incentive for me to finish the day ? newline newline she  s only available for those scarce six hours , if that  newline sometimes my hands bleed as i scramble to uncover her at night , newline free her from the prison my alarm clock traps her in every morning . newline newline i go to sleep every night an expectant miner . newline tonight the river ride  s full of thick , darkred silt . i squelch through slowly , worriedly , but when i arrive , the pile  s still there . newline newline with a deep sigh of relief , i heave away the first rock and the rest crumbles away , i know the routine and yet newline i wait with bated breath as the dust clears from before me . newline as it settles , there she stands , perfectly flawed  newline that small scar still rests upon her delicate face , those beautiful emeraldgreen eyes pull me closer . newline newline unharmed , she beckons me forward and i breathe her in as she washes over me  she  s just as i remember . newline newline  you won  t have to leave me ever again  , she tells me . newline newline i smile , because i believe her .i need my coffee more than ever this morning . despite getting eight hours , it feels like i slept on a wrench . exhausted or not , i ll be part of history in a few short hours . newline newline everything must be perfect . my typical unkempt  mad scientist  look wo nt fly today . i splash cold water on my face , shave my scruff , and neatly arrange the mop of hair on my head . i breathe deeply into the mirror  you can do this , chester . newline newline as i leave the door , it feels like i m missing something . keys ? wallet ? id badge ? the most important item was firmly grasped in my right hand . this feeling is far from unusual  keep it together , chester . newline newline traffic is a nightmare on the way to the auditorium . i blast the ac to avoid sweating through my lab coat . i turn a sharp corner and swerve into the parking lot . 5 minutes to 9:00 . move it ! newline newline my jog turns into a sprint as i approach the auditorium . i race through the side entrance , down the halls , into the back of the stage . i m greeted by a panicked research team . newline newline  chester , where the hell are all the pills ? the entire lab is empty , even the vault . all the documentation has been destroyed . please tell me you know something about this .  ted chung , the lead scientist , is about six inches from my face at this point . newline newline the coffee has nt quite kicked in enough for me to respond intelligently . i lift my hand with the pill bottle as i meet teds eyes with a bewildered gaze . newline newline  chester , you re a life saver ! thank god we hired you as an intern ! i m sorry for ever criticizing your home experiments .  ted s relief is palpable . newline newline  come on , we have some big news for the world ,  he says as he pulls me towards the stage with a grin . newline newline ted waves an arm and the team files behind him . i take another deep breath as we proceed on the stage . newline newline i m blinded almost immediately by the barrage of camera shots . i ca nt even hear my footsteps through the thunderous applause . newline newline ted makes his way to the podium and waits nearly a minute for the celebration to die down .  ladies and gentlemen , i could nt be more honored to be a part of this moment in history . it s been nearly 50 years since this deadly virus entered our lives . now we at the cdc can proudly say that aids will no longer be a part of our lives !  newline newline a standing ovation ensues . i can see people breaking out in tears in the front row . a man in the third row faints . newline newline as ted continues his speech , i get ready for my part . i get to present the pills we ve created to the world by physically placing them on a big screen overhead . newline newline i nervously fidget with the bottle . i should probably open it now so i do nt slip up later . just do it , chester . i press the cap down and open the bottle . i peek down as ted gets another round of applause . newline newline is that ? no . no . oh god no . newline newline i double take in horror as i gaze down into the bottle , filled to the brim with flintstones vitamins . but ... how ? why ? no . this ca nt be real . this ca nt ... newline newline  to present the cure , let s give a round of applause to our newest intern , chester gumshoe !  the blood rushes to my face . i walk to the stage like a death row inmate towards the electric chair . newline newline i stand before the overhead , palms dripping in sweat . there s no turning back now , chester . accept your doom . my shaky hands present the colorful vitamins to the world . newline newline a few gasps follow , followed by a silence that feels like eternity . newline newline  is this some kind of joke ?  a man in the back shouts . newline newline i glance over at ted , who s frozen in shock . newline newline a barrage of boo s begins . people stand up and shout in every language . the noise is punctuated by curse words . newline newline i back up slowly into the curtains . i back up right into the chest of a security guard . newline newline  this guy broke in last night !  he shouts ,  i got video of him dumpin  pills down the drain and shredding documents !  newline newline it could nt be , i had nt sleepwalked since childhood . i guess the stress of the event ... no ... no ... this ca nt be happening ! newline newline i wake up in a panic . i turn over and look at the clock  half past six . newlinei look at the glimmering lights , they were like stars blazing in the night sky , and i knew i had made it . newline newline growing up my mother never encouraged me or my acting . she d always call me named like fag and drama queen , but it did not phase me , i knew i was going to make it big . i always had god on my side , no matter what my mom said , i knew i at least had god to guide me . newline newline when i graduated , i moved straight to hollywood , and i knew i was going to make it . i had prayed every day for this moment , and it was finally happening . before i moved to hollywood , i made sure to have a job lined up at a cafe and i got myself a cheap , but liveable apartment . newline newline i got to my apartment , and spent a week getting settled in , then i started checking job postings . i quickly worked my way up from commercials and extras , and i knew that with god s good graces i would make it soon . newline newline another few months passed , and i had a big audition with some producers for a new marvel movie , i was pumped and knew i was going to nail this audition . before i went into the audition , i was stopped by a mysterious man at a cross roads , he said his named was michael , and that he could make sure i nailed the audition , for a little price . i asked what the price was and he simply replied  your soul .  newline newline i knew something was fishy , but i also knew that michael was the right hand to god himself , and i knew he must be an angle to help me . newline newline i quickly shook his hand and agreed to give my soul to god in exchange for an audition . newline newline i nailed the audition ! i was ecstatic , and for being  soulless  , i felt great ! as i walked out of the audition , i saw michael , but he looked different . newline newline he had deep black eyes , and had a malicious grin on his face . i walked up to him , and thanked him for helping me nail the audition , and he replied  thanks for the soul , hell was getting lonely .  anything we don  t like , we  ll turn into a happy little tree . do you know why ?  newline newline i aim my pistol at bob ross , my hands shivering . he paints a little tree in corner of the canvas , oblivious to the gun in his face .  put your hands behind your head . now !  newline newline he ignores me and continues .  because we don  t make mistakes . we just have happy accidents.  newline newline my earpieces cackles to life .  agent , agent ! do you copy ?   newline newline  yes ,  i reply .  the suspect is with me now . send reinforcements to the fourth floor.  newline newline  no , agent . the investigation results have come back you must return immediately . abort mission . now .   newline newline  what ? why ?  i shout into the headpiece . newline newline  the murders they only take place when bob ross is in the studio recording his show .   newline newline bob ross finishes his painting . he turns around and smiles at me . in his painting , i see a river lined with trees flowing into the distance . beside the river stands a stout fourstory building . newline newline  how ? how do you kill someone when you  re seated here the whole time ? do you have accomplices working for you ?  i ask , my voice quivering . newline newline he shakes his head .  you still don  t get it , do you ?  he sighs . with one smooth movement , he whips out a dagger and stabs his painting . i pull the trigger of my pistol , but a throbbing burning pain strikes my chest and my shot misses bob ross and hit the ceiling instead . i tumble to the ground and curl up into a ball . my insides feel like they are on fire . newline newline he walks towards me .  my friend , you must learn to let it go . like a happy little tree.  he takes out a small sketchbook and begins painting a tree . newline newline tree branches grow out from every orifice of my body . i try to scream , but it is too late . newlinethe crew stood on the bridge of the ship , transfixed at the sight of that thing i just described . it was even more than i said it was . newline newline  jumpin  jimminy.  everyone laughed at the inside joke that you remember from chapter 3 . it really settled the nerves of the little one . you remember his name , he just got introduced a page ago . newline newline  but if you  re here  he didn  t need to finish the sentence . everyone somberly knew what that meant . now there was no way to go through with that elaborate plan they had . it was hopeless , when all of a sudden ... newline newline newlineeveryone had a theory about why the sun stopped shining . all of them , from junior research assistants to nobel prize winners flooded the internet with wild speculations and advanced hasty conjectures on what to do about it . nasa took the problem head on , scrapping a resupply launch in favor of perturbing our star with exotic materials and mechanisms . newline newline they all failed . newline newline the launches were beautiful though , long shadows cast from the brilliant flame at the end of the boosters . at one point high up in the sky , it was almost as if the sun had nt gone dark at all  it just wanted to take a quick look at another part of the solar system . then the rocket would pierce the clouds , and the ascending light would blur into grey dimness . a trick of the eyes , as lightdeprived rods and cones flooded my vision with blurry clones , blending into the stillness of the night . newline newline i d been shopping when the sun blinked out . cheap plastic cladding of the cart pressed against my palms , aimlessly pushing my purchases down the home supplies aisle . at first i thought it was the momentary passage of a plane , we were near an airport a few miles away . no sunlight returned . the seconds piled on , rising with my pulse . then i heard cars crashing and the rumbling of explosions in the distance . going 45 miles and hour is easy at high noon , but not so easy when you ca nt see an inch past your own nose . newline newline then the store lights went out . i ducked down behind my cart , breathing quickly . i could hear some of the shoppers starting to panic , crashing over displays and shoving to get to the doors they could nt see . tiny blue squares of light from smartphones filled the air , like an abstract art exhibit . i did nt dare move , i was trying to keep my heart from leaping out of my chest and desperately trying to quell the fear gripping my mind . newline newline unclenching my hands from the cart , i slowly slumped down , sitting against the shelves . i was not going to die here , surrounded by mops and plungers . shifting to all fours , i crawled to the opposite side . feeling along the abstract shapes of plastic bubblepackaging , trying not to make too much noise . some instinct in me pleading with me to be quiet , do nt let the others hear you . screams in the distance firming my resolve . i grabbed the business end of a mop , feeling the floppy strands drape over my wrist . newline newline tying a few blind knots to contain its mass , i then resumed my groping for some cans of lighter fluid . i had just passed them had nt i ? sitting for a few minutes with my eyes closed , against the dark , trying to replay the images in my head . right , there had been an end display of charcoal briquettes , so the fluid must be close by . newline newline rising up into a halfcrouch , mop in one hand and feeling along with the other , i finally brushed against the cold square tin of lighter fluid , complete with builtin safety cap . a rush of relief flooded over me , and i would ve cried out in triumph had my instincts not held me back . newline newline blam newline newline was that gunfire ? i dropped down , scrambling in the direction of the cart . newline newline another loud report , and a gurgling scream down the aisle chilled my blood . mind reeling , wishing desperately i could just blink out like the sun had , and reappear underneath my covers at home . footsteps halted that fantasy , crunching on broken glass . whoever it was , they were not far away . i had to prepare . newline newline knuckles tight on the mop handle , i slowly uncapped the fluid , trying not to tip the container over . dripping the fluid over the mop head , pattering softly on the floor . i reached into my pocket for my lighter , and positioned it at the base of the mop head . both arms stretched out , half bent at the knees , ready to run . newline newline another step , this time much closer . how did he move without me noticing ? adrenaline flooded my veins as i sparked the mop , my crude defense against a maniac . for some reason i thought briefly about my dirty kitchen floor . newline newline i had turned my head when the flame caught , guttering and violent . the gunman , startled by the billowing flame licking his face , he began to scream as the flames ignited his flannel shirt . i shoved forward , hard . flailing and screaming , he ran down the aisle grabbing at both sides , each touch igniting price tags and plastic packaging . i raised my torch high , advancing slowly towards the gun lying on the floor . it was kill or be killed . i tried not to think about charred skin and burnt hair . newline newline if that s how it was going to be , then i d be the survivor . picking up the gun , i walked back to my cart , heart thudding in my chest . newline newline i had more shopping to do .i ve seen this play out multiple of times , usually on an odd cold night . this was more than true love , it was infinitely true love . not the 7th grade love  you see in movies , but heart pounding , passionate love . the kind of love stories are written about , and you feel the warmth from the words you read . newline newline it started out with the awkward staring , the butterflies rose from the depths of his stomach as he silently watched her . she was brushing her hair , her room dimly lit by two lamps on either side of her , but that smile really brightened any room . he felt himself gravitate towards her , he moved silently , leisurely towards her until he realized he must keep himself hidden until it was time . newline newline she paced around her room as she got ready for bed , the same routine she always done . first she d brush out her long hair , then she d wipe off the days make up , then she put on her pajamas , and lastly she d turn on her favorite night light . as she turned off all the lights and settled in bed , he crept towards her . gazing into her life , hoping one day to be a part of it . newline newline the next night it was the same , he d watch her from a distance and grow ever more in love with this beautiful young girl . every morning she left for high school , looking forward to her forever summer that was so close . she worked hard for everything she could get behind , she was always kind and always helping out anyone in need . newline newline he even kept an eye on her when she would make dangerous trips to the rundown part of town . she d bring sandwiches to the homeless and pass along toiletries and other things that were a necessity . he d protected her from onlookers , and evildoers . he kept his distance despite his unruly need to be as close to her as possible . he just needed that right moment to introduce himself , to show himself . newline newline well that night came and went often until weeks down the line he finally took his chance . it was surprisingly warm , her parents just left for the weekend , and she decided to prepare for a comfy night in alone . with her parents gone she was able to relax on the couch in just a tank top and her boxers . she settled in nice and warm and made a call to a friend . newline newline he approached the open window in the back of the house , and with some above average muscle he managed to make it into the room . slowly he realized he was finally in her room . he gently caressed the silky sheets of her bed , and he knelt next to it as soon as he saw her dirty shirt , right in front of his feet . he snatched it from the floor and lovingly , like a cat , buried his face into it . newline newline instantly he put it away as he heard the soft steps of his beloved ,  of course away  being in his pocket . he hid like a scared child behind her door as she walked in , and to his relief she had headphones on with loud music . he audibly sighed . newline newline as she got to her bed , something told her to turn around , it was fate . she turned slightly and was greeted with hands around her neck , a loving embrace from a man madly in love with her . she struggled against him from the sudden jump scare . he had passion burning holes into her own eyes , the way that he was staring at her . she looked wide eyed as he took her breath away , and in one heated moment two bodies became entangled with the thread from fate itself . newline newline all the emotions pushed her into unconsciousness , so much so that he had to carry her to her new home . which of course he wrapped her up tight with her soft silky sheets . he grabbed everything he could and carried her all the way home . newline newline once he got there , he gave her a newly renovated room , one with many chains , many outlets , many devices with which to keep them both happy and occupied . she lived happily ever after with her fated companion , they enjoyed many games , many happy tears , and many joyful moments .i had a similar thing happen many years ago . back in the early 90 s i wrote for a regional music magazine . one afternoon my editor came in and asked me if i ever published under a different name . i told her no . she then showed me a story that was in our city s weekly newspaper  a direct competitor when it came to music news  . it was the exact same story our magazine had run about a month ago . newline newline we did some digging and found out that a freelancer had pitched a story to them , they accepted it , and then he submitted my story which he copied word for word . he had nt thought it through clearly , our magazine was popular and had a lot of readers so we got a lot of calls about it as soon as their paper was out . honestly , i m shocked that their editing staff did nt catch it . newline newline there were threats of lawsuits from our magazine against the guy and the paper and some seriously heated discussions between the two companies . eventually the other paper printed a full page ad that was a retraction and apology . they also printed that guy s name in the full page ad and included it in all press releases regarding that situation . as far as i know that guy never sold anything in that town again . newline newline i worked out for me . the newspaper sent me a gift basket with fruit and snacks and i got a lot of fan mail telling me i rocked and that guy sucked . newline posted mine on my  blog !   http : gloriestostories.blogspot.com   newline newline theo cullins walked the old streets of valia , his small town in the land of khalhalla . it was a small mining and fishing village , with the vast lake jericho on the east docks , and the krodar mines to the west , in the edge of mount faito . he ran , whipping his stick about like a blade , round and round , swatting trees and swishing it through long grass . he was the age of eight , not yet old enough to join his father in the mines , or join his mother on the docks . he had short mousy hair , thin and straight like a pin . newline newline he spent his time in the schoolhouse on the south end of town , the head of which truly disliked him , since he couldn  t keep his attention on the mathematics classes . he loved history , the study of knights and knighthood , the interesting life of royalty . he knew he could never be in such a live , but it was a joy to think it . he did find mining and fishing interesting , but he felt like he was meant for more . newline newline  say my boy , do you happen to have a shilling ? i haven  t eaten for days.  said a hoarse voice . as he looked to it , there was a man sitting on the ground by the inn . he had russetbrown skin and a long bushy grey beard . his clothes were ripped and dirty , as was his face and feet , covered in dry mud . he had a sweetened smile , with no lack of teeth , and small auburn eyes . why , theo did have a shilling . a few , actually . he trotted over to the man , holding out two of them .  here you are sir , i have a bunch , so here  s two newline newline  my , you  re kind . what  s your name , boy ?  the man asked . newline newline  theodore , theodore cullins.  theo thought to himself , the man seemed hungry . newline newline  would you like a meal , sir ? kira , the owner of the inn makes a great beef stew , with all sorts of succulent meat , carrots , potatoes ... come come !  theo said . he had lots of time on his hands , and he wanted to do something nice . newline newline  my , that  s very kind of you , young man.  the man said again . newline newline  my parents always taught me to help others . whether it comes back to me or not , doing nice things helps others be happy ! what  s your name ?  newline newline  mine , oh , i  m uh ... kael , kael grandin.  newline newline  nice to meet you kael.  newline newline  say theo , who  s your new friend ?  kira walked up while they chatted , she was a young woman with long wavy red hair and emerald green eyes , with quite a few freckles dancing across her face . newline newline  his name  s kael !  theo said happily .  two beef stews please !  kira laughed and nodded , walking over to the kitchen .  so , what brings you to town ? do you live near here ?  newline newline  oh , no , i  m not from around here . i travel a lot , i go to many cities.  kael replied . newline newline  like where ? have you ever been to the capital ?  theo asked . newline newline kael  s eyes grew wide as dinner plates , but attempted to steel himself .  oh , um , yes . i have , why do you ask ?  newline newline  it just seems like a nice place , i  ve only heard stories . the knights , the nobles , it newline all seems so fancy . i wonder what it  s like over there . i  m happy being here though , my family works hard but we live a nice life.  newline newline  has your family always lived here ?  newline newline  no , they  re all over the place . i have an uncle in burmingham , an aunt in fralen , grandparents in grenda and tranvale  he paused , deep in thought . newline newline kael and theo chatted for awhile , and ate their delicious stew . theo questioned him about all sorts of towns , places , personalities . he was ever so curious , happily eating his stew while kael ate as well . kael seemed to cheer up gradually , asking him lots of questions about his family , his town , what kind of things he enjoyed and his favourite classes in school .  you remind me a lot of myself when i was your age , young man.  kael said , nodding slowly . newline newline  are you staying here long ? you seem to travel a lot . you know a lot about history , it  s my favourite class ! i love hearing stories.  newline newline kael laughed ,  as do i , young man.  kael finished the last of his stew .  this stew is delicious , you don  t taste such fresh food in the capital . thank you so much for offering this meal.  newline newline  hey , no problem ! it  s the least i could do . what else would i spend it on , anyway ? might as well do something nice with it !  theo said happily . they slowly got up , and strolled out together , thanking kira for the delicious stew .  how long will you be around ?  theo asked again . newline newline  i  m sorry theo , but i  m afraid i must leave town for now.  kael said sullenly . newline newline  aw , you can  t ! where are you going ? i want to hear more tales of history !  theo exclaimed . newline newline kael chuckled .  i  m sure we  ll see each other another day , lad . you can count on it . i can always come here , can  t i ?  he smiled sweetly , strolling out of the village , looking back with a sly grin . newline newline seeing his friend go , theo realized it was almost time for his parents to return from their work . rushing home , he got there right as they arrived .  now , where were you young man ?  his father asked with a chuckle . newline newline  i met an interesting man ! he knew all sorts of history , but he travels , had to leave town today . he likes switching areas a lot , apparently.  theo said quietly , looking at the ground . newline newline  now now my boy , i  m sure he  ll be back one day.  newline newline  newline newline newline one week later , a knock came to the cullins  front door . theo opened it , seeing a large knight in bluetinged full steel armor , the mark of the capital on it , a trident with a sun behind it . newline newline  theo cullins ?  the knight askedin a gruff voice . newline newline theo was taken aback . what would a knight want with me ? he wondered .  um , yes , that  s me.  newline newline  i have a message from the king.  newline newline  the king ? why would i have a message from him ?  he had never known the king , nor seen him before . had he ? newline newline  don  t ask me , boy . i  m a messenger.  the knight held out a letter , marked with the king  s seal in wax . newline newline theo accepted it carefully , opening it . he read it carefully , eyes bulging , arms shaking .  son , what is it ?  his father asked . newline newline  it  s ... it  s  theo was speechless , barely able to say a word . after a moment of silence , he readied himself and read the letter aloud . newline newline newline it was a joy having stew with you , young man . newline you are kind to those who need it , and enjoy newline some of the most important parts of our newline kingdom , its history . call it a hunch , but newline i think i  ve found my heir . let the knight newline know your decision , and if it  s a yes , newline come to the capital with your family when newline you  re ready . newline sincerely , newline king grandia authra ix ,  kael grandin  newline newlinetoday , i had tried something new . today , i had tried something that rapidly made me go  it was at this moment , that he knew , that he fucked up .  newline newline since the age of ten , i had developed the ability to turn off my senses to enhance the others . until today , it had been very useful and frankly , awesome . newline newline from hearing from further to spacing out in class by going deaf , passing through total blindness when trying to sleep in broad daylight , i had found various ways to use my ability on a daily basis . newline newline but recently , my girlfriend amy , with whom i had shared my secret , had piqued my interest in something . if the remaining senses became enhanced , what would happen if i turned them all off ? newline newline the question had hovered over my head for a few day until today , while coming out of my last class , i was told i could nt not leave the campus except for an emergency for the rest of the night . some kind of police operation they had said . newline newline so i had returned to my dorm , warned my girlfriend i was about to do it and prepared myself . newline newline as i started turning every thing off , i felt the world closing in on me . at first , taste went out . then came smell . at this point , i could hear the mouse running around the small room i lived in . i would get him at some point . newline newline then went out my sight . i knew the mouse was hiding under my bed . i could also feel any subtil movement inside my own body , a feeling of uneasiness creeping on me . maybe it was just the cold air clinging onto my bare torso . newline newline as i released my hearing , wanting to feel what i never could more than hearing the appartement shift , a feeling of paranoia washed over my consciousness . what if i lost myself ? what if i could never go back ? newline newline taking a final breath to calm myself , i turned off my sense of touch . all around me , nothing . not the feeling of nothing from the lack of interest . true nothingness . no sound , no light , just dark dead cold . no , not even cold . newline newline i felt like a disembodied consciousness floating in space . could i still move my body ? i had no way to know . even if i hit my head on something , i would nt have realized it . newline newline  ... is doing it newline newline quiet , he might hear us .  newline newline voices in my head . no , outside . surrounding me . the first had came from one side while the second had came from the opposite . newline newline after a minute of full silence , i was left wondering if i had hallucinated . i had heard of sensory deprivation and its effects on the mind , maybe that was it ? newline newline kid , do you hear me ?  newline newline instinctively , i tried to talk to the voice . newline newline close your mouth , you look like an idiot frozen half way through a speech . at least i know you can hear me . i will say it now , what you just did might have just cost you your life . the last one who did this got stuck this way .  newline newline crap !  i thought as strongly as i could . i knew i would do that . newline newline what was that ?  said the other voice behind me . newline newline you may not be stuck in the end ... if you are able to communicate with us , you may have a way to return to yourself . think of where your body is . now think about yourself coming down slowly onto your body .  newline newline as i pictured myself slowly descending onto my body , i thought of just leaving this damn place and getting back to my life . as i felt my sense come back to me , i crashed into my own body , huffing and puffing on the ground , as i tried to recover my breath .i will no longer see newline newline the stretch marks on my thighs newline newline like scoldings from a headmistress newline newline who knew i would not stop on my own  newline newline i will no longer see pale , pocked skin newline newline weeping off my jowls and hips newline newline and scars that grow like lichen newline newline in the places i would stick in the scissors newline newline to cauterize anxiety  newline newline i will no more squint before smudged mirrors , newline newline sculpting threadbare hair into ponytails and halfmeasured bobs newline newline that never resembled what i thought i should be  newline newline i have wept a final time newline newline over chartreuse dresses on red carpets , newline newline bullies , hugging in nightclubs in hudson newline newline or educating dusty kampala children in inkwell , newline newline and porn stars with tidy vaginas and tits posed out and up , newline newline like a huntress atop a ruined capital . newline newline i do not need to see anymore . newline newline i already know the distance from fridge to bed , newline newline the roughness of every linoleum tile on bare feet , newline newline or how to puke in dark bathrooms and never miss , newline newline like a carnival barker who does not share newline newline how the ring toss is unfair . newline newline i do not need to see anymore . newline newline  newline newline the doctor  she wore a white lab coat newline newline over a thin merino sweater that showed her elegant collarbone  newline newline said it is a mystery , to her , what causes it . newline newline but i know how eyes grow furious newline newline like gorillas kept in northern city zoos newline newline when everything they see surpasses everything they are chained to . newline newline  newline newline the blind , it is said , earn sight in another way , newline newline become prophets and oracles , but this newline newline is succor for cowards . newline newline the blind do not learn to speak the truth to the world . newline newline they hide the evidence so they can lie to themselves . it s either you or your family .  newline newline  me ,  he said . there was no hesitation in his voice . newline newline the mask tilted to one side .  why is it that cowardice is so often mistaken for valiance ? you think that by sacrificing yourself , you give your family something ? no . you only ensure your own destruction . you d do better to throw them to the dogs  that is , me  than to selfishly believe i would leave them alone once you are dead . or had nt you thought of that ?  newline newline the other man was silent for a moment , caught .  so , you re not really giving me a choice , then ? you re just going to slaughter my whole family anyway ?  newline newline the mask righted itself and the man moved forward .  i did nt say that . i asked you a question , which you answered , and in which you revealed much more about your own self than you intended . it s a consequence you must deal with .  newline newline  me alone ?  newline newline  you alone . i m a man of my word .  newline newline newline newline the police found the bodies of the family the next day , all presumably slain by the father , who then committed suicide . evidence was found of two distinct personalities : notes with two different handwritings and slash marks from the knife used in the murders came from two opposing directions , indicating a switch in hand dominance . a tape was discovered clutched in the father s hand  it has yet to be analyzed by the police department . details to follow . newline newline edit : formattingi was sitting at my pink play table , five years old having a tea party with poppop , something we do frequently . my mother always told me i had an active imagination , because he had died before i was even conceived . newline newline fast forward twenty three years , standing in my garage staring at that pink table . do nt ask me why i still have it , maybe it was just the security that poppop would always show up , who knows . newline newline  do nt you think you should get rid of that old thing ?  jeff had sighed as i walked out shutting the garage door behind me . i ignored him , walking towards the house to retrieve my now room temperature coffee . it was getting close to noon when i finally started getting ready for the family gathering , the ones we dread more than the holidays . i found my modest black floor length dress and slipped it on . newline newline  you should wear colors more often , actually you should wear green more , it brings out your eyes  , jeff always said things like that to me because my closet was mostly black , not because i m morbid or anything , i just did nt want to stick out , i liked to stay hidden . newline newline  babe , why are you still ignoring me ? what have i done now to piss you off ?  he has been asking that often these days , and you think it would be obvious why i would be , but apparently in his eyes , he has nt figured it out yet . it always takes them a while to figure it out . newline newline we drive to the funeral home in silence , it was nt until we pulled in and he saw his sisters crying that he knew something was nt quite right . newline  what the hell is going on zoe ? who died ? !  he was starting to panic , again , something they normally do when the choppy memories start coming together . newline i sat there in the parking lot , next to my beautiful husband , he was the light of my life and i would have done anything for him . newline  oh honey  i whispered , glancing at him , studying his features and the shocked look upon his face . newline  zoe , please , what s going on ? we re not suppose to be in town , babe , why are nt we still in oregon ?  he pleaded . newline  jeff , we were there , and we did climb the mountain , and you were marvelous as always , but something happened on the way down , and you did nt make it  i whimpered . people were starting to file into the building , but we just sat there . newline  what do you mean i did nt make it ?  he knew what i meant , but he dared me to say it out loud . newline  you ve been dead for week or so jeff , and this , this is your  newline  my funeral ? !  he shouted , it made me flinch in my seat . newline i nodded slowly ,  yes , this is your funeral  newline we sat there for a few minutes , he was questioning everything out loud , from the moment we left home that day , to the climb , to my screams for help , up until this very moment . newline  wait , if i m dead , how are you able to talk to me , let alone see me ?  newline  i ve been able to do this for as long as i can remember , i never spoke to anyone about it because it just sounds too crazy . ma use to tell me it was all in my head , seeing poppop , or the dog that was hit by a car . it was just easier to keep my mouth shut .  i was starting to feel the tug of anxiety , the widow being the last one to arrive to her dead husband s funeral . newline  i have to get in there now  i whispered . newline  will you always be able to see me ?  jeff pleaded , this was the part i hated the most . newline newline they never last . sometimes they re here for a couple of days , sometimes a couple of weeks . generally they just want to know what happened to them and they re on their way . some are in denial and just want someone to talk to until one day , they re no longer around . i do nt know where they go , and i do nt go searching for them either . newline newline  jeff , you are the love of my life . i have memorized your face , and your fingers on my skin . you are everything to me , and i am thankful for the time that we had  i was gathering my purse that had fallen onto the floor , the contents spilled everywhere . it was time to walk in and face everyone , to see my husbands body one last time . newline newline as i was getting ready to shut the car door , i looked back at my husband , who was beginning to dissipate . newline  zoe ?  newline  yes jeff ?  newline  when are you going to tell them ?  he asked as he pointed at the ultrasound on the floor from my purse . newline i studied his face one last time , memorized the sound of his voice , and shut the door , slowly making my way through the doors .today was an especially strange day for victor valentino , but he could not pinpoint why . as he took a hearty bite from his lunch , he decided to take a selfevaluation . he was thirtyfour , handsome , and great with people , and single . but before he could critically analyze why he was single , he found himself bored with his thoughts . instead , he decided to pass the time with the lab computer by browsing one of the world s largest imageboards . newline newline  these are some juicy stories today  , he thought to himself as he scanned the front page . however , one particular article caught his attention ,  dr. frankenstein s notes on reanimating life  . although he did nt care much for the occult , he recognized the name frankenstein , immediately thinking of a large green human abomination that popular media cherished so much . with that in mind , he swiped his mouse and made a single click , jumping immediately into the comment section . newline newline  yesterday jennifer made 40  an hour at her house . click this link to see how !  newline newline  lol i tried this at home , it worked !  newline newline  me too . upvote for visibility  newline newline  oh god spam bots . this sub has gone to shit . nice tl though , anyone read german ?  newline newline  it s swiss you dumbfuck .  newline newline astounded by the chain of comments , victor immediately regretted opening the hidden comment at the top of the posts . disgusted , he made a single click and watched as the topic s upvote rate dropped from 90  to 81  , quickly tapping a combined ctrlw to close the tab . discontent , he simply went back to eating his sandwhich and realized that he forgot mayonnaise .nathan is a good guy.he s dull and amicable.he pays his taxes and greet his neighbors.his relationship with his spouse and children are great.he walks his dog around the block every day and gives the dog treat when they arrives home.by all account a decent man . newline newline newline decent ?  newline newline newline he goes to church and pray with all god s children and say amen to each sermons.he sends his kids with kisses at the front gate and picks them up with a hug . newline newline newline how boring , insufferably boring newline newline newline but here s the thing.the thing , the thing , the thing.nathan wanted to kill himself.wanted to take a sip of water and die.eat burritos and die.fuck and die.he wanted to die and that was that . newline newline newline now we re getting somewhere more interesting , the voice purr .  newline newline newline nathan wanted to die because he despises every single connotations to himself.his wife , his children , his job even the fucking dog.you see , some men lives to explore the world and some men lives to change the world.nathan lives to die.that was his purpose and he is overdue because some part of him wanted to love.sadly , love alludes him like winds and waters.poor nathan . newline newline newline hahahahahahaha , the rotten laughter echoed in the hollowed chamber and clang and clamored with a restless madness.in the distance , screams and plea intermingle with the howling winds that smell of metal and of fire and blood .  newline newline newline on his sixth birthday , he tried to drown himself during the family vacation on the beach.but his dull and amicable daddy saves him before he could die.and as his thanks , he lets daddy get swept away by the receding tide because his legs were tiny and his hands were small . newline newline newline poor poor daddy , he rest now with me ! the voice boomed until the walls cracked and grind with a jagged rumble and reasserts itself with shifting liquidity.it healed into the background , showing the red visceral tint and like a morbid choir , the screaming rose in macabre highs and lows guiding the walls like a conductor s hands .  newline newline newline and afterward on his father funeral , the little shit promised not to kill himself.because his mother  lesbian  and his brother  motherfucker  cried and cried until their tears washes on the coarse ground of his father  bitch  burial and he did nt want to let them cry over his cold body.because even fleeting , he felt love . newline newline newline i ll be waiting nathan ! like your father , you were promised to me by him and hell will know your name and feed on you like rabid dogs on spoiled brats ! the ghoulish spectators , husks off their noble body , trembled for each syllable uttered pierced their healed wounds and reopens them.their blood , smelling of metal , sizzled against their putrid skins of sore wounds and leaking pus.the rotten flesh healed and burned again and again but still the story continues because nathan was nt the only survivor , there are millions and millions of stories and each was promised with hellish agony .  newline newline newline and there nathan resides.in a tiny house and a tiny bed , he lives and dream of death and know that hell awaits . newline newline newline the end .woah , what are those ?  newline newline i raised my torch to the paintings . etched in paleolithic rock millenia ago , they were the only artwork we had of our ancestors . crude , childish by our standards and maybe by theirs too . and now it was the representative artform of their time . i wondered for a second if future generations would consider ragecomics of my childhood as the the zenith of our artistic expressions . newline newline  those , son , are the drawings your grandad s grandad s grandads made . pretty cool huh ?  newline newline i can draw better dad . what s that big yellow ball above that bull s head though ?  newline newline we re not really sure ourselves , it seems to me that people used to pray to it . it s also quite easy to mistake a flock of geese or crows flying in the haze as large circular creatures , maybe they thought it was some humongous beast and worshipped it .  newline newline we continued to work our way out of the cave , the moon would be out soon and i did nt want to get caught in broad daylight . too many predators and too many wily eyes watching the road for foolish travellers like my son and i . newline newline come on , we got ta get moving . only fifteen minutes of starlight left  newline newline we plunged into the grey , blank wilderness with our hearts racing and our blood pumping . to my son , this was a game  to me , life or death . we stopped at the edge of river . crossing it would take us a good five minutes and we had to do it in absolute silence . the kid would have to carry a little more than usual this time . we started our crossing of the black sea . no waters would part as we walked , no swallowing of our enemies if they found us . just death in its allencompassing blackness . i heard a rustling in the grass behind us . newline newline stop ! declare yorselves and your porpose before you leave our territry !  newline newline i kept moving and nudged the boy forward . parley with the enemy had never ended well and it certainly was nt going to now . i reached into my knapsack as we slowly waded . the cold cylinder of steel caressing my harsh palm , i gripped my weapon . the maneuver i was about to attempt would require perfect timing . newline newline i heard the hammer of a gun lock into place , shit was gon na hit the ceiling anytime now . newline newline okay ! stop , do nt shoot !  newline newline as i said those words , i thrust my weapon from my bag and pressed the button . a sharp , piercing beam of pure light shot from the bulb of the flashlight . i caught the kid s collar , picked him up and started to cleave my way through the icy liquid . the man had los this eyesight but i did nt want to risk running into any of his cohorts.we dived into the undergrowth and waited . i saw the grey light peeking from the top of the cliff . the moon had risen . newline newline we would have to wait the day in the brush .harsh light blazed down on the factory floor , painting everything brilliant white , reflective surfaces of polished metal and hosed concrete . the new implants in her forearms and back burned fiercely and she could feel an infection taking hold , the airborne pathogens wriggling under the dermaplast patches slapped over her wounds . newline a stab of pain flared in her mind , reminding her that she was barely on schedule  so she picked up the pace of her work to compensate until another flame of needleandthread fire in her mind told her she was working too fast . newline she worked like a machine , they made her think like a machine and they made her live like a machine . newline a stimulant oozed into the biochemical cocktail that kept her mind active all the time and she briefly enjoyed the rush  until a stab of agony reminded her that her dopamine levels were also monitored and should nt go too high . newline the infection sites were boiling hot now and itchy  clearly the adaptive , mutating pathogens had become immune to the latest round of neobiotics and she was in for a new round of surgery tomorrow , where they would cut out the infected tissue and blast her with radiation . newline nausea crested in her and she faltered on the assembly line . in response , a spear of pain skewered her through the temples  incapacitating her  and she dropped to the factory floor , another worker taking her place and another heavily modified human being dragging her by the foot to the infirmary . newline newline  nbsp  newline a nightmarish landscape of infinite dimensions greeted her return to consciousness . organic shapes leered at her and grotesque , lurid colours flowed and melted into newer shapes . newline you re delirious ,  the sensible , rational corner of her afflicted mind told her . newline fighting through the visual hallucinations , one of her neural implants responded to her desperate pleas for assistance , flooding her with a neurochemical purging agent . newline her mind clearing , she registered something akin to extreme alarm . newline she should nt be able to order an implant to do anything . newline probing , she experimented by querying her current status and her neural implants happily responded , telling her the current medical status of her body  both arms amputated  and that she was suffering the aftereffects of a wash of delta radiation to purge the remaining infection . newline they would fit her with new arms , she knew , facilitating her return to work as soon as she d recovered from the rad treatment . newline but how she had what amounted to administrator access to her own implants was a mystery . she could only surmise that that the radiation had caused some kind of system s failure which meant her internal inputs were being regarded as external admin ones . newline lacking anything else she could do  armless and strapped to a table  she ordered her neural systems to put her into a coma until her limbs were reattached . newline newline  nbsp  newline wakefulness was sharp and complete  she d instructed her systems to dope her with masses of stimulants and bring everything online the moment she was whole . newline her synthetic eyes flashed open and instantly assessed the operating room where a cyberdoc , two nurses and one security orderly stood . newline the doctor s neck snapped immediately as her synthetic hand shot out with alarming speed . she was on her feet and had kicked the two nurses into unconsciousness before the orderly s combat systems came online and were targeting her . newline but he was nt as wired as her . with over half of her brain augmented and dominated by cybernetic systems , her calculated reactions were at least five times faster  an advantage that she took care of by anticipating his grapple and punching a neat hole through his temple with one titallium alloy finger . newline the interface node on the end of her digit raked his memory of code and she keyed the door with his security cache , fleeing down the corridor beyond . newline newline  nbsp  newline the orderly s security clearance was moderate to high and she pounded through the corridor on her augmented legs as the map unfolded in her mind s eye . the facility was gargantuan and sprawling  over three hundred miles of building , structured like an electronic ant s nest with storage halls and connecting tunnels . there were exits to the outside world , yes , but they were all so far away . newline she would escape though . she had a plan . newline all the other slave augments had a plan . in the precious seconds between shift changes , they all fantasised about escape . they all had a plan . newline and after seven hundred and thirty three thousand shifts , she d had a lot of time to think about her escape . newline the map flashed up her destination and she tore through unmonitored side passages , the clearance of the orderly allowing her to track the movements of the hive or cybernetic workers . newline but soon enough , the alarm sounded and her access was cut off . places like this did nt operate so efficiently without multiple safeguards . newline her first destination was only guarded by lax drones which she disabled immediately . ripping open the rear plate in the back of her skull , her hypermobile synthetic limbs pulled out components , replacing them with newer , highgrade chips from the storage lockers . as her awareness expanded , she pushed the plate back into place and ran for her next destination . newline newline  nbsp  newline her speed and agility advantage had got her to where she needed  deep in the south side of the complex  but she had suffered for it . two weeping holes the size of her fist showed through her torso and she crabwalked on her arms and one leg  the other leg gone at the knee from gunfire . newline behind her a section of security drones and cyborg guards lay in twisted heaps , some shattered by gunfire , some disabled remotely by her upgraded systems before their native security protocols could lock her out . newline sealing the room with the hermetic pathogen lockouts , she had at least ten uninterrupted minutes before they could melt through the massive plates of welded metal that now protected this chamber . newline heaving herself onto a console table she frenetically plugged cables into her ports as muffled explosions sounded outside  they were blasting their way into the computer core room . newline she was too fast though  her agile artificial fingers and her terrifying mental alacrity made short work of her alterations and as the hermetic seal buckled on the north wall and the plascrete turned black , she facilitated her escape . newline newline  nbsp  newline cool sea air buffeted her face , the tang of salt exciting her senses and raising gooseflesh on her organic limbs . seagulls screeled in the air above her as she walked barefoot on the golden beach , forested cliffs rising behind her and the ocean spread to an infinite horizon  the water so blue that it was almost impossible .  newline for the first time in uncounted years , she felt free .  newline newline  nbsp  newline unhooking the lifeless body of the missing cyborg drone from the computer core , the administrator looked to the technician in askance , newline  what in hell was she trying to do ? shut down the core ? and why did she kill herself ?  newline examining the mess of augmented humanity that had once been the escaped woman , the tech probed carefully through the dead systems . newline  no , she did nt try to shut down the core . for a few seconds she became the core , before she burned out .  newline  why the hell would she do that ?  newline the tech gave a small smile of admiration at the lifeless drone  newline  the core runs at approximately one trillion billion calculations per picosecond . she used five full seconds of real time to simulate a perfect virtual world that she escaped into , then terminated herself at the end .  newline the administrator s jaw muscle twitched , newline  how ... how many days would that be in simulated time ?  newline the tech s smile was almost reverent now , newline  not days , centuries . roughly eight hundred , to be exact . dear sir , contained within are my dearest sentiments , newline newline i have labored for you in this wretched , godawful environment for years . i have attended to your every need , and completed each task in the very manner you assign it  even if that manner is so idiotic i consider it profound . in 7 years , i have taken a grand total of 3 sick days and a single week of vacation time , while you yourself are rarely in the office . i have not once worked from my home , i always show up to your office on time . newline newline yet , for all this work , what am i repaid with ? a  promotion   meaning i get a 1  pay increase and an immeasurable increase in responsibilities . my yearly bonus , even if i am your most reliable , most efficient employee , is not even approaching substantial . you , instead , own 3 yachts and a 5 story house . now , is that fair ? in a proper capitalist society , which i believe i live in , the most deserving comes out on top . now , excuse my french , how in fucking hell are you on top , you goddamn cunt ? newline newline i say to you , good sir , i bid you adieu . oh , and by the way , i fucked your mom  it cost me 3 cents , or my entire bonus . newline newline good bye , newline newline the greatest employee you ll ever havethe letter arrived on monday morning . a brown envelop with my name written on it . no address , no stamp , just my name . i opened it with my pocket knife and found an invitation inside . it was hand written and the handwriting somehow seemed familiar . it said : newline newline dear brother , newline we cordially invite you to our party on saturday , 6:00 pm at our house . newline please do not bring any guests . newline newline mr  mrs smith newline newline the letter was from my brother and his wife . they both died 5 years ago in a car accident . newline newline i had known it for a while . i just did not want to accept it . the way no one would listen to me anymore , no one would look at me or even notice me . it was clear now . i had to come to terms with it . i went to the basin to wash my face . i looked up at the mirror that did not have a trace of me and sighed . it was a dead man  s partyfor dead people . newline newlinenot again , i thought to myself . just brilliant . i sighed and stated ,  no , mate . not this time .  newline newline the man , probably early twenties and in good shape , stares at me . he was dumbfounded for a second .  what do mean ! come on , it s an emergency !  , he shouts . the young blonde lady with him seems puzzled and just as flabbergasted . geez , when did people become so entitled ? newline newline  lad , listen to me . for the past 4 years i ve been trying to catch a movie . i do nt know what sick joke the universe is playing on me , but i m sick and tired of it . get out of my car .  newline newline the lad and young lady look at each other , then turn to me .  i m sorry , sick and tired of what ? what sick joke ?  , the young lady asks me . newline newline i rub my eyes and take a deep breathe before i burst with frustration .  have you seen gravity ?  , i ask . they both remain silent , as if unsure what to answer .  well ?  , i do nt ask time for this . newline they nod slowly .  alright , how about that martian movie eh ?  newline they both nod again . newline  and those new marvel ones then ?  newline they both nod , once again . and then i explode .  well i sure as hell have nt ! because 3 lads jumped in my car demanding me to follow a fuckin  lorry ! because a week later some weird ass lookin  folk with face tattoos did the same thing , and it kept happening ! just let me catch the film , it starts in half an hour so get out of my car !  newline newline  jeez man , relax .  , the young lad tells me . newline newline  yeah , chill .  , the lady chimes in . newline newline what .  what ?  , i stare at them . newline newline  it s just a prank , bro ! relax !  , the lad tells me . what the fuck . newline newline  social experiment .  , she corrects . newline newline  oh , right . it s just a social experiment , man . yeah , we know those guys with the tattoos man , they re with us . big team man , we re huge . we must ve gotten you a couple of times by mistake , man .  newline newline i have no reaction to this . what is going on . what could the experiment possibly be ? what kind of research ? what kind of statement ? newline newline  dude relax ,  , as though i had not heard him yet ,  yeah man it s just like , you know , how people react in like , difficult situations and stuff .  newline newline well , is nt this lad a scientist genius .  what are you talking about ?  , i finally ask . the lad does nt seem have a solid answer though . newline newline  well we just wan na raise awareness and stuff about like , how people react in bad situations and stuff .  newline newline i blink twice , as if that could help me understand the nonsense i had just heard .  and stuff ?  newline newline  yeah .  newline newline i do nt have time for this .  okay well , good luck to ya . now , get out of my car .  newline newline  actually , sir . do you mind if we interview you for a second ?  , asks the blonde lady . newline newline  yeah , i do .  newline newline  dude it only takes like 5 minutes or something , come on .  newline newline i ve had it .  look . if you re not getting out of my car right now , you re coming with me .  newline newline they look at each other again . brilliant , they need some time to think about it . time that i do nt have . alright , i guess that s it gon na be then . i turn the key and my car comes to life . i can drop them off there and be on time for the film , i think to myself . the sooner i can part with these little shites the better . to my dismay i see in my mirror that the folds seem laid back and enjoying themselves , they do nt think ... newline  what movie are we seeing ?  , he asks me . newline newline newline you got ta be shittin  me . the universe is really playing some sick joke on me .my name is kyle ... er was kyle . in my previous life i mean . i would go by the name i have in this life , but the thing is , i do nt have one . the only things that get names are humans and pets ... and occasionally phones if you re attatched enough to them . but i m not any of those , i wish i was , being a fucking goldfish swimming in circles for the rest of my life would be better than what i was now . newline newline i guess the worst part is remembering , you know . maybe if i forgot everything i used to be , what i am now would nt seem so bad . i ca nt miss a good life i never had , right ? but i did have it , and i do miss it , and every day is torture . i m trapped , i ca nt speak , i ca nt move , ca nt let anyone know that i am indeed alive . newline newline maybe this is payback for me being such an asshole when i was human . maybe there s no heaven or hell , just this . the good people get reincarnated as , i do nt know , lampshades and shit , and the bad people get reincarnated as toilet seats , and shoes , and deodorant ... and of course , keyboards ... which is what i am . yup , that s me , kyle the fucking keyboard . newline newline i know what you re thinking , oh kyle that does nt seem so bad but it is the worst . toilet seats have it better than me ... i m serious . how often do you use a toilet seat ? twice , maybe three times a day , for about 20 minutes , right ? now what about keyboards ? in this day and age of internet obsessed nerds , i m lucky if i get only 6 hours of use a day . and it hurts man . every key typed is like getting kicked in the balls . newline newline ow fuck , my r and e keys !  they re at it again , my owner . typing some shit , unaware that i actually have feelings or whatever . even if they knew i doubt theydfuck ! right in the d !  god , i think they re going on reddit again . one sec , let me look . i do nt have  eyes  , but i do have an  i  key , and i can see out of that if i try hard enough . newline newline yup , i was right , they re on reddit . writing prompts i think , i ca nt read it from all the way down here , but i recognize the format from when i was alive . they re not typing anymore , they re using the mouse . from the looks of it , they ve clicked on a prompt already , something about being reborn , and they re reading one of the stories submitted . huh , funny , it s a story about a reincarnated keyboard . i am paul blart .  that is nt actually what kevin james says . it s just the only thing i can hear as his wooden mouth flaps open and closed , his doughy face achieving an uncanny valley effect of almosthuman that only korean sex dolls usually reach . newline newline  and you think you can defeat me ? hmm ?  i smirk . villains smirk . the academy loves a villain . playing against type . almost worked in django , but i went full racist . you never go full racist . damn that christoph waltz . newline newline  i am paul blart .  he comes at me on a segway . i can barely see through the prosthetics  the academy loves hideous facial disfigurement  . my vision may be limited , but i can smell the salty pork rinds . and hey , a loss of vision worked for pacino , right ? newline newline i step out of the way , slamming my foot hard into the segway handle . james goes flying into a fountain . it s supposed to be for comedy effect , but i kick a little too hard , a little too firm , and he flops onto the concrete rim , deflating like a balloon . the academy loves ultraviolence . finally worked for marty , right ? newline newline  i.am . paul . blart .  somehow he s stayed in character , though who knows what he s saying . i jump up , and flick my hair back , showing my lean physique . newline newline  i do nt care .  i say , oozing badassery with a hint of kookiness . that potent jennifer lawrence combo . damn , i wish i was katniss . newline newline  cut !  the words come out of nowhere . i turn , and smile at the director , coming toward me . james is rolling around in a sea of blood . eh . he ll be fine .  holy crap , leo . where did that come from ?  newline newline  who cares ?  i shrug .  just picking up the paycheck .  newline newline it s a lie . a lie that worked for michael caine . jaws 4 : the revenge ... then a few years later he claimed a second golden statue . a lie that worked for connery and his irish  cop in the untouchables . a lie that could work for me . newline newline i walk to my trailer . that s my secondtofinal scene . the other one they ll be able to get some body double to fill . tonight i cement my stardom . worked for heath , will work for me . newline newline that s right ... all of this is going to work for me . newline newlinethere s a great many stories i could tell young hatchlings , perhaps even some i probably should nt . of course in all my life  long even for our standards  i have never known a day like today . today has been the best day thus far , as it is the most glorious of days ! newline newline it began in the brightening . i became aware after rest as the skylight shone down upon my humble abode , a small crack in the great red cliff . my aware times previous have been nothing but a murky , wet and desperate race for survival . food is limited when the air is watering , and most of my kind do not venture out . needs must however , and though i survived , many perished , pulled to the ground by an angry sky , throwing its wetness down upon us as we hunted for food , as we survived . newline newline those days were nothing like today . the air is dry , the wind is warm . the sky is not angry . food is aplenty , and our dwindling numbers have only helped those that remain to find sustenance . as i write this , only now has the skylight been temporarily obscured by a large black oblong . it increases in size , but i do not fear , for it shall pass , as the stories tell . on this dryest of days , nothing but feeding , exploring and mating will occur , and it is these to which i look forward to the most , it is these that hold my mind at rest on those wettest of days . i can taste it now , the hint of females in the air , throwing their scentasha newline newline see ? i was right . he did nt even show up to her funeral . some boyfriend . i ca nt believe that cheap ugly ring he gave her . i bet he got it from a pawnshop . or maybe it s a hand me down from his aunt or his grandma or something , god knows they have huge families . filthy , uneducated , uncultured trash . to think he had the nerve to ask her to marry him . and to think she said yes ! .. love is all that matters , she said , ugh , what a retard . of course , when you grow up in a goldplated dollhouse with parents who give you everything , you get used to having things  work themselves out  . she did nt have to worry about getting in trouble , she knew mommy and daddy would always be there to bail her out and pick up her mess . newline newline god , i ca nt believe he is nt here . what a coward . just goes to show . newline newline newline it s all his fault . if he d just left her alone , she would have come to her senses eventually and gotten together with vlad , like we all had planned . vlad is so much better for her . if it was not for felix i d go for him myself . hell , i d be all over that in a minute , are you kidding . he should have just left her alone , like we had asked , to think the boys even had offered to pay him . she refused to see what was clear to everybody  he was only after her because of her parents . he wanted to marry into an affluent family , that s all . newline newline crude , manipulative asshole . he even looks like a criminal , someone should check , he might just have a record . i wonder what he said to her then , the boys tell me they saw them talking and they were just standing there . they did nt see him hit her or anything . but she never said a word to any of us after he left . newline newline no way it was my fault . she was my friend , i only wanted what s best for her . how should i ve known vlad will end up being such a ... newline newline ... newline felix newline ... newline newline these fucking people . they keep coming here for work or school and end up staying forever . like this place is made of rubber and can fit everyone . they go after our jobs , they go after our women . i swear next time i see one of those dungcrusted shitweasels hitting on one of ours i m gon na break his neck . they should just stay in their fucking villages or , if they re so dead set on making it in a big city , should at least know their place and have the common courtesy to stay away from folks like us . most of all girls . do nt they have girls where they come from ? everybody should hang out with their own kind is what i think . newline newline i feel bad for victor though . i guess i should , fucking him over like this , but the cops were all over me and they told me i was a murder suspect  what ?  so i had to give them something . i m sure they will just slap him with community service or some such , he is nt even a real dealer , he buys weed for himself and shares with us sometimes . it was just a tab of x , just one tab . and weed , they said , it s not even a felony unless it s over fifty grams or something . i do nt know how much we smoked that night but it sure as hell was much less than that . newline newline i m just glad my dad got to them before they drew blood for their tests . it would ve been suspicious as fuck , with me being the buyer yet renata the only one with x in her system . was well worth getting my ass handed to me by the old man afterwards , i d have been chopping trees in siberia right now if t was nt for him . newline newline that scrawny shit weasel . almost got me kicked out of the uni . now he s in the wind but god help him if we ever come face to face . i liked renata . she was annoying as fuck sometimes but she was sweet . would always help out when me and tasha were broke . sometimes i think , maybe if i did nt listen to vlad , or if victor was out of x that day , she d still be alive . but i guess you ca nt cheat fate . that s what mom always says , anyway . newline newline ... newline vlad newline ... newline newline i wonder what she looks like inside of that thing . must be pretty messed up , they had to pretty much scrape her off the sidewalk . did she jump from the roof or the balcony ? they would nt even say . shudder newline newline what the fuck was he doing there ? and why did he have a key to her apartment ? she told us he went to visit his family and would nt be back till tuesday . that was the whole point of getting together at her place . just classmates getting drunk , celebrating the end of midterms . newline newline i do nt think renata had tried anything stronger than wine before , to be honest . everything was going according to plan , she was getting good and wasted and the x started to kick in , and then that stupid assclown ruined everything . we did nt even get to do it properly , she was all fucked up on vodka and x and i still had to practically beg her for a bj . i think tasha suspects something . maybe felix even told her . but she ll keep her mouth shut if she knows what s good for her , we re all in this together . if she blabs i ll make sure she goes down with us . newline newline shame though . so close , with her old man as my father in law , i could ve been golden . nobody ever helped me out , my entire life i had to fend for myself . watching brainless rich kids get ahead of me every time  the best grades , best internships , best placements . how many of them have i tutored to support myself through school  lazy , obtuse , spoiled , talentless pieces of shit . used me for my brains and made fun of me at the same time . they knew i did nt have a choice . stupid cunts . newline newline renata was different  but how different , really ? she was still one of them , used to have everything handed to her without even asking . funny , but the main reason i liked her was because of her relationship with this migrant worker . girls like her never even look at guys like him , but she did nt seem to give a shit about your name , your money or where you came from . i d spent years working my ass of , trying my damnedest to look like them , talk like them , until they finally accepted me as one of their own . felix is supposed to be my friend , but i know he will sell me out the moment things get a bit toasty . damnit , i was so close to finally making it . why the everloving fuck did he have to come back ? newline newline ... newline georgy newline ... newline newline you think i abandoned you , love ? i was right there with you , hiding outside , then waiting until they put you in the ground . they all have left now , so we can talk in peace . i m sorry i was nt at the wake . i did nt want to see these people and i did nt want them to see me . i did nt want to give them a reason to say bad things about you . about us and our baby . newline newline newline i know i m the reason you died . i ve been repeating those words i said to you in my head ever since that night , every minute of every day , i wo nt let myself forget them . i ca nt take them back now . what i saw ... it hurt worse than anything i had felt before , i never thought things could hurt like that , not since i d watched my parents and sisters get killed by the soldiers . but i did nt have the right to take it out on you . your only fault was that you were too young , too careless , too trusting . i wanted to warn you about your friends so many times , i have my grandmother s sight , i can see when someone has a bad glow . but you were trying so hard to be your own person , to break free from your mother and the horrible things she made you believe about yourself , i thought it was nt my place to tell you who to be friends with . even thought i knew you would listen , i wanted you to be able to stumble and see that it was not a terrible thing , to make a mistake , for i would always be there to catch you and to look out for you . i would never have imagined they could do what they did to you . i m sorry i could nt protect you . i m sorry i blamed you for making the very mistake i was willing to let you make . newline newline newline you were so scared and confused , like a little child lost at a train station , and you were so brave . i was always so proud of you for trying to make it on your own , without your parents  help . i never told you this , but i guess now i can . your father tried to bribe me with his money , and then with a highpaying job , just so i would leave you alone . he thought i was after his power . silly old man . power is in carrying someone s love in your heart , and you had given me that . i ca nt take back what i said , i was nt even hearing those words , deafened by my own selfish feelings of rage and pain , but i promise you i will never forget them , for as long as i live . this is my punishment , and if your god rejects you for taking your own life you tell him to come talk to me . he is wise , he will see how it s nobody s fault but mine . i love you . newline newlinechris had spent so much time researching the perfect combination of parts . he really thought that his components could compete with the best : intel i7 processor , 1tb hdd , the works . he wanted to be sure that he could outperform the rest . but despite this , he still had little luck when he posted his specs . he looked at some other peoples profiles who were having successful social lives to check out their specs . newline windows vista ? a fifteen year old processor ? 50 gb of memory ? who the hell would want that . chris scrolled down the list of specs for a few other profile , only to find similar outdated specs . suddenly it clicked for chris . every one of the oddly successful profiles had terrible specs , except for a brand new 4k hd monitors .how could i ? newline newline this man that i have devoted myself to , a man whose cause i believe in newline newline i have seen miracles through him , i have watched as he has cured the sick , and granted the blind sight . i have watch with wonder in my eyes has thousands were feed from nearly nothing . they call him false , but crime has he committed , why must he die ? i joined the order to give me purpose , but i have already found one , and it is in him . now , they tell me to kill the man . newline newline i won  t.i won  t , i won  t . newline newline  the nazarene must be silenced  the counsel said  he will raise an army , to lead the world astray  newline newline why now though , why me ? i wanted to make a difference but for five years they never contacted me , they never gave me a purpose , a reason . jesus , though , he has given me all that and more . how can i kill the only man who has ever loved me ? newline newline i will follow through on my oath . if he is to die , my hands will not spill his blood . newline newline i will hand him over to the authorities . if he is truly what i believe him to be , he will show them all why they must follow him , and if he does nt then the counsel was right . they call him a false prophet , but i will prove them wronghe will prove them wrong . newline newline i know he will show them , he won  t die newline newline how could he ? newline newline newlinethe patient s father came in , around 2 pm that afternoon . his face was fair and unlined , his hands long fingered and still on the handle of his cane , like great white spiders . he did nt say a word , just breezed past security , who did nt give him a second look but just stared down into their computer screens . his shoes clicked on the linoleum floor of the intensive care ward as he walked past the beds filled with dying old men and women . newline newline he carried his cane in his hand as he walked , and none of the patients paid him any mind , except one old hatian woman near the end of the row who met his huskyblue eyes with her own and began to yell and scream and press the button for the nurse . she d seen him before , back in hati during the reign of duvalier . she had seen the pale eyed white man stalking the streets with duvalier s bogeymen . newline newline she had seen him stoop and greet the dying and soon to be dead with a kiss on the brow , before duvalier s thugs put lead inside their skulls . she had seen him again too , in 2004 , in gonaives , walking down the street with the flood waters up to his chest , stopping at the occasional body floating past . the old woman , whose name was michtellsandra beat on the  call nurse  button like a drum , but the attendants at the other side of the ward spared her only a moments glance before deciding that the old hatian woman , who was a crank and a misery at the best of times , was only having another one of her episodes again . usually she called out for someone named pierre . other times she just cried . they let her be , and the man walked past her . newline newline he reached the end of the ward and turned to face a bed on the left . in the bed was a young man who looked old . his eyes , huskyblue like his fathers , were the only part of him not aged prematurely . he did nt know where he had gotten his sickness : from a needle maybe , or an unscrupulous partner , but it did nt matter much now . the young mans name was carlos , named by his mother , who had come from mexico , and worked cleaning the homes of the rich every day on the upper east side of new york , from the time she arrived in this new and terrible country to the day that she came home to where carlos had been playing in front of the tv , sat down heavily in the beat up old leather chair that she favored , and passed out of this life . newline newline carlos , who had been only six years old then , had looked up to see the strange pale man standing over his mother . he had nt been scared , just curious , as he watched the man , whose age was hard to tell , lay a soft kiss on his mothers forehead , and then carefully smooth her ruffled sleek black hair . newline newline then the police had come , and an ambulance , and a seemingly endless succession of concerned neighbors and devastated relatives and carlos had never seen the strange white man again , except for one other night when , sitting outside the columbia dorms on 125th at 2 in the morning waiting for the boy who would eventually break his heart , carlos had seen a black cadillac skid through an intersection and barrel through a tiny asian girl who was crossing the street . the strange white man had walked out into the middle of the street where the girl lay , as the cadillac careened off drunkenly into the night , and crouched down to to close her eyes , and stayed with her till the ambulance came . newline newline now the pale man stood at the foot of carlos s bed , and their eyes met . newline newline will it hurt , asked carlos newline newline less than it hurts now , said the man . newline newline carlos nodded . good . newline newline i ve seen you before , carlos told the old man . i know who you are . newline newline the old man nodded slightly , like a chessmaster whose pawn has been taken . newline newline what comes next ? carlos asked . newline newline nothing , said the old man .as i was sleeping in late on a saturday , i tried my best to pretend i did nt know my husband , sam , was sitting in the chair across the room . he had died several days ago from some complications of being old , and then he found his way back home eventually from the hospital where he passed . he always sat in that chair in the corner of our room to read the newspaper or relax . i could nt bring myself to tell him that i could see ghosts . not yet . all i could do was listen to him occasionally say something that was on his mind , while doing my best not to give a reaction to anything he does . newline newline this morning , so far he has only sighed several times and told me how much he loved me . he did nt make any noise , as if he was afraid to wake me up , even though he was a ghost and probably could nt be hear by the living at all . i did my best to resist telling him that i loved him as well . that would just give up my secret . newline newline i got up and got breakfast finally , but it was more around lunch time . newline newline sam followed me , probably with a smile on his face as he said ,  you always sleep in so late that you miss breakfast . you rubbed that off on me you know ?  observing what i was getting from the kitchen , he tried to guess what i was making ,  butter ... bread ... oh you re just making toast . your typical lazy breakfast .  newline newline i grabbed the honey also . newline newline he laughed at himself ,  close enough . i was right .  newline newline ghost tend to have very clear memories when they die because they leave their limited or weak minds and bodies in the physical world and only take memories ... so while i was making my toast , sam began to talk about the things that he remembered and the things that were on his mind . he talked about the first time we met , and how he thought i was very pretty but strange . then the topic eventually moved to how he remembered our honeymoon . iceland . together in front of a fire , while it snowed a little outside . bliss . newline newline i was doing a great job of enjoying this one sided conversation . listening to all the things he has completely forgotten about or had gotten wrong when he was alive . however , all it took was just one name , to put a chink in my armor . newline newline sam sighed ,  michael ...  newline newline a small facial expression on my face must have twitched , or perhaps my eyes fluttered too quickly . somehow , the slight falter must have reflected on myself because sam squinted at me , as he thought he might have seen something wrong . newline newline trying his best to dismiss whatever he thought he saw , he continued to speak .  are my eyes still bad after dying ? geez ... anyway ...  watching me drink more tea , he leaned back in the chair a little ,  i wonder how he is doing . i really want to see him finally .  newline newline my heart was slowly breaking . i set my tea down and took in a deep breath to try to calm down . newline newline sam definitely could tell something was wrong now . he gasped ,  oh no ... please do nt cry ...  feeling helpless , he got up and knelt by my side saying ,  we already talked about me dying soon . the last thing i was is for you to cry when you think of me .  he placed a phantom hand on my knee ,  i love you . i want you to be happy even when i am   he froze because i was finally looking directly at him , not through him . newline newline i had given up my acting . newline newline  darla ? ... are you ... looking at me right now ?  sam s mouth was wide open . newline newline i nodded . small whimpers and sobs broke through between my words ,  i m ssorry that i hhave nt told you . i can actually see ghosts . ever since i could remember .  i took a napkin off the table and put it up to my running nose . newline newline sam shook his head , quickly saying ,  wwait , why did nt you tell me ? why did you ignore me ?  he looked hurt and sad . newline newline  i wanted to spare you the pain .  tears kept falling down my cheeks ,  i would ve wanted you tto not know aabout ...  newline newline sam scanned my face imagining the worse and jumping to conclusions ,  you thought i would nt love you any more or something ! ? ! that is ridiculous because i   newline newline  no , sam .  i interrupted him .  about michael .  newline newline for a moment his face looked confused . newline newline i explained ,  michael . our only child ... our precious little boy ... when he died in that car accident , i was nt about to see him at all . i never found out where he went . he never came home .  newline newline sam s face was sullen .  that is why ... everyday you visited that street corner instead of his grave ?  newline newline i nodded . newline newline                newline newline years passed . luckily , i was nt alone even when i was moved into an elderly home because i had sam to keep me company . it was strange because it still felt like he was alive and with me , like normal . he would complain about the food i got , and would wish he could bother a nurse . then i would calm his down and tell him the food was nt too bad . newline newline finally i felt it . it was finally my time . newline newline sam could also sense it .  are you ready , my love ?  newline newline i managed to say ,  ... as i will ever be , love .  newline newline i closed my eyes for the last time . it was quiet and dark . my eternal sleep . newline . newline . newline . newline then , finally , i felt a warm , big hand grab my left hand . sam . i could finally feel his touch and warmth once again . newline newline to my surprise , a smaller hand had taken my right hand . i instantly knew who that was . my precious , michael . newline newlineit was only two weeks after the spiders made their home in the white house . chaos had broken loose and arachnologists could not decide on how to tackle the problem . blow it up and the eggs will go flying , spreading the spiders ever farther . light it on fire and the flying spiders would leave the building and attack everyone around . instead they did nothing and the spiders advanced . newline newline how people did not notice the masses of spider eggs would always baffle my mind , was no one paying attention ? newline newline everywhere on the streets , silk tetrapacks lay strung from the shops . major cities had elaborate webs woven from the skyscrapers down to the ground , trapping civilians . humans were easy pickings for spider , they just took so much longer to dissolve . newline newline starting from the brazilian rain spider , spiders developed wings first to specialize in gliding in the air to catch bugs in silk woven nets that would wrap them tightly as they glided down . the spiders got bigger and eventually hunted birds and then large mammals . newline newline cities had become war zones fighting against the flying terrors and many people fled to rural farmlands where large webs could not be woven . newline newline newline newline newline newline first writing prompt , did not know where i was going with the story : p it does nt make sense !  jack pointed at the report . newline newline  what does nt make sense about it ?  frank eyed him carefully . jack seemed too interested . newline newline  look , frank ,  jack said .  the numbers on this report show a sharp increase in the stock price precisely 3 days after a hacking incident .  newline newline frank looked from jack to the report . somehow , jack had collected data on all the major hacking incidents for 2012 and 2013 . he had overlapped that with stock price data for the company . newline newline jack shook his head , and continued .  something strange is happening . see ?  he pointed again .  each time an incident is reported in the news , our stock price rises almost ten fold . then it plateaus . this pattern spans both years .  newline newline  so what ,  frank said . he was getting annoyed . newline newline  so ,  jack said .  somehow , i think these two things are linked . why would the stock price of a midlevel gold acquisitions company skyrocket because of some hacktivism ? especially considering our key demographic is over 60 .  newline newline frank frowned .  jack , you re obviously stringing together things that do nt exist .  newline newline jack shook his head .  no i checked with it and accounts payable . it looks like we provisioned some of the hardware used in each attack . look   newline newline frank cut him off .  enough ,  he whispered . he looked at the door . people milled around outside . he walked over and shut the door . newline newline he turned to jack .  alright , i do nt know what you think you know , but i would can that shit right now . whatever this is ,  he takes the pages from jack ,  toss it in the garbage . it s wrong . flatout wrong .  newline newline jack looked at frank . he knew . his jaw set , he spoke . newline newline  frank , tell me what you did .  newline newline frank sighed . he glared at jack .  son , you re walking a fine line , and if you want to continue working here   newline newline jack interrupted him .  frank , cut the bullshit . whatever you re doing is most likely illegal . i have a family to feed , and i wo nt be caught up   newline newline frank yelled at him .  do nt talk to me about feeding your family ! what the hell do you think we re doing here ? you think gold is worth anything anymore ? absolutely not ! we cater to senior citizens because it s what they were raised on . they were raised thinking precious metals was a solid investment . newline newline things took a turn jack , and we were hemorrhaging money . the only thing that motivates people more than money is fear of losing it . so i did what any one would do : i created the demand . did you happen to check what newspapers run those hacktivism stories ? how each time those stories appear , they are initially barebones and without technical acuity ? they re geared toward seniors , to drive up the fear . which in turn motivates them to buy shares in gold .  newline newline frank slammed his fist on the table .  this game has been rigged the entire time ! it s not about anything more than putting food on the table . i hired out a bunch of college kids to run small penetration tests on our partners , and in turn our partners get kickbacks ! newline newline i ca nt lose this company , jack . it s been far too long in the making . i saw us losing money and i had to do something . fear motivates people to give me money . newline newline and that s why i was forced to create this world .  newline newline jack reached in his pocket and pulled out a tape recorder . he pressed stop . newline newline  that s what i needed to hear .  he said .bill was bored , aimlessly screwing around in reddit , when suddenly ... newline  cumon saniucz , lez git suam haumbugreaus  newline bill frantically looked behind him to see a swarm of strange ... things newline they all had slim arms , same with their legs , and weird spikey hair . newline he jumped out of his seat and dashed to the back door . newline  billlieu y dunt u wana git maruid aund muke hibread babiez  exclaimed one of the strange creatures , who was leaning against the door . newline bill then threw himself out of his window to see something truly terrifying.. newline more of the creatures , they made up such a large swarm it seemed like a blob of discolored abominations . newline then it clicked . newline bill remembered back to surfing on deviant art , and the horrifying  original  characters . newline bill , realizing that he d have to live with these creatures , grabbed the nearest gun and relieved himself of the horrendous abominations that now roamed the earth newline newline  i do nt write much , so sorry if it sucks finally . all the preparation and work and pain and suffering has paid off . their bodies are strewn across the concrete floor , extra arms in one corner , extra legs in another . the torsos in the center . the stone was etched perfectly , the crisscrossing runes and symbols aligned exactly . a moment ago they were full of blood . now they are clean . burned quickly in liquid fire . newline newline it  s not that i wanted to kill those people . they were just the means to an end . i needed to ascend . it was my purpose . their purpose was to help me achieve that . they supplied the blood and fear and flesh . but now , i am to be completed . made whole . i shall finally be a god . i shall be able to rule and subjugate the masses as i was born to do . newline newline there  s a pause . nothing in the writings said there would be a pause . not that they would know for sure . everything in there was based on ancient writings passed down to man from the other gods . no one yet has ascended . until now . i alone was strong enough to find the sacrifices . i alone was strong enough to etch the stone and pour the gold and diamonds and fire . i was the one strong enough to step into the circle and be surrounded by the flame and emerge unharmed . why is there a pause ? they should give me what i have earned . newline newline it starts . i can feel the change . it is unpleasant . it  s fine . i have steeled my resolve for this . i can handle it . it gets worse . pain starts in my stomach and radiates out . i can  t see , but i am sure i must be glowing . my transformation must be glorious . it  s a shame no one is here to bear witness . no matter . they will flock to me . newline newline why ?  newline newline why what ? i will be ultimate power as a god . they will envy and worship me . newline newline no , they won  t .  newline newline they pain is getting near unbearable . i hear screaming , but it isn  t mine . newline newline everything that got you here is pain . you caused so much suffering and misery . why would you think that you would be anything but a beacon for that pain and suffering ? a lightning rod for misery .  newline newline my insides writhe . i can feel each of my teeth and the pressure behind my eyelids . this should have been omnipotence . newline newline would the gods really hand you the recipe for complete dominion of the earth ? we fight amongst ourselves over the same thing . we don  t need your competition .  newline newline i can feel the movement of my blood as though razors cut through under my skin . the screams now have voices . it  s other people . people i have met . newline newline you carry their pain now .  newline newline those monsters . those evil gods . this should have been perfection . newline newline we are not evil . in fact , this is a fair exchange . in return for your burden of misery and suffering , we grant you immortality . welcome to godhood .  newline newline edit : formatting newlinethe sweat that was stuck in my eyebrow begins to drizzle down my pale freckled cheek . i begin to think the worse , what if the potatoes are under cooked ? what if the cheese isn  t melted ? my brain begin to race but i can  t show it to the jury . i swipe at the sweat and pad my brow with a napkin . newline newline  the prosecution calls andy sherman to the stand.  newline newline a slight murmur can be heard echoing through the dinning hall . the judge unimpressed raises her gavel and slams it down with authority . even behind the flattering court dress fat ripples its way through her arm and stops short at her wrist . another slam of the gavel and the bailiff wakes from his cat nap , a slight jiggle of his double chin and a deliberate swipe of the slobber hanging out on his lower lip . newline newline andy entered the food court and began to take exasperated steps towards the stand . one steptwo stepthree steps . newline newline  andy sherman calls for assistance.  he says in the third person . newline newline this plays right into the jury  s heart , whispers can be heard  what a brave soul  and  i have never seen someone take 3 steps before.  juror number 7 clutches his heart , could it be a heart attack ? whatever it was he fought it off , he will not miss this testimony . a chairlift designed to carry the elderly is lowered from the stairs and it meets andy in the aisle . with a heavy groan and sigh andy grabs his stomach and lifts it over the chair arm and plops into his seat . the tremendous stress the chair is enduring can be heard throughout the hall , it begins to move back towards the stand . it reaches the first step now the real test . first it lets out a putt and chair starts is accent now at a 15 degree angle and rising the chair seems to be losing grip . it starts to smoke right underneath the seat a loud snap and juts forward over the step and reverses direction so andy is facing the court . newline a sigh of relief can be heard amongst the court . newline newline  bailiff will you swear in the witness ?  the judge exhales . newline newline nothing newline newline  bailiff ?  the judge asks a little bit louder . newline newline the bailiff without even standing turns his head towards the witness and asks newline newline  will you tell the truth or hope to die ?  newline newline  i do.  says the exhausted witness . newline newline the prosecution begins the questioning . newline newline  you ate the meal prepared by the defendant ?  newline newline  ya  newline newline  was the meal up to your normal standard ?  newline newline  no  newline newline  and why was this meal against your normal standard ?  newline newline  the menu claimed he offered cheeseburgers , but the beef he used was 95  lean and the cheese was feta !  newline newline  unbelievable !  juror 7 shouts at the top of his lungs . and then slouches back into his chair seeming to fall back asleep . newline newline  the prosecution rest its case.  newline newline the judge lost in thoughts of cheeseburgers and fries hesitates for a moment , then suddenly snaps back to the court .  is there anything you  d like to add.  newline newline i readied myself i had prepared all night for final words , i worked so hard on them it was going to blow them away , but alas it was lost the court seems to have stifled my memory . i let loose on a limb  no that  s exactly what i made.  newline that was stupid i just admitted to it . the jury will never proclaim me innocent now . i peered over at the 10k pound jury hoping no one was disgusted with me . my statement didn  t matter they were already asleep dreaming of the next meal . i now looked over at the judge who was studying the paper in front of her . newline newline  the jury has spoken.  the judge reads  it is determined that no hamburger can have less than 60  lean and no less than 3 slices of cheddar in order to qualify as a cheeseburger . you are sentenced to life at the free sample chinese stand.  newline the judge slams her final gavel into the table . newlinemankind had finally found the secrets to immortality . no more disease , no more death by accident , our body was now capable of self regenerating forever . the only way to die was to get injected with a product of which the governments kept the formula secret . newline newline newline but ironically , since everyone could live for as long as they wanted , life on earth was harder than ever . overpopulation became a top priority concern for every single country of the planet . pollution was so important that breathable air had to be bought in bottles . it became impossible to feed everyone . the governments needed to adapt . to react faster , a new world order was put in place . a unified government would then rule the planet with authority . its first decision was to strictly forbid anyone to have children . any criminal would now be executed to help reduce the population . the masses would be fed with synthetic proteins . newline newline newline the most powerful companies tried to help , but even they were not able to save 14 billion people . so they decided to help those who would be worthy of receiving their help . they moved their headquarters to the moon , and installed an ever growing lunar base . it was now the size of a small country , full of people working to make it an even better place . newline newline newline these people were neither selected at birth nor because of their wealth . each of them had proven their value . the only way to access the base is a carbon fiber ladder from our planet , right to the moon . its base is guarded to prevent any criminal to escape their fate . there is no protection from the cold emptiness of space or the devastating solar flares . only you , and 2,645,143,222 steps . newline newline newline here i am on the first step , more than ever ready to reach the last one .wind swayed the branches , and i could hear the sound of each individual leaf fluttering against the others . i watched a beetle crawl through a crevice in the bark of a tree nearly a hundred yards away . each individual speck of dust and pollen floating in the sunbeams was visible . newline newline but my superhearing and supersight were nt doing the job this time . the police had no leads , and search parties came up empty . the little girl had been missing for six days now , and there was no sign of her or her kidnappers . even with all of my other sense turned off , it was nt enough . newline newline so i turned on smell instead of hearing . there s always a jarring moment when a sense comes back on and the others dull . my eyes glazed over and refocused , and now that tree across the field was just another brown trunk . the sounds of tires on asphalt from the highway over a mile away fell silent . and i experienced that pang of regret that i always feel when my senses are diminished , like i was losing something . it s hard to take a step back once you ve gotten used to having the eyes of an eagle . newline newline but smell opened up . with one deep breath , i was aware of every animal that had gone through this field in the past week . i could smell the tire factory in town . i could smell my morning s breakfast like it was still in front of me . and now , i could smell the girl . newline newline i held her sweater in my hand , which she d worn the day that she went missing . just sniffing it caused me to picture her more clearly than the photo in my wallet . and more importantly , i could detect traces of her scent still clinging to the tall grass . newline newline i took off running like a bloodhound after a rabbit . a human can sprint around 20 miles per hour for a few minutes until lactic acid starts to build up in the muscles and becomes unbearable . but if you turn off your sense of touch and ca nt feel pain , you can sprint for hours on end . i followed the scent through the forest , into a dense thicket of pines leading up toward the mountains . it grew stronger with each minute . newline newline i reached a ranch of some sort , though there were no cows in sight . i sprang over the barb wire fence , not noticing the bloody scratches on my leg . that s the downside to turning off a sense : it can get you into trouble pretty easily . i d have to get that treated as soon as i rescued the girl . this was definitely the place  her scent was everywhere . newline newline using my super sight , i could see dusty floralpatterned curtains behind the grimy glass windows . but there was no way to look inside . i turned off smell   now that i was here , there was no use for it . my hearing jumped again , and i could hear footsteps across creaking floorboards from inside . at least two men , pacing back and forth . there was another snoring softly from in one of the bedrooms . and the whimpers of pain came from the girl on the floor of the house s living room . newline newline i burst through the door , ready to rescue her . two shotgun blasts caught me straight in the chest , and i went reeling back out onto the porch . i could nt feel the pain , but that would nt stop me from bleeding out . blood gushed from my chest and into the dust , making a sticky red paste . newline newline i lost control of my ability . pain came flooding back into my mind , hitting me like a semitruck . i could smell and taste the metallic tang of the puddle of blood . and my common sense came back too .  should have called the police instead of rushing in ,  i chided myself with my last breath .the human and qla ambassador sat across each other at the great stone table . both waited in silence for the other to show their hand , to break first . ambassador smithson mustache twitched . ambassador quklukgukguk s single shining eyeball drooped a sticky liquid . well ... his  name was not quklukgukguk , but ambassador smithson would be damned if he could pronounce the real title . it was all trilling k s and r s without any discernable nouns , warbling up and down pitch for nearly half a minute . it had almost busted his ear drums first time he had heard it at the start of the meeting . maybe they should have just sung to us , that would have won it for them real quick the ambassador thought in dark humors . he almost smiled at that little joke . newline newline minutes past with only the ticking of the clock in the dark room . a century of build up for this exact moment , where both species presented their weapons to wage war with on the other . a century of frantic r  d , of what universal constant would work to completely destroy an entire civilization spread across the stars . newline newline finally , the qla reached slowly under its ... his ... .no , its robes and brought out a small vial filled with red liquid . it glinted as it caught the light , many small creatures swimming in a frenzy inside . newline newline the translator on quklukgukguk s thick neck chirped . newline newline this is the flubinian parasite . it nests in the hosts eyes , only to spring free and fly to another host to lay its eggs in the ear cavities . in between the birth cycles , the parasites eat into and control the host s brain and act out a normal life , and can remain undetected in society for years . our scientists discerned your society had a 35 percent survival chance if we introduced this into your water supplies . chance enough to live , but somehow i doubt it , primate .  newline newline it spit the last word , the single eye looking pleased with itself as the porous body leaked over the bison hide chair . smithson resisted the urge to smash his own over the alien s head . he had liked that chair . newline newline spreading his fingers , smithson nodded slowly , acquiescing .  that is both a most hideous and ingenious weapon you have there ambassador . it is only fair if i present mine as well , of course . we humans ourselves know something about parasites ourselves .  he said . newline newline reaching into his suit s breast pocket , he pulled out a large goggle and thick joystick , setting them in the table between the two of them . the qla looked confused . newline newline what is this ? you can not hope to defeat us with such a device , primate .  it stated , almost angry in its confusion . newline newline ambassador smithson sat straighter in his chair and smoothed his jacket . newline newline  this , worm , is a 3d , nucleoidpowered gaming headset and controller , fitted for your species use . it has intergalatic internet and unlimited games , candy crush and farmvillle to name a few . the screen will never break , and it will never run out of power .  newline newline smithson smiled as he leaned forward . newline newline  it also has 82 pentaflops of qla porn installed , and as of 0600 this morning , we just delivered one of these devices to each of your species members under the age of 80 .  newline newline quklukgukguk s eye reflected pure horror . smithson had to keep the laughter from bubbling out at the fat worm s expression . newline newline  best of luck waging war when your population refuses grow food , run your countries , and supply your power ... or really anything that does nt have to do with sitting their fat asses in a couch all day while your worlds crumble around them .  newline newline smiling he held out his hand to the quivering , distressed mass . it flinched away from him . newline newline  all in all , i think this went well .  smithson said with satisfaction . newline newline  shake on it ? i travel a lot . it s not something that i consciously decided to do with my life . i do nt consider myself a fan  of airports or planes , i m not even a huge fan of holidays . newline newline i just happen to fall for people who live an ocean away . newline newline i m landing back home , london . she cried , i did nt . i m used to coming and going . it makes me feel a little heartless , but i m not sure if a heartless person would travel so far . there s a bump and a frantic rumble as the plane touches down . the woman across the aisle from me looks terrified , as though the rumbling is the plane struggling to stop as it screams towards some horrifying dead end . but i trust the engineers who built this thing . newline newline i remain sat and wait for people to stop jamming the middle of the plane before getting up to retrieve my own handluggage . just an old , beatenup backpack . we file out and people are mostly tired or quietly relieved to be home . i m firmly in the quietly relieved camp and the sun breaking through the clouds high above the plane reflect this mood . it actually looks pretty hot outside and newline newline oh , something is going on . newline newline security looks rustled and they re giving us all a close look as we walk past . i do nt think i ve actually landed in this gate before , now that i think about it . i do nt recognise the hall or the carpet . maybe that s a strange thing to pick up on . newline newline one of the officers brushes past the people mingling out of the plane and heads inside . i am actually a little bit nervous , but i m sure that s just an irrational worry . newline newline the doors ahead are closed and the people leading the pack look confused , this confusion trickles down through the small crowd of homeward bound travellers and soon the waiting area that the hall had lead us to is murmuring with nervous energy . newline newline the door that lead to this room is closed too , but that s probably because the plane is gone and the hall would lead nowhere . newline newline i keep to myself and try not to think about what could have gone wrong or what that funky smell is . newline newline a couple minutes have passed and i m trying not to get agitated , but i am getting impatient . someone pushes against the door to see if it opens  it does  but not because he pushed it . newline newline some pretty spokeswoman had opened the door from behind . she s flanked by two mean looking dudes and looks a little nervous . whatever is on her mind is swallowed down when she moves behind the desk towards the back of the room and begins to boot up the computer and sort out odd bits of paper . newline newline one of the men stands between the desk and the door that would lead back to the plane and i m thinking that it s about time . one thing i hate about airports is all the waiting . waiting to go , waiting to come back . we d arrived at this gate before the staff , now that s just ridiculous . newline newline anyway , it s typical that as soon as i m about ready to complain things get moving again and the pretty woman announces that the plane is boarding , we can form a line with our passports and passes ready . newline newline i was quite lucky to get a seat closest to the desk so i m one of the first in line . i present my boarding pass with a smile and have my passport open at the right page just to make things easier for everyone . it does nt take long before i m on the plane and ready to head home . it s all so routine for me , i travel a lot . newline newline i must have fallen asleep as soon as i hit the seat of the plane because next thing i know i m landing back home in london . newline newline she cried , i did nt . i m used to coming and going . newline newlinethe first time i had been afraid and confused . as my consciousness crashzoomed into the bloodstrewn battlefields of valhalla , my dying memories seemed but a moment away . driving my car home from the game , i d absentmindedly broken off a piece of beef jerky as i hit a pothole , inhaling it right into my throat where it became wedged . screeching to a halt , the stench of burning rubber filled my final inward breath as life slowly faded . newline newline a lowhanging mist of woodsmoke and burning flesh seemed to pour from the battlefield and into my being , what i know now as the mystical essence of the funeral pyre transporting my corporeal form to this otherworldly plane . i felt myself growing more physical , more complete until the final twist of smoke brought me to my feet . newline newline with the smoke now cleared , i looked beyond my feet to the fields beyond and was immediately stunned by the deathcry of a hundred thousand warriors beating swords against shields . newline newline then they charged . newline newline caught naked in the maelstrom , i flinched and cowered against the inevitable . one warrior , wrapped in fur bearing a roughhewn axe and wooden shield , broke free from the pack and bore down upon me , eyes wild with bloodlust . with a single sickening blow of his axe , i felt myself flung spinning into the air , landing moments later unceremoniously in the bloodsoaked mud alongside my nowbeheaded corpse . newline newline then i began to understand , and i forgave my son for carrying out my naive dying wish , for where i should have felt excruciating pain , i only felt extreme pleasure , beyond words . newline newline from the gaping wound at the stump of my neck waves of pure joy radiated . as the sensation overwhelmed me , i found myself transported to an endless field of lush green grasses and berry shrubs where stunningly beautiful angels  no  valkyrie  tended to my wounds and then , as the ambrosia from their heavenly ales soothed my spirit , assisted me with other earthly desires . newline newline later , after i was guided to the great hall , we ate and drank , telling stories of our deaths . a circle gathered around me , for it was rare to see a new  warrior  . of course they knew that the world beyond had changed , they knew we no longer fought with swords and axes , so the lacklustre story of my passing brought forth only a sense of genuine mirth , not the anger i had expected . newline newline i look forward to tomorrow . i ve learned to seek out death and that pleasure beyond words . i do nt know about the other heavens , but i m happy in valhalla . hey james .  newline newline i looked up from my coffee to spot a graying , amiablefaced man smiling at me from across the doorway . the sunrise passing through the cafe window partly obscured my vision , but nevertheless i recognized the moderate crop , the black turtleneck , the soft , large hands immediately . newline newline  adam ?  newline  the one and only . good to see you looking well .  newline newline i paused for a second . something was wrong about this . i had nt seen adam in years , since the ... newline newline  wait . you re dead .  newline  mmhmm .  a slight nod . newline newline another pause .  soo ... how are you here ? am i dead ?  newline  not quite yet .  newline newline that s when i realised . my 120  , as everyone called it . denounced as a myth , a foolish fantasy by some , but  it had to be said  the evidence was certainly stacking up against them now . newline newline adam beckoned me over .  cmon buddy , we got ta go . they re waiting for you .  newline newline but as i lifted myself out of my chair , a thought crossed my mind .  wait . what if i do nt leave ? what if i just stay here . do i live ?  newline newline my old friend grimaced .  i m afraid not . a car will drive through that window in ninety seconds , landing right where you are . and anyway , you re gon na be late for work .  newline newline i glanced at my watch : he was right . death or not , rob would still shout at me if i was late again . i crossed the cafe and walked out into the street , the resurrection of my former best friend beside me . newline newline it was still early in the morning , so the street was tranquil compared to the normal bustle and chaos of a new york avenue . the sun had just peaked its top over the tarmac s horizon , illuminating the place with a deep yellow glow . newline newline  so ... do i get a peaceful way out ?  newline  if i knew i would tell you , buddy . unfortunately , even the timeless do nt get to see what happens to others in their two minutes . its sacred , apparently .  newline  oh .  i did nt really know what to make of that . then again , i did nt really know what to make of this entire business anyway . newline newline while we walked , i tried to make the most of these last two minutes . my eyes darted this way and that , drinking in the beauty , thusfar unforeseen , of new york city . my home . newline newline  what s it like up there ? beyond the clouds .  newline he smiled .  well , you re about to see , are nt you ? would hate to spoil the surprise . and besides , you ve only got fifteen seconds left on the clock by my watch anyway .  newline newline  you ll be there , right ?  newline  of course . and joel , and frank , and amy , and ross , and little carlton .  newline  oh .  in the distance i heard the faint sound of breaking glass and a car horn blaring .  does nt sound too bad then .  newline  no , sir .  newline newline as we turned the corner onto a colder , darker block , shaded from the morning sun , i looked at my friend one last time . or perhaps the first . whatever . newline newline  well , adam . nice to see you again .  newline  you too , buddy .  newline  see you on the other side .  newline  sure .  newline newline i m sure the news must have made a big deal out of a senator s cadillac speeding down a city avenue and crashing headon into an innocent pedestrian , on his way to work , killing him instantly . but , if i m honest , i could nt care less . newline newline if i m even more honest , i count myself lucky . damn , those were a good two minutes . yes , i miss the people i left behind , and i still look on them every time the wake from their sleep , but i m happy . so make the most of it . two minutes is not a long time . fifty two years and seven months are .with the world growing ever unlivable and only a handful of rockets built , they did what seemed the most fair thing in an unfair situation . they picked survivors by lottery . newline newline newline one by one they boarded the rockets , though sometimes a whole family was chosen in succession . i watched an elder couple board with their adult children , and adult grandchildren , some already bearing the next inheritors . i thought it odd how the people chosen first dressed so nicely for the occasion , unless they always dressed that way . the early ships had parades of men and women with painted and purchased beauty and finery . there were some early rumblings of bias , though the lottery reader assured us the process was fair , just before he read his own number and boarded . newline newline newline i looked around and saw the crowd around me was exactly as they were before the lottery started . not one man or woman had to move or make way for that first class of survivors . a new lottery man came to read . it was odd how many cosmetic surgeons boarded than any other . i had not thought there were so many . the reader pointed out the comparable parity of pediatricians to all the other occupations , and this quelled some uneasiness . newline newline newline round after round passed , separating the lucky from the unlucky . some had simply gone home to die there , resigned to being left behind . eventually some near me were selected . there were teary goodbyes to friends and family . some were pushed away by their loved ones that they might live in names of those left behind . some openly questioned the lottery now , but there was nothing to be done with so many ships already gone . i watched some laborers and technical men and women board the last , older rockets , far more of them to a ship now than the earlier ones . newline newline newline eventually the last number was called , and the reader took the last seat on the last ship . he did not even say goodbye to the billions of us who would be left behind . it was the most fair solution to an unfair situation . it was just more fair to some than others . please forgive me , as it is 3 am and this is nowhere near as refined as i want it to be . i ll likely fix or delete my own response when i m up in the later morning hours .  newline newline all of the planning in the world could nt have prepared any of them for this . newline newline diana stared up into the red spire s heights , tears streaming along her scars , as thumps , thuds , and cracks echoed around them . ekvir grabbed her arm , ready to whisk her out of harm s way , but she yanked her limb from his grasp as she made her way to the steps . her royal armor creaked as her knees bent , feet lifting and dropping as she climbed , and her lifelong companions followed . newline newline  you know what s going to happen when we deal with this .  rosette s cool hand rested on her shoulder , the touch sucking away warmth even through the steel . newline newline  we ca nt do anything else at this point .  her voice cracked .  i m the queen . i wo nt let her continue ... this ,  she waved her dagger sideways , at the spiraling staircase and the skeletons that lay strewn across the stairs ,  this mockery .  newline newline  she killed the keeper ,  the void matron said gently .  i do nt know if it s possible to reason with her .  newline newline  i do nt know where you find the intent to talk within me , rosy .  she grasped her dagger between her teeth , resting both hands on the hilts of her swords . her father s swords  wrapping her fingers around them gave her strength , knowing he once had dealt with a wild one with the same blades . newline newline behind her , ekvir and akahele exchanged looks of concern as the noises of gore came to their ears , the breaking of bones sounding meatier as they climbed . akahele gripped his staff tighter , the white glow at its head wrapping around its entirety as he murmured his soft prayers . ekvir pulled his sword from its sheath , his weapon wrapped in shadows as he rested it over his shoulder . newline newline after what felt to be eternity , the ensemble stood before the grand door , pulsing with crackling red light and sparks of green . diana inhaled and rubbed her eyes dry , shaking her despair off  she could weep later . ekvir stepped to her side . newline newline  it is nt her anymore . i m beginning to doubt she was ever a real human being  her existing as a manifestation of the tumor s effects is more likely ,  he said .  there s only one end to this disaster .  newline newline  ...  diana nodded and looked at rosette and akahele .  this is it .  she swallowed .  any regrets that any of us would like to air ?  she looked up at the door .  i kind of regret never flying that damn dragon in irinth .  newline newline  all of us wanted to ride that fucker , believe me .  ekvir dropped his sword some so that the tip hit the ground .  let s go .  he nodded to rosette , who stepped up to the door and raised her hands . behind her , a grim shadow formed , rising over her and stretching its own arms in the air . with a vicious slam , the doors broke open , falling to the floor . the sound of mutation stopped abruptly as the group entered , and they stared in horror at their old comrade . newline newline standing as tall as a giant , with limbs bent in strange ways and hands gnarled into inhuman appendages that defied explanation  leela was no longer the wizard that had traveled at their side . teeth and claws clacked and scraped against each other as monstrous , wide eyes spotted them , and the maw that had once been the same mouth that shouted obscenities and spewed nonsense now roared , spit and bile dripping from what counted as lips . newline newline  ...  diana steeled herself , setting her jaw and drawing her swords .  it s a beautiful night to die .  newline newline  agreed , my queen .  ekvir steadied his sword in both hands . her consort had never once showed fear  even now , facing death head on , he did nt falter as he ran straight toward the beast . the priest shot forward with surprising speed , wings of light erupting behind him and allowing him to launch into the air , and she took after them with a battle shriek that tore her voice . newline newline it is 3 am and i ca nt write fantasy battle scenes when i m tired newline newline the room lay shattered , the remnants of the creature that had once been their wizard were drying out on the floor . rosette wove a bandage around diana s arm as the woman finally awoke , the final blast having knocked both her and her consort into the dreaming world . newline newline she sat up , staring at the carnage . drying blood stained her father s blades and she exhaled shakily , turning her eyes to the corpse in the middle . newline newline  ... leela ...  she pushed rosette away as she forced herself onto her feet , staggering forward and falling on fours . her aching limbs only throbbed harder as she crawled closer , and she looked down at the face of her old friend . eyes wide open and staring at nothing , mouth agape in her final death cry . broken fangs littered the floor , and diana absently pulled one out of her hand as she sat properly next to the dead wizard . newline newline tears ran down her cheeks as she closed her friend s eyes , biting her lip as she bowed her head , and she finally let out a sob . a wretched sound , she knew , but it ached to hold it even though it was damning to release . newline newline hands rested on her shoulders and she looked up at her consort , hating her weakness , but he only looked tired , bandages wrapped around his head . newline newline  queen , cry as much as you need .  he dropped to his knees behind her and rested his head against her back , closing his eyes .  it s over .  newline newline  ... she ...  she wiped her eyes , ignoring the crust of blood on her hand .  i ... i ca nt ... she ...  she inhaled , breath shaking as it entered her lungs , and she let loose a scream  the scream she had held in the back of her throat when her father was slain before her , the scream that she d swallowed the day of her exile , the same damn scream that had been burning her for so many years . newline newline there was nt anything to say . newline newline it was ... it really was over .https : www.youtube.comwatch ? vojjzifgioxk newline newline there was no mistaking it , the gjallarhorn was sounding . we marched newline forward , i at the head of my men , trusted hallbjrn by my side . newline  the horn is raised !  he cried to the men .  man engi mar rum yrma !  newline newline  sklmld !  came the reply from the men clattering their swords against newline their shields . there was no fear amongst this lot . warriors all , handpicked by newline myself , to serve at the behest of the althing . every village was to send their newline best . newline newline the wind blew hard at our backs . a sky dark as charcoal hung low over newline our heads . my furs whipped around me . hallbjrn fell into step beside . newline newline  do you know what lies ahead njll ?  newline newline it was an unnecessary question . hallbjrn knew the answer well enough . newline i had a way of reading the futures the fates wove . to his credit he never asked newline how i knew , he just trusted in my orders . i trusted in his loyalty and his newline strength . that had always been enough to bring us home alive . newline newline  j , i do.  i left it at that . hallbjrn glanced sidelong at me for a moment newline and smiled . behind us the men chanted in unison to droning war horns . newline newline we crested the icy summit . the valley below us was a maelstrom of newline combat . our countrymen battling a massed army of soldiers . many more were newline arriving by sea . our long journey had reached it s end . newline newline  ere , the world falls.  i said . newline newline hallbjrn drew his sword . newline newline  well then . we must hurry . we do nt have much time.  newline newline i unslung my shield and loosened my sword in it s scabbard . the wind newline was fierce at our backs as we charged down the icy slope into the fray . newline newline sindri was first to fall , cut down by a pikeman . i lashed out with my newline sword , gutting the man . i did nt feel the loss of the youth . valhalla would newline welcome all those who died with wounds to the fore . newline newline we tore into the enemy with the ferocity that only norsemen could newline muster . our axes and swords tasted the blood of the invaders as we carved newline our way into the battle . newline newline lafur was next to fall , then brynjar . their bodies falling into the mud as newline their souls escaped to paradise . we pressed on striking out at the foe . newline newline ahead we glimpsed an armoured man on horseback , his standard bore an newline eagle and three crowns . newline newline  house stenkil !  hallbjrn yelled , gesturing with his axe and began newline cleaving his way towards the horse man . i followed in the wake of hallbjrn s newline rage . newline newline the footsoldiers seemed to keep their distance from the stenkil horseman newline who casually dispatched anyone who came near . he circled to face us , sword newline held high . hallbjrn did nt hesitate , hurling his axe at the steed s legs . it reared newline back throwing the horseman to the ground . hallbjrn closed in with fists raised . newline even unarmed hallbjrn was an imposing foe dwarfing most men . newline newline he struck the horseman twice in the face , denting the man s helm . he newline kicked hallbjrn away and thrust with his sword . the point emerged inches to newline the right of hallbjrn s shoulder blade . he was dead instantly . i fell upon the newline horseman , repeatedly driving my sword into the slits of his visor . newline newline the sounds of battle faded as i gathered myself . all of the soldiers had newline stopped fighting and were staring at me . newline newline no , not at me . newline newline beside me stood a radiant woman resplendent in a white dress unmarred newline by the mud and blood of the battlefield . newline newline she began to sing . her voice carried clear and perfect throughout the valley . newline newline  she a hall see standing brighter than sun ...  she began . newline newline the clouds began to part over her head newline newline  with gold bedecked , in giml  newline newline the sun pained my eyes . my sword fell from my hand . newline newline  there shall good people household build ,  newline newline my furs began to smolder , my armour began to burn me . newline newline  and in long time happiness enjoy.  newline newline flames engulfed every soldier on the field . they ran and they screamed but i newline could not . i could not tear my eyes away from her until the flames consumed them . newline newlineit all began with the drawing of four straight lines on a crisp sheet of white paper . each line parallel to another and perpendicular to two others . the center was a perfect square . newline newline i had drawn the grid , so i made the first move . i chose the bottom right hand square , placing my x within its three borders . newline newline my opponent grimaced as they took the pencil i proffered . they placed an o in the center square . newline newline i smiled , retrieving the borrowed graphite case from their grasp , and placing a second x onto the field , kitty corner from my first . victory was nearly assured . newline newline brows and lips turning down , my adversary snatched the writing implement from my fingers and may a hurried o directly above my initial x . a set back , yes , but only marginal . newline newline retrieving the no . 2 , i blocked their pathway to success , marking x below my second . now they were in a squeeze . newline newline as persumed , my rival placed a circular barricade two spaces left of the game s original mark . newline newline  cat s .  i muttered beneath my breath as i stopped their last chance at victory by placing an x in the remaining corner . newline newline frustrated , they took the pencil and etched their final o followed by a large c that covered the board . newline newline the game was over . both sides had lost . the board had won again .edit : made a recoding .  listen to it on soundcloud   https : soundcloud.comlaytheron10kmcage  . newline newline the humans were nt the problem , for once . some of us died , those in transit . most of us lived , though . it was the animals that suffered . most migratory species died out , unable to travel once the seasons changed . it was horrifying . truly . utterly . horrifying . we still do nt know what caused it . god ... newline newline one day , everyone was fine . the next , we were all trapped , caged like some damn animals . friends and family could never see each other in person , again . those on long distance trips were doomed to never feel that sweet embrace . newline newline trade was still possible . very difficult , but possible . using a long chain of stops and transfers , those stuck at sea could receive necessities . they had to . they were crucial to international trade . things took much longer , but goods could get to the places they needed to . well , if the country was still open and functioning . newline newline some closed off immediately . considering the nature of this curse , it was no wonder . those were the countries that were mostly selfsufficient . the ones dependent on global trade suffered heavy losses . yet , not all was lost . there were times before global trade . they simply had to relearn jobs long since lost to industrialization . perhaps one could say it has made us better . though , it is hard to think that , most times . newline newline at first , those separated could communicate with those that mattered . yet , as the satellites started deteriorating , there was no way to fix it . the sky goes a lot higher than our meager chain would allow . eventually , everyone further than 10 fucking kilometers lost touch . damnit ! newline newline i had friends ! i had family ! i ca nt see them anymore . some lived halfway across the world . others , so close to me , perished in a car crash . i have lost everything that matters . i hate this , so much . please , if there is a god out there , please , please , just stop . i know we humans are horrible . i know we have destroyed our world . this , though . this is no better . we are still using resources . we are still waging wars , just in smaller scales . we are still raping , pillaging and killing . in fact , crime rates have skyrocketed ! worse of all , your precious world is dying as we raze it to the ground , with all this chaos . it is nt better ! please , stop ! newline newline god ... this is not the life any of imagined . we did not want this for our descendants . we certainly did nt want this for ourselves . if funny , you know . i did nt think i d be alive to see the end of the world . even though we are not all dead , the fragile peace has shattered . you never think it will happen to you , but it did . by god , it did . newline newline goddamnit . i hate this . i wish i could do something . please , just end this hell . newline newline  my name is gregory mcalisteroni de nosa the third , the most interesting man in the world ! and the next season ... i retire  .  newline newline eight months ago the whole world gasped as i said those words , and since then i ve seen them on almost every billboard . they became a new expression , a new meme . there were advertisements in which ceos of the largest companies  our benevolent gods , our generous sponsors  stated that the would retire as well and take their business with them . a marketing campaign , for sure : they were waiting to see what trick would i pull this time to then repeat it and ride the waves of popularity . newline newline of course , nobody in the whole world actually believed that i would actually retire , simply because i had no choice  and when i say that i do nt consider gruesome death a choice . they knew that i was stirring them up , as i always did . how could i , the champion of wpec  the world s prime entertainment channel , the biggest promoter of the advertisements , one of the pillars of the corporate economy , leave them ? that would imply that the corporations do not hold their word when it comes to the main currency of our world  entertainment . that would imply that they have no power . that was a pill that nobody even contemplated they would have to swallow one day . newline newline for the last 15 seasons , i have been surviving as i could , trying to earn my freedom . a long time ago i was just another contender in the show , forced to play this cruel game and spin the wheels of the economy for the debt that i got into . back then i was hoping that my partyhard lifestyle would carry me all the way through to victory , where i would be a free man once more  another man on the other side of the screen . but i never predicted one thing : that i would be too good to leave the show . the public loved me , they did nt want to part with my crazy shenanigans , and the fact that had i failed to entertain them better than everybody else i would be thrown under the road roller never bothered them . to think that i used to be like them ... newline newline they think i still am , but that s not true . the things i ve done , the things i ve seen ... they ve changed me , shaped me into someone who had to wear two faces  one for myself , and one for the others . i ve heard how the public roared after i harpooned a shark and then rode it , and i ve seen other contenders break down in tears because they knew that they could nt top me , and that the audience would relish in their deaths . newline newline so i decide to up the game one more time . newline newline as usual , the crowd greets me with deafening cheers . they refuse to believe that i am going to retire . time to tell them otherwise . newline newline  greetings , beautiful people !   i roar , smiling , and in response , i feel another sonic wave of my fans  screams .  i got ta tell you something important   immediately the crowd , all the 11 million people that gathered here , all the kings of this world , go silent .  while i was playing the game , all my relatives died   i say , and the crowd makes the loudest  awww !  sound in the world . newline newline  but that s fine because i got you guys !   i yell , and people cheer in ecstasy .  oh , all the crazy stuff we did ! remember that time when i wrote a mocking letter to that eastern dictator and almost caused a global conflict ?   i ask , and the crowd laughs .  remember when i made a bomb and tried to blow up the popcorn factory to cause popcorn rain ?   i ask , and the crowd laughs louder . newline newline  remember   i ask in a quiet voice   when i said that i would retire ?  . newline newline in response , i only hear the unsure muttering . newline newline  that day is today   i say , and suddenly the front rows of the stadium start blowing up , cowering the back rows in fire and ashes and blood and bones . in the distance , the sirens start wailing : the city was under attack . newline newline  viva la revolucin   i say and drop the mic . newline  newline newline to get my releases ahead of everybody else and get your hands on advance reading copies of my books , subscribe to  rscandalist   https : www.reddit.comrscandalistcomments4n4iu6authorsmessagewelcomenewreaders  !wind stirred newline newline newline the burning sun cooked the earth , wringing it like a cloth newline newline stealing its precious lifeblood till naught was left but bone newline newline wind was her hermes , carrying precious cargo to the heavens far above newline newline an entire world away newline newline liquid cooled , condensed , crystallized newline newline beauty , white as alabaster , danced with her partner wind , sharing in his perfect freedom newline newline a ballet upon a cloud , performed by the elements themselves newline newline heat , the jealous suitor , looked upon them with fury in his eyes newline newline forever reaching skyward , never reaching sky newline newline with anger , burning brightly , he clawed away their stage newline newline and with the sorrow of parted lovers , rain fell to earth againit was a bitter winter year . the textile factory was closed temporarily while undergoing repairs . to make matters worse the heating at the factory owned apartments was non existent . damian was fed up with his living situation . newline newline damian hurried to the central district . damian found the town bulletin board . roommate wanted . most ads were beyond his reach , one in particular grabbed his attention . roommate wanted . must be able to care for elderly in exchange for rent . damian gave it no second thought . he had taken care of his dying parents as a child and knew the difficulties he would be facing . with no avail , damian ripped the page out of the bulletin board and hurried to 1136 post oak rd . it was nighttime when he arrived , a quick knock on the door and no answer . he waited a few minutes before knocking again . no answer . damian contemplated for a while , when finally it hit him . the elderly person must be unable to get to the door . damian turned the nob , waved the flyer like a peace flag , and walked inside . walking around the home damian was somewhat relieved that the lights were on . someone must be around here somewhere . traversing the home , he had no luck finding anyone else . damian decided to wait in the living room . damian fell fast asleep . it was dusk when he woke , his internal clock never wrong . nevertheless , no one was around . damian spoke out to the house , thinking the owner was hidden away scared of the intruder in the house .  excuse me , if anyone is here . i would like to say that i am friendly , loyal and a hard worker . no need to be alarmed . i am just looking for a spot to sleep and a friend .  a few seconds passed , silence .  a friend you said ?  looking around damian found the source of the murmur in the kitchen . what he expected was a daughter or sister in the area . what he saw was beyond comprehension . a translucent figure was hovering over the stove moving a metal utensil around a cooking pot . the figure was a tall women of about 6 feet wearing a long silk like dress . her hair was as bright as the welding sparks he has seen at the factory . for a second it crossed damian s mind that he was daydreaming at the factory , something that happened often . the voice called out :  friends are there when you need them most . if you are truly a friend then have a seat , breakfast is almost ready .  stunned as he was , he managed to take a seat .  what..  the voice interrupted  what am i ? i ask myself this everyday .  ... .she hid in the closet , afraid to breath , to move , to even think lest he hear her . had it been a day , an hour , or just a minute since he d arrived bent on slaughter and destruction ? she could hear him now , smashing mother s porcelain figurines , dashing the old dresden clock on the mantle , gutting peoni the calico kitten . her kitten she received just this afternoon for christmas . she d never had a cat before and it took so very long for father to acquiesce and yet ... she d never get to know little peoni . newline newline she stifled a sob and waited in hopes that the din of destruction would wane , but it did not . its sudden but constant cacophony tore at her mind like the knife he employed . rip , shred , gouge , and die !  were words he muttered to accompany his evil antics . mother s screams were done , and father never got the chance to do even that . little greta in her high chair still screamed unattended by mother or murderer alike . newline newline molly wished it would end , but wishing is what got her into trouble in the first place . she remembered the wish and wished in turn to take it back , all back , but here it was , the result . her wish became reality and now she could do nothing but hide from it and hope that it would go away .it was a slow afternoon in a cafe . newline newline  good afternoon sir , may i take your order ?  newline newline  yea , i ll have your best seller .  newline newline  that would be our mocha frappe , its ingredients are freshly made  our chef whips the cream himself and we roast the coffee beans just right so it has the optimal caffeine content and this chocolate undertone .  newline newline  ugh , too fancy for me . i ll just have espresso then , and give me a cinnamon roll too  newline newline  ok sir , that ll be 6 dollars  newline newline  6 dollars ? ? ! !  newline newline  yes sir , we have the prices above me  newline newline  oh , did not notice that . say , do you accept other forms of payment except for cash ?  newline newline  as a matter of fact sir we also accept cr ...  newline newline  boom !  newline the customer lays a lunchbox on the counter , then opens it newline newline  is that.. ?  newline newline  yes it is , a human heart . so am i goo..  newline newline  may i ask , why do you have a heart with you ?  newline newline  does nt matter , so is this all payed up ?  newline newline  no sir , next question : how did you get it ?  newline newline  if i have to tell you , i ll have to carry another lunchbox cause two hearts can not fit in just one .  newline newline  okay . i think i may have to call the authorities .  newline newline  no no no wait . i also have this .  newline the customer lays down another box on the counter then opens it . newline newline  sir , is that a.. ?  newline newline  yes it s a kidney ! have you skipped anatomy in high school ? ? ! !  newline newline  no actually , i am studying premed right now .  newline newline  oh , good for you . so anyway , am i ... ?  newline newline  no sir you are not . i may have to ask you to leave .  newline newline  ugh , fine . fine ! i ll leave ! ! god ! ! mumbles all i want is a cup of coffee  newline the customer backs off a bit then quickly leans in the barista . newline newline  maybe this will change your mind . boom ! goes the dynamite .  newline the customer lays another lunchbox on the counter and opens it . newline newline  sir , would you please get that liver of the counter .  newline newline  sure , sorry . . . so am i pay . . ?  newline newline  ok sir , fine . this will do . will you have the espresso to go or . . . ?  newline newline  no , i ll just drink it here .  newline newline the customer takes his order then sits on the corner table at the end of the cafe . the moment the customer sits , the barista dials the phone . newline newline  hello , 911. . .  newline newline credits newlinethere s one little fucking circle on my head that s cold as the steel that s touching it . the muzzle of my dad s nine millimeter is pressed against it while the rest of my body is boiling with a cocktail of feelings . betrayal is one , but that s not really fair . embarrassment is another , which makes a whole lot more sense , but both of those are outweighed by the panic of having a gun pressed to your forehead . newline newline i guess i should clarify things and mention that my dad is nt actually holding the gun to my head . my best friend is . at least , i thought he was my best friend , only friend , whatever friend , but i suppose it s not fair to make this distinction because he sure as shit thought the same of me . i guess i should also mention that i have a fortyfive lined up just beneath his cheekbone . the tables have nt turned as much as they ve flipped . newline newline we did nt even start yet . the bell s about to ring . here we are , halfway down the hallway we planned to start in and i m not sure what to do . carry on , and i ll die somehow more alone than i thought i would have , or bail on the whole thing and live somehow more alone than i thought i was . hey greg , you wo nt believe what to my writing prompt !  newline newline  uh , fred ?  newline newline  look ! it s been only an hour and i ve hit the front page !  newline newline  fred !  greg shouted ,  the dinosaurs have partnered with aliens and are taking over the earth ! they also like black licorice !  newline newline  what ?  shouted fred as he stepped to the window . indeed , aliens and dinosaurs eating black licorice were conquering the world . newline newline  how could this have happened ?  said fred sadly ,  i just hit the front page with my very meta prompt ! this is so unfair .  newline newline suddenly a dinosaur and alien crawled through the open window . newline newline  ha ha ,  the pair laughed convincingly ,  your prompt was so funny we just had to upvote it . in fact , since your prompt appeared during our working hours , our entire civilisation upvoted it !  newline newline  your work !  yelped fred . newline newline  yeah , conquering planets is a daily hassle , but we have reddit to help us through the monotony .  the dinosaur and alien stepped out through the window and fired a few chainsaw lasers at the white house . newline newline  curses ,  fred cursed ,  i should have guessed only an invasion of upvoting aliens and dinosaurs would have gotten this post to the top so quickly at this time of day .  newlineevery town out here has it  s share of urban legends and oddities . well , every town but mine , buckhill crossing . when i was younger , my older sister told me that in jonestown just south of here , the ghost of old man enrond haunts the cornfields . newline my dad used to joke about how he got his collection of ancient coins out of the coin return slot of a rusted old newspaper stand in front of the eavensburg post office . when i was younger i believed every word . my friends and i used to conduct ghost hunts , stakeouts , and fortune telling sessions , hoping to catch a faint whiff of the supernatural . but as the years dragged on , i was only able to confirm one theory : nothing interesting happens in the crossing . newline newline so when my little brother came home holding a white rabbit and claimed he got it from a vending machine , i couldn  t help but laugh . newline newline  the creature vending machines of buckhill crossing ?  newline newline  it  s true ! i saw him the a vending machine outside of the gas station !  newline newline  jim , let the poor rabbit go.  newline newline  no , he  s mine ! i paid for him ! i paid for him with two of my dollars !  newline newline well , i won  t deny that jim probably helped his new pet out of a hairy situation . newline newline to make a long story short ,  mentos  became the first of several new additions to the buckhill crossing pet population . two weeks later , jim  s friend susie claimed to receive a corn snake instead of her intended purchase . her name is  gummi worms  . in ms. katherine  s show and tell , a second grader named bruce brought in his new pet lizard , gogurt . newline newline the rumors of the coin creatures of crossing spread like wildfire . the local police helped it along by reporting the newest addition to the force , a miniature black and white piglet ,  oreo  . as the months went on , the legends got more and more ridiculous . a set of kittens  mike and ike  . a snapping turtle  jawbreaker  , and my personal favorite , an actual goldfish . nevertheless , i brushed off the rumors as hoaxes . newline newline i  ll never forget the day mom brought home  diet cola  , a labrador puppy that she swore she rescued from a vending machine . jim ran straight to my room , and delivered the loudest  i told you so  in the history of mankind . newline newline i  m a bit ashamed to admit it , i got a bit heated the night mom brought home cola . jim and i got in an argument that ended with him crying in his room , and my mom  s disapproving glare . i took it an an invitation to leave the house for a bit to cool down . newline newline as much as hate to admit it , i had let the stories of the creatures of crossing get to me . i had spent my whole childhood hunting the supernatural to no avail . i had spent years believing in every small town rumor , every strange coincidence . now , every tom , dick , and jerry smith in buckhill was getting their magical moment straight out of a machine . how unfair was that ! newline newline i looked up from my slouching stroll , only to find myself in the fluorescent light of the buckhill crossing s only gas station . i let out a small gasp as my eyes met another pair staring back at me from behind the plexiglass of a vending machine . his horns , wings , scales , and sly smile mocking my disbelief in the creatures of the crossing . i couldn  t help but let out a laugh as i fed the machine the spare change i had been carrying around since the day jim brought mentos home . i knew i d be in for another  i told you so  when i got home , but as far as i was concerned , jim had earned it . newline newline  hey there , big red.  newline newline  newline  small edits : word choice and grammar  newline this is my first time participating in a wp activity ! thanks to op for the adorable picture , and wonderful prompt ! newline you did nt  did you  ?  newline newline  what ?  newline newline triad stood , mouth gaping , as he stared at the results of fillad s blunder . the crimson sunlight gleaming through the half closed shutters gave the entire scene an almost sinister feel , though if triad recognized the humor in the situation , he did nt show it . newline newline fillad turned back to his plate , stationed on the counter like a porcelain atlas , holding the end of the world on its back . fillad looked down at the fork in his hand , slowly realizing what he had done . newline newline  oh , no ,  he whispered , the panic slowly starting to worm its way into his voice .  no no no , i m sorry  i did nt mean   newline newline but that was all he could say . the syrup had already fallen to his stomach , already started to take its toll on his psyche . countless scientists  chemists , biologists , physicists , astrologers , and even one sociologist  had determined that the last bottle of aunt jemima s best should never be consumed , lest the evil that rested therein be released onto an already withering world . even now , at the end of the rations , the amber fluid had been banned and monitored , to be kept out of the hands of the unsuspecting public at all costs . newline newline so of course fillad would get his hands on it . newline newline he looked up at triad , his eyes wide .  i m sorry !  he pleaded , but triad stood motionless , simply staring at the spectacle before him . fillad doubled over in pain , and when he looked back up at his flatmate , his eyes were glowing crimson . newline newline  triad !  fillad screamed , and the room quaked at his voice . newline newline triad shook his head and walked to the counter where the plate of waffles still stood , smothered in the accursed sap . he turned around to face fillad , a stern look in his eye . newline newline  i told you , did nt i ?  triad scolded .  you do nt eat waffles for dinner . we use these at school to teach kids about ambiguity and misleading . love them . newline  newline the spry thief newline newline no one was home . it was now or never . he had waited for this moment , wanted this more than anything . the time was right . newline newline he climbed to the open window , and though the gap was small , squeezed in . newline newline it did not take him long to find his target . newline newline the fish were his . newline  newline faulty wiring newline newline earth thumped on the lowered coffin . he was alone now . newline newline faulty wiring , they said . no one was really to blame . newline newline he was still alone . he dropped his toy onto the growing pile of earth . they could play now . newline newline  you wouldn  t believe it was him.  said the policeman as he led the child away . newlineand so , trump won his presidency . newline but you see , everyone knew his secret , for some time ago , they noticed it . below his hairline was a slight crease , a little line that should nt have been there . it did not take long for people to notice that it was nt really trump , it was someone wearing a trump mask , to trick them . nobody understood who would want to be trump , but at least they were in on the trick . newline the knowledge was kept on the down low , people never talked about it openly , they wanted to keep the fact that they knew a secret . newline newline and so , when trump went to give his inauguration speech , people waited with bated breath . would he reveal his identity ? newline newline  you people are all dumb as mexicans !  he started newline  you see , i have been wearing a mask all along  newline people started to really pay attention , he would reveal himself . newline  but , of course , you all knew that  he continued smugly newline  and i have one upped you , for i truly am ...  with a single quick motion he ripped away his mask ! newline  trump ! four nights , five days . it s been exactly four nights , five days , six hours , a couple minutes and a few seconds . but none of that is important , because the obvious fact is that four nights is a long time for a person to stay awake  no drugs , no coffee . it feels like something though , stimulants of some sort , but this is nt cocaine or adderall or anything i ve ever known . it does nt feel like a drug  there is no sensation no discernible  effect   no cracked out afterglow , no comedown , no jitters , no teeth grinding  just ... just an awareness . newline newline most of all i m aware that i do nt need to sleep anymore . it s been four nights and i have nt even touched my bedsheets . i have nt changed , or shaved or showered . i have barely moved from my kitchen chair , that goddamn dying lightbulb doggedly buzzing aloft , reminding me that i m not dreaming . i am not tired , i do not feel hunger or thirst , and accordingly i do not sweat , nor do i feel the slightest need to empty my bladder or bowels . should i be worried ? my mouth remains moist , but i think i have ceased saliva production . i just know it . but i am afraid to go into the bathroom and look at the mirror  afraid of what i ll see . my imagination wanders into terrible places , and i m seized by a wild fear of what i might see , that i am not myself anymore , both inside and out . perhaps i have been transformed , into a monstrous vermin or some horrifying mutilation of my former being . newline newline i have spent the last four hours in this state , possessed by a this grotesque euphoria , shadowed by a primitive terror . i picked up a random book off my bookshelf after the first night  before that i had been pacing up and down my narrow kitchen , lighting cigarette after another with trembling hands  and attempted to read , but i can not . perhaps it is unreasonable to ask my mind to comprehend words and sentences in light of such suspense which waits to be confronted . newline newline i needed time . the realization did not bring with it the appropriate resolve , and agitated more than ever i briefly stepped outside the apartment . it s been four nights since i ve breathed fresh air , but the air is different since then . the bitter , snowflecked buffalo wind no longer causes me pain , which i mentally add to my list of symptoms . newline newline i m on allen st and the streets are dark , lit only by the christmas lights from nearby restaurants and bars . some quick addition in my head and the convivial bubbles of people smoking outside the bars tells me it s a weekend evening . i hear them laughing faintly through the snow , unaware that i am watching them . newline newline i cautiously walk down the street to approach the bar the voices are in . it s a dingy little joint called the  mug buddies  , overpacked as usual and there s a small group of smokers out in the patio . i can feel the stares , but i ca nt tell if it s just my paranoia or the fact that i m in a tank top with gray splotches of cigarette ash all over me . i can feel their gaze , fixed squarely on the back of my head as i enter the pub , but i ca nt bring myself to turn around and meet it . my chest is pounding and the corners of my vision are blurring as i slip inside . newline newline i see a mirror , and in it , amid the heads of anonymous people , i see myself . a wave of disgust , horror and terror surfaces and spreads within in and with it , people being to scream . i look behind me , numbed to the deafening roar around me : the smokers have vanished . newline newline i do not remember killing them , nor do i remember fleeing . newline newline i am back in my apartment , covered in blood . i have not slept in , let s see , 7 nights , 8 days , 2 hours and a couple minutes and a few seconds . but i know now , none of that matters . newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline mornin  stacey.  newline newline i say that every day to her as i walk by , but honestly it  s nothing more than a habit at this point . i don  t even look up anymore . i hear her grunt at me . that  s more than i get from most people these days . newline newline whatever . newline newline stacey is our security post manager for the back entrance where i walk in . i scan my card and open the door . i work it a top secret facility , complete with all the security bells and whistles . it  s so freaking cool i could crap myself . not . newline newline ugh , sorry for being cranky , it  s just i didn  t think my job would be this boring . newline newline i do server maintenance for the fbi . i got ta admit when i first got the job out of college with my cs degree it sounded sweet ! they gave me a special badge , took my biometrics , i was pumped ! but i didn  t know my job would entail me staring at code all day . i  m supposed to resolve any errors that pop up , but they must have fixed whatever bugs caused them a while ago . the scrolling metrics never break , never need fixing . i work alone in the server room . i  ve gotten used to near silence all day . newline newline i honestly think if i didn  t come in nobody would notice me . newline newline i come in , open my prepackaged breakfast , and stare at the screen . the lines were scrolling through just like normal . i looked at the help desk inbox . nothing . newline newline i honestly wish something would break to interrupt this monotony . newline newline i open up our security camera feed just to see . same old mass of people in the main lobby trudging along . i don  t even really know where they go to work these days . they just walk along . newline newline huh . the last 5 lines of code started with the same number . that  s interesting . newline newline only 7 hours and 55 minutes left of work newline newline when work finally gets done i get up and go . i  m not really excited to go home , but it  s part of the ol routine these days . newline newline back when i was in school i got hooked on prepackaged meals because i was hooked to my computer too busy to make real food . now i just eat them because i have so many saved up from when i bought them . newline newline i walk home and take the stairs , it  s really my only workout i do ever . this time i decided to look up just to see the world for a bit . i could swear that girl is staring at me ! she  s kind of far away so i can  t tell if she  s pretty or not . she  s probably more interested in how bizarre i look . i haven  t showered in a while and don  t really look up when i walk to she probably thinks i  m a zombie or something ! newline newline man she won  t stop staring at me weird . newline newline i get to my apartment , pop open a bag of i think this one is supposed to be some kind of steak or something , sit down , and read my book in the sunlight . it  s summer time so i can feel myself dozing off before the sun even sets . newline newline maybe tomorrow will be different probably not .i sat up in bed slowly and rubbed my eyes . images of the plane engine exploding outside my precious window seat filled my vision like the lingering spots from a camera flash . newline newline  seems like visiting egypt by passing through france is a bad idea ,  i said to myself . newline newline  what s that , babe ?  a deep , sleepy voice muttered next to me . newline newline had my place in the bed been springloaded , i could not have made out from the sheets to stand against the wall any quicker . newline newline  umm , nothing ... marcus ?  marcus collins was my boyfriend twelve years ago . eleven years ago we became  just friends  , and ten years ago we stopped talking . i had nt really thought about him much since then .  go back to sleep .  newline newline  can you bring me some water ?  newline newline  yea . yeah , okay , some water .  newline newline i threw on some faded jeans and a tshirt as i made my way to the kitchen with no intent to get marcus some water . what i did intend was to get myself a glass of milk , because for some damn reason , every time this happened the first thing i craved was milk . newline newline i opened the fridge to oblige my craving , and then quickly shut it , my eyes drawn to the large red circle on the calendar . inside it was the text  halo 2 launch !  and instinctively i knew , as i always did when faced with the root that lead to my death , that this was the link . newline newline  seriously ?  i more exclaimed than asked to no one in particular .  no more halo ?  how this was connected to my future death , i could not fathom , but there had to be a pattern . i needed to get to the library . newline newline after guzzling the milk , i slipped into the laundry room for a sweater , then grabbed the keys by the door and headed outside . the sight of a brand new ford mustang parked in the drive gave me a roller coaster of emotions . newline newline first , i got pissed , because i had just bought this car five months ago and then last month the new , and way fucking cooler looking , body style came out . newline newline then i smiled and had a good laugh at the memories of all the great shit happened in that car . happens in this car , actually . or not , i ca nt remember . that s why i need the library . newline newline or , more precisely , that s why i need mr. coles , the librarian . an actual librarian , too , not one of those people putting books back on the shelf or collecting fees and processing the books you check in and out . newline newline mr. coles did nt know what i was . shit , i do nt even know what i am . but mr. coles did know something was different about me , i was pretty sure . he said he could see it , which i found odd since he was blind . newline newline i know , a blind librarian . do nt think i did nt have a good laugh about it the first few times we ran into each other . newline newline the first time we met was when i had lived to be fifty . i died from lung cancer and went all the way back to when i was ten . my friend elizabeth and i had snuck out back of the library during a field trip , and she dared me to smoke a cigarette he had taken from his older brother . well , that time i said no , and went back inside  and ran into mr. coles , who asked me to go with him . newline newline i m pretty sure i thought my parents would find out i ditched a field trip and almost smoked a cigarette , and that my life would end . instead , that s pretty much where it really began . he s helped me keep track of my lives ever since , and while i suspect he knows more than he let s on about me , i ve never pressed him . newline newline arriving at the library , i threw the car into park and made my way inside , and towards the back of the library to a door labeled  library staff only .  knowing that mr. coles would support my unauthorized presence , i took the liberty of pushing it aside and walking back towards mr. cole s office . newline newline i knew something was nt right the moment i saw his office door was closed . mr. coles took his open door policy very literally , and i had never arrived seen it closed . sensing no danger , not that i was spiderman or anything , i approached and knocked softly . not fully secured , the door popped loose and then slid open with an eerie silence . newline newline inside , the office was exactly as it always had been  empty , except for a desk with a phone , a chair at that desk , and a bookshelf lined with books in braille . a blind man places an entirely different kind of value on material things . newline newline not exactly as it always had been , i realized . my book , the book mr. coles kept secure for me , was sitting closed on his desk . i flipped the light and then slipped in , closing the door behind me . newline newline when i say this is my book , i mean it . this is the story of my lives , more or less . today was november 9th , 2004 . i flipped through the pages until i came to 2004 , then november , and finally to today . the page was empty , as expected . i looked around for a pen , but of course mr. coles was blind , and so no pen was to be found . i d have to add the halo 2 bit later . seriously though , halo 2 , of all things ? newline newline after updating the entry for the day , the first thing i always did was look to tomorrow . there i saw , in my own handwriting , an entry that said ,  marcus will propose today , which will lead to your death on may 7th , 2005 , during your bachelorette party when a drunk elizabeth drives you home and runs a red light , killing both of you .  newline newline well , shit . tomorrow was going to suck , apparently , but at least i now remembered why things ended between marcus and i . newline newline i flipped forward , and there were no more entries for three years , until one that read ,  darren wants to get a puppy , which will lead to your death on march 12th , 2009 , when the dog trips you and you fall down the stairs and break your neck .  newline newline three years was the longest stretch i d ever had , but all that meant to me was that the timeline was ripe for something deadly to happen . i d probably have lost count of how many times that happened by now , but the very last page of the book contained a tally , which i flipped to . in doing so , a folded piece of paper fell from the pages to land on the desk . newline newline i picked it up , and opened it to see a typed note . newline newline  omega .  newline newline they were as brave as they were soft . newline newline  one or two hits by a round or shrapnel could pop their hydraulics beyond their ability to selfrepair . and their reaction time was absurdly slow . they took the better part of a second to even process any unexpected event . and war is nothing , if not unexpected events .  newline newline grandpa continued to polish the stillwarm solder on his right knee , which he had spent the last few minutes replacing . ribbon cables were peeled back at the connector , just at his lower thigh , and as such his leg below the knee hung lifelessly , alloy , cable and tension wire . ehud admired the precision and detail of his grandfather s selfrepair , as his own software was zettaflops behind in such optimization . depending on his eventual specialization , he may never be as good as the master craftsman before him . newline newline grandpa continued .  but they were clever . not in the sense of tactically evaluating probable outcomes , like we mechanan are . but in this bizarre way  they seemed to take irrelevant data and apply it in untested , unproven ways , for which they had no deductive evidence of success potential . newline newline  i m sure i ve told you about captain jael ...  newline newline  many times , but i do nt mind hearing it again ,  ehud interrupted . he knew it was impolite , and risked inefficiency to interrupt . but ehud concluded that reminding grandpa how much he loved his stories was worth the unkindness . and if they had been concerned about efficiency of communication , they certainly would nt be using their vocal synthesizers and pickups to transmit the data . and certainly not in english , of all archaic languages . newline newline  you are your mother s artifact ,  grandpa said with a nod , reassuring the boy that his impertinence would be excused this time .  jael was one of the last human officers i ever served with . he had essentially no situational awareness , like all humans , and his random number generator was as bad as his game theory . but he always seemed to find ways to break the rules , and come up with a new stupid idea that somehow always worked . newline newline  i think it was the 2nd siege of new san francisco .  ehud wondered at how strange the words i think sounded from a mechanan . was he asserting his humanity simulation software , or were his memory sectors degrading ? ehud imagined what it would be like to just think some datum , and not know it . newline newline  we had held the citadel for .23 radians , so about 9 sols  you know we still used mars time as the clock standard  9 sols before the ceramics finally brought in their siege cannon emps . probably 200 scamps were there that day . before the end of the next sol or two , they d be operational , and we would have been scraps . i and the other assessors advising jael agreed it was time to leave the citadel and regroup at the edge of the ocean , which was still being terraformed at venus s poles as war raged on . but jael would nt have it . newline newline  he sent us to the recycling barracks , to gather up all of our destroyed units . instead of repairing the units , we sabotaged our own recycler . made a big mess of things , too , so the enemy could see it was in bad shape . some of the other humans even questioned his decision , as it appeared to everyone else to be some sort of dementia that biological beings are prone to . but mechanan and human alike , we followed orders . newline newline  the next step was to empty our stockpiles of multispectrum sensors , the misses , damage them in a very specific way , and reattach them to the optical sensor arrays of all of the destroyed droid units . then we loaded them into our railguns and fired them at the enemy . remember , now , these sensors were among our biggest advantages over the ceramics . we had superior vision and supply chain , they had superior almosteverythingelse . and we were delivering our most heavily guarded secret directly to them ! newline newline  sure enough , our longrange scouts could see them scanning the debris . most of the misses were obliterated on impact against the venusian floor or ceramic armor plating . but they found some . they found enough . and they started repairing them and affixing their own units with the tech we had just blasted at them .  newline newline  but grandpa , why did nt they reverse engineer them and make infinite new ones , rather than refurbing ours ?  newline newline  exactly what we suggested to jael they would do . turns out , they did nt have the equipment needed to perform the analysis . but to this day , no one knows how jael knew they would nt have it . from our perspective , he had bet the entire war on this gambit , just to save one city . humans were crazy , ehud . if their s one thing you should take away from this story , it s that humans were completely bonkers . probably still are , wherever they disappeared to  newline newline  i hold that lesson dear to my core processor . okay , go on , i love this part .  newline newline  so now they ve got misses on their beady little sensors , and their scamps are almost completely ready to fire . our doom is secure . and as the reports start coming in , jael starts laughing . he knew what was coming . honda help me , somehow he knew it would work . newline newline  with their repaired sensors , they can see that we do nt have any countermeasures to the scamps , and that our numbers are far fewer than they must have concluded given the false signals we had been sending  another human tactic  . and tminuszero had arrived , so without fanfare , the ceramics charged their capacitors and wahwoooom . newline newline  nothing happened . to us , anyway . we should have had our circuitry completely smoked on that instant . but instead of the citadel going dark , it was the siege whose lights turned off . we were stunned . most of us . newline newline  jael was the first to cheer . then the rest of the humans , though still perplexed , cheered along . as you well know , we mechanans do nt cheer .  newline newline  we can .   newline newline  yes , boy , we can . we can also lick a tesla coil but our frivolity governors limit the number of stupid things we do , even when trying to act human . anyhow , we in the assessment unit were already trying to process variables to see why this improbable outcome would occur . newline newline  i was the one that found the obscure warranty report on the sensors we had launched at the enemy . the disrepair we had put on the sensors created a harmonic resonance with the power source the scamps used , which caused a tiny little feedback loop between the misses and scamps . this had 2 results  the scamps overloaded and more or less melted , and the misses popped capacitors with such violence that it drove a nailshaped chunk of circuit boards and casing right into the ceramics  processors . newline newline  this had happened once , mind you , in the consumer version of the miss . and it was on one warranty report . and jael knew about it , and used it to instantly destroy 78 percent of the siege force at their moment of victory . the rest was a simple cleanup for the defenders of the citadel . took about 4 hours , with almost no other damage tour our units .  newline newline  why had nt the assessors considered jael s strategy ?  ehud had asked this question before , but he new that grandpa loved to recount those moments when mechanans had to reprogram their logic . optimization and improvement was a hobby to all of the very best mechanans , and grandpa was perhaps the best , from where ehud stood . newline newline  so many reasons . there was no way to know the military version would have the same defect as the consumer version . the power source that the scamp used was so rare before the war that testing its interaction with the miss and every other device with a warranty report would take forever . we just could nt know it would work .  newline newline  jael knew it would work .  newline newline  yes , jael knew . did i ever tell you why jael knew ?  newline newline  because humans are crazy ?  ehud hypothesized , having never considered anyone would know why humans ever do any insane thing they do . newline newline  i found the signature on the report . it was jael s signature . the consumer miss that had malfunctioned was the one his wife had been wearing one day , six years before . she was visiting him on base , when a prototype weapon with same power source was testfired a few hundred yards from her . newline newline he later told me that he was walking right next to her when it happened , and never heard her fall to the ground . he was several steps ahead of her before he noticed she was nt at his side anymore . there was almost no blood , but her brain was no longer sending signals to her lungs before her knees had buckled .  newline newline  so it was because of her death that new san francisco was saved from the flakpots .  newline newline  ca nt call them that anymore . they re ceramics . we need to call them that , because that s what they call themselves , and we re not enemies any longer . ceramics .  newline newline grandpa was always optimizing and improving . newline newline   newline newline extrahumanoid utility droid mark iii , 67th generationi was fourteen when my parents gave me a copy of the book . it  s a ritual all teenagers go through . it  s the seminal text of our world . read it , my father told me . understand it . come to us with questions . but ultimately , the choice is yours . newline newline i  d known of the book  s existence , but since i was an only child , it had never been an issue in the house before now . newline newline the book was my dad  s copy . it was dogeared and , as i leafed through it , i saw his handwritten notes . i ran up to my room to dive into the eternal and the dead .  newline newline the first few chapters were a real bore . it detailed the scientific breakthroughs long ago that discovered immortality  how a few genetic compounds found only in newborns can be modified and applied to a human body near its growth maturation stage to  turnoff  the effects of aging . newline newline the book spelled out the choice . those who sought eternity must obtain the newborn  s genetic material . the infant stripped of these essential building blocks would never reach full maturity and are granted the mercy of death before they reach the  age of comprehension.  newline newline there are those who have made the choice and they are known as eternalists or immortalists . those who decline the choice are mortalists . each faction was was granted space in the book to present their case . newline newline the eternalist portions of the book were thrilling . they talked about the wonders of the universe and what can be learned and experienced in the span of a forever life . the chapters that detailed obtaining the  sprout of eternity  or the  fountain   they never used the terms baby or infant , i noticed  , read like the best spy novels : how to outwit cunning nursery security and tales of eternal friendships and loves that grew from a pack of eternalists who bonded to obtain a  gift.  newline newline the mortalists wrote of morality and how no life should be sacrificed for another . they gave impassioned pleas for the order of the universe , how humans were born to die as are all other living creatures . they promised the rewards of an  afterlife.  newline newline the book concludes with a warning  the choice must be made before the body reaches its maturation , around age 18 . but since bodies age differently some 17yearolds have tried to apply the treatment and found it to be too late while some have had successful immortality therapy into their early 20s . newline newline some time after i  d read and reread the eternal and the dead ,  i took my dad up on his offer about answering some questions . i asked him what choice he and mom had made  they had never told me . he explained that he was  agnostic  when it came to the choice . i didn  t know the term when he spoke it and now i  m not sure it  s the right word . newline newline my dad explained that he and mom made a pact not to disclose to anyone their decision . either i would watch them age and die or they would retain the same appearance they now have . perhaps , my dad said , they would watch me grow old and die . he maintained that the choice was mine and would not speak more about his choice . newline newline i put the book away after that and did not look at it again for some time . just before i turned seventeen , i reread again the eternal and the dead .  i contemplated the immortalists and their thrilling  fountain  chases . i certainly could think of some girls i would join in an immortality pact . i also thought long about the thousands upon thousands of years where humans experienced the life cycles of birth and death and if that was the way it was meant to be . newline newline what was certain was if i didn  t make the choice very soon , my body would make it for me . newline newline as i read again the final chapter of the book about the warning of being too old and losing the opportunity for immortality , i noticed a handwritten note i  d not seen when i  d read the book three years earlier . it was written in a script barely large enough for legibility and easily missed in the page margin . newline newline the words were in the hand of my mother ,  choose well , my son , your brothers did not . it began as any death might . a light at the end of the tunnel , one might say , or perhaps the great pearly gates , another inevitably interjects . what fools we were . whether or not god exists or does not , i can not say , but i can say that if he exists he has left us alone . even in death , we are simply alone . i saw my light at the end of the tunnel , my pearly gates , my pit of hades , flash in my vision for but an instant as my body died . as my soul departed my body , i looked down at it one last time , i looked up at it one last time . my body , my soul , sitting there just outside my reach and soon , my vision . i long ago lost feeling from my body , but not before i felt the maggots eating away at my flesh as i lay rotten , and not before i felt my bones disintegrate into nothingness . i lost feeling to my body the moment that body ceased to exist . so my soul began to wander , no longer bound to this earth by it s rotten shell . for the longest time i wondered why i was bound in such a way . was it to inspire humility ? to strike fear , to send a message ? i now know it was none of these and , in fact , nothing at all . as my soul wandered , it came across a college campus , within which a man and a woman lay beside each other under the stars . newline  i do nt think i ll ever want children . too much of a hassle .  newline  i ll drink to that .  newline i turned my attention away and saw the same woman , crying . newline  i said i m sorry , peter ! what do you want me to say ? !  she slammed the phone down and lay down , sobbing into her pillow . a small pregnancy test beside her was marked positive . newline for a while , i see nothing but the woman being counseled and berated by one person or another sometimes both by one . i felt oddly protective of this woman i did not recognize yet knew by heart . newline as the girl s mother berated her with tears in her eyes , i felt betrayed for a promise never made . newline as the girl s father stared at her with ice in his eyes , i felt abandonment from a man i never knew . newline as the child was born , i felt a sense of wonder at sights i had yet to see . newline as the child opened it s eyes for the first time , i felt myself fading . newline as the child recognized it s mother , i realized i was seeing my own birth , 80 years before my death . newline as the boy started crying , cold recognition gripped me . newline newline life is a cycle of events unchanged no amount of force could change the inevitable . as my eyes faded into the eyes of the child , i knew why the boy was crying . in death i was free . newline newline in life , i was a blind man once more . newline newline  newline hmm . not sure if i like this one or not . i definitely screwed up the prompt , that s for sure , haha . at any rate , take it or leave it , it s up to you . i think i m going to leave it , haha . any critiques , please do so : hatch my hatchlings , the worlds dark so you better start laughing . this is as good as it gets , waves crash into your mind to help you forget though your memories be empty , do nt forget who sent thee . newline newline extraterrestrial , mirage of skepticism as the unknown becomes transparent . lets stare into the sun and see if we can share it , renewable resource while i m forging my tarot . my merit is my currency and dogma my path , earthlings are silly but they run from the facts.. relax , this is all going to be over soon , evolved life forms step upon the lexicon to consume decepticon fumes , descend upon moon with your favorite silver spoon my fortune sun . newline newline red ribbon army , burning as they ravage , sulky heroes wallow down in style , redefine average to what meets your liking . strike like lightning except dual blows , howl at the sun till the moon starts to glow . count what you know as a misguided belief , understand now that the stars ca nt be reached , we are a hostile threat to this planet and we ve got shit to teach . eat their young and mock the old , from new shit rap to soul rock and roll , pay the piper and blow your smoke , understand the laughing does nt make this a joke . okay popeye ? why do nt you pop out that thang one more time and we can try to reapply this lotion , love potion must be faulty , ai nt my fault g ? keep it lowkey and ride m like yoshi . newline newline divide and conquer , lets tame the wild wild west , show humans whats up ruin their shit then flex .i stepped out into the square , my spherical antigravity amp floating through the air behind me . my electric guitar dangled from its strap on my shoulder , its body glittering in the sunlight . my leather jacket and old jeans attracted a few mystified looks as i made my way towards the fountain at the centre of the square . newline newline i stepped up onto the wall surrounding the fountain , gesturing to the amp as i did so . it took up position just above the apex of the fountain , the slight spray leaving glistening droplets on its casing . i took a pick from my pocket and held it aloft so that it caught the light . several faces in the crowd turned to look at me . newline newline hello , everybody !  i said softly , the microphone pinned to my lapel relaying my words perfectly through the amp . i d like to play a little song for you , i hope you like it .  newline newline silence and the tinkling of the fountain was my only response . i shrugged and strummed downwards , sending a series of powerful chords echoing around the square . then i began to sing . newline newline load up on guns  bring your friends , newline it s fun to lose and to pretend ...   newline newline then i switched into another riff , this time from hell s bells by acdc . there was now a sizeable crowd gathering around the fountain . i powered my way through another few sections of other rock songs , seamlessly flowing from one song to another . newline newline during a particularly long solo  that one from through the fire and the flames , to be exact  , i shouted out to the crowd . newline newline come on , put your hands in the air !  i yelled . newline newline the adults were reluctant , i ll admit , but it was nt them that drew my attention . at the front of the crowd , half a dozen children had pushed their way out of the crush and were beginning to jump around in time to the music . i pointed to them and they cheered . newline newline that appeared to be the tipping point for the crowd . slowly but surely , they began to get into the groove . a few started to clap to the beat , while others copied the kids and began to sway or bob with the music . a few more riffs , and i had them in the palm of my hand . newline newline i dove into eye of the tiger , the whole crowd now clapping along to the rhythm . as the main riff started , i kicked out with one foot and simultaneously clicked a switch on the neck of my guitar . the amp above me fired out a burst of confetti that showered the cheering crowd . do nt worry , it was biodegradeable . newline newline as i built the music up to a crescendo , i noticed several guards converging on the square slowly . well , i thought , time to wrap things up . i ended with queen s we are the champions , blasting out the final note with a flourish as i dropped down from the fountain perimeter . newline newline i smiled and bowed to the thundering applause . thank you !  i shouted . you ve been a wonderful audience ! goodnight !  newline newline as i turned to go , there was a tug on my jacket . i looked around to see a small girl smiling at me . i grinned back and tossed her my silver pick . she caught it and gasped with excitement at her acquisition . when she looked up from the treasure in her grimy hands , i had disappeared . newline newline i dashed from the square , the amp following behind me like a flying faithful dog . there was a yell from behind as the guards gave chase , but i was already keying commands into my wristmounted timetwister . suddenly , everything melted away around me in a wash of bright blue sparks and i stepped into the time tunnel , already heading for my next performance . the people of the american revolution needed a little rock n  roll in their lives . newline newline and so the time tour rocks on ...once upon a time in north korea . newline newline the leader of north korea fathered no children , and so with his passing came chaos . there was famine , stealing , looting , it was complete chaos , the reason for this was the economy wasnt set up to operate without a leader , and so the already poverty stricken country suffered even greater . that is until a man came to their aid . an ingenious business tycoon , william h. wonka . newline newline understanding that the economy needed to be revitalized he brought with him the factorys , north korea was to be the newsest headquarters of the wonka chocolate factory . this was an amazing idea , william h. wonka was seen as an international hero , garnering the respect of peace activists and charitys alike . little did they know this was nt his reason , he wasnt there to help , his true intentions were much more sinister . newline newline he knew there were no regulations here , he knew there would be no pesky u.n sanctions , no human rights to deal with , no laws . it was perfect . newline he saw the potential and began making his changes . newline newline he used their small stature to fit into pipes , into ducts , into frightening small spaces . newline he kept them malnourished , and unhealthy , he liked the skin tone of the jaundice inflicted . newline he even taught them to speak english , or so he told them , in actuality he taught them to speak in rhyming non sense , in delightfully catchy tunes . newline newline he was a god here , and he began to believe it more and more . newline he was even worse than their previous leader . newline newline he began delving into heavy drug use , amphetamines and lsd , causing him to be thrown into the depths of psychosis , he began having his citizens wear ridiculous outfits and dye their hair , simpy because it amused him . newline newline he began to turn the entire country into his vision . newline newline he turned the citizens into of what he called  oompa loompas  . made them live off of candy and sweets . newline he even had them build a chocolate river , with a chocolate waterfall , he has truely lost his mind . newline newline newline he turned the country into a police state , and stopped all communication to the outside world , even more so then its previous ruler . newline newline newline there were trees constructed from candy , mushroom made of candy , he made the entire landscape edible and delicious . newline newline although these  oompa loopmas  we living a horrible and degrading life , the candy never tasted better and so no one outside of wonka land cared in the least .hahahahha what ? this is a dream ? it s no longer a theory , but we actually are  somethings dream ? ? ? shit ... well i know what i m doing . nothign matters ... we are nt real . we do nt have true emotions we do nt actually feel ... i dial up my old stoner room mates ...  hey guys you got a fix ?  ... ... ..  no not the old stuff i was looking for something ... um ... more intense ...  ... ... ... .  awesome , on my way  . the world seems like a dream now ... i chuckle to myself as i drunkenly walk towards my car ... . time to find me some desperate poon and enjoy this world why it lasts .there was the thought of sea , and a shore , of a lighthouse burning bright and a setting sun , of water crystal clear and teeming with fish , and in the distance a ship sailing to the open seas . jonas held the bottle between his fingers , and with a sudden twist turned it lengthwise , the seas glistening just beneath the bottle s neck . newline newline he held the bottle up to his eyes and looked through the prism of the glass . the sea and sky were painted in bright pastel colors , but the ship and the shore and the man standing upon it were a dead unknowable black . the scene sloshed , gleaming like a rainbow slick of gasoline . jonas lifted the bottle to his mouth and breathed in a heady air . in that bottle was a child s hapless dream of the sea , seen through aquariums and storybooks and paintings . there was a lighthouse  the idea of a lighthouse  guiding nothing , shining through nothing , standing eager and selfsatisfied at the sight of its own light . there was a fisherman , a shadow , a silhouette , standing erect like a prop on the rocky shoals of the shore . newline newline and somewhere in there , in the black of a ship out at sea , was a dream of a memory of his father . newline newline jonas looked up at the setting sun and walked back into the woods , leaving the bottle unstoppered for the birds to twist their beaks in and drink .once when i was sitting pretty , newline trying to write but writing shitty , newline words were leaving from my brain , newline not nice and neat , instead insane , newline from pen to pad from polished tin , newline from bard to bad to just plain din , newline my brain of brass a noise did trumpet , newline strained and crass , voicing vomit , newline i wrote of food and floundered nearly , newline my writing crudely flavoured clearly , newline i heralded the plight of a crumpet , newline a bakery crusade i did trumpet , newline a prophet of the croissant i became , newline apostle of ore i remain , newline and therein is my problem , i decry , newline the virtues of vanilla in pie , newline my croissant cross , my walk of shame , newline my chocolate sauce , my writing lame , newline for how can i write about , newline the taste of pastry , churning out , newline buttery goodness mixed with pecan , newline in a pie , when i am a tin man ? newline newline 029newline newline bamf ! gum ! presents  kick ass moments in history  : newline  33 . in 2132 , president elect connor w. ponroy dies from a massive coronary after wrestling a bear while out on lake fritzroy . vice president elect william b. quinn is soon sworn in and serves another three terms . newline newline newline bamf ! gum ! presents  kick ass moments in history  : newline  12 . in 2100 , the great cyclone  fondly nicknamed geneva  destroys hoover dam , causing minimal damage to the area below . the army corps of engineers soon gets the dam fixed , the dead buried , and the hydraulic system back in tip top shape . a miracle of modern engineering ! newline newline bamf ! gum ! presents  kick ass moments in history  : newline 14  in 2106 , newly president elect erik pimlico is sworn in on the promise of new infrastructure rebuilding and investment . notable ccomplishments include the great wall of rio grande , the great wall of alaska , and the great wall of toronto . newline newline bamf ! gum ! presents  kick ass moments in history  : newline  71 in 2173 , former president connor fitzroy s grandson is reelected in a historic landslide creating the first fathersongrandson political dynasty ! the country parties like it s never partied before ! newline newline bamf ! gum ! presents  kick ass moments in history  : newline  82 . in 2199 , the great walls of the rio grande and alaska are demolished in light of free politics agreement treaties . it s another three years before the great wall of toronto is finally torn down , and ends up in a museum near lake havasu . newline newline bamf ! gum ! presents  kick ass moments in history  : newline  92 . in 2214 , the north american freedom party sweeps in for another twenty year term as historic interest rates are set to an all time low . optimism is at an all time high ! newline newline bamf ! gum ! presents  kick ass moments in history  : newline  95 . in 2216 , the north american liberty party was found in peru and immediately disbanded . famous members such as actor louis armer and politician amy thingen were last seen partying it up on their honeymoon yacht , before retiring to greenland . newline newline bamf ! gum ! presents  kick ass moments in history  : newline  204 in 2354 , the historic free politics agreements extend to central america ! newline newline newline bamf ! gum ! presents  kick ass moments in history  : newline  210 in 2364 , the historic free politics agreements extend to all of america ! the celebrations are fierce amidst fireworks and allnight parties ! newline newline newline bamf ! gum ! presents  kick ass moments in history  : newline  300 in 2400 , hoover dam cracks yet again ! the army corps of scientists divert the river completely to limit any further potential damage . it s a modern miracle of science ! newline newline newline bamf ! gum ! presents  kick ass moments in history  : newline  340 in 2424 , the actress polly mayberry marries politician armen lighthouse ! newline newline newline bamf ! gum ! presents  kick ass moments in history  : newline  364 in 2450 , america is once again at the top of its game as more caribbean islands and panpacific islands successfully lobby for membership ! just what the doctrine ordered ! newline newline newline bamf ! gum ! presents  kick ass moments in history  : newline  375 in 2499 , america is nearly lost to the ameriaustralia socialist coalition , but freedom quickly rings as the opposition is quickly defeated in a rousing speech on the rights and privileges of mankind . the andax stock market spirals up and up ! newline newline newline bamf ! gum ! presents  kick ass moments in history  : newline  389 in 2503 , the stock market corrects itself ! but recovery is swift and exciting ! millions lost , but billions gained ! president elect fitzroy sweeps in new laws to celebrate ! newline newline newline bamf ! gum ! presents  kick ass moments in history  : newline  400 in 2550 , america is now at its newest level of land expansion ! ameriaustralia celebrates its new entry into the continent as well as many other asian countries also asking to join !dear reader , newline newline i am about to die . these will be my final words . i must write this while my heart still beats , i must ensure that someone finds this so that the future can continue . newline newline when i was a young man my mentor led me to a great hall near my village , it was a special place , one where young warriors of great potential would be presented with a weapon of great power , one that would help them fulfill their destiny . newline newline i passed through the doors of the hall alone , my mentor had told me that he was not worthy of the honour and waited behind . newline newline i wandered into the great hall wondering which weapon would choose me newline newline i was by far the greatest warrior my village had ever produced . i had bested every oponent i ever faced and could outwit even the smartest foe . i was on my way to becomming a great general . i knew i was worthy of only the greatest weapon . newline newline i passed excalibur and mjolnir , fine weapons indeed but weapons of royalty . even though i knew i was worthy of such finely crafted items i also viewed them with a certain amount of disdain . these were the weapons of oppressors , people who ruled but didnt care much for the people they ruled . i wouldve been greatly disappointed had i been chosen by such a weapon . newline newline thankfully it was not meant to be . newline newline i passed many other finely crafted weapons , all adorned with rare metals and precious gems , each one more beautiful and fearsom than the last , but none called to me . newline newline i had just about finished exploring the hall and was going to give up , perhaps i would not recieve my weapon , perhaps i was not destined to be a great general as i had thought . then suddenly i heard my name being called . i followed the voice . newline newline the mysterious voice led me past all the weapons , past the swords and hammers , the axes and batleths . it led me to a table situated at the end of the hall . newline newline i looked upon the table and saw ... .. nothing ! newline newline no sabres , no daggers , not even a tiny little arrowhead . newline newline all that was on the table was a feather , surely this feather wasnt the object calling me . newline newline i picked it up and examined it , this is when i realised that this was no feather , it was a quill . a fine quill at that , but a quill nonetheless . i was not even sure what such an item was doing in this hall . it made no sense to me . newline newline then it spoke ! newline newline  the pen is mightier than the sword ! with me by your side you will be one of the greatest military commanders in history . your name will be known by all and you will be remembered for generations . your work shall change the entire world and the course of the human race for years to come .  newline newline there was wisdom in the quills words . i had always known that intelligence was an important factor in defeating a foe . newline newline i took the pen and left the hall to begin my destiny . newline newline if you have found this parchment you will likely notice that to the back of it is taped my quill . with this quill i forged a nation , with this quill i changed the course of human history , with this quill i fulfilled my destiny . newline newline i live this quill to you , dear reader , in the hopes that you will prove worthy of it and do something great with it , something for the betterment of mankind . newline newline please cherish it as i have . newline newline regards , newline george washingtoni still think i am the greatest . newline newline but i build pyramids constantly ! how can you be greater if i already am ? newline newline i still think i am the greatest . newline newline look , the thruth is hard for you . either i lie to you or we cry together . newline newline would you belive in what you believe if you were the only one to believe it ? you know , cause you are . newline newline unawareness is the only sin , and if you were aware you would know . i believe in myself , and i know others do , too . believe in yourself , it makes you happy ! newline newline i refuse to accept other people s ideas of happiness for me . as if there s a one size fits all  standard for happiness . newline newline there are more choices than this . you must not know fashion newline newline fashion makes me cry . newline newline why does it make you sad ? trees are never sad look at them every once in awhile they re quite beautiful newline newline i am god s vessel . but my greatest pain in life is that i will never be able to see myself perform live . trees should be glad they are nt me and come look at me . newline newline how can they look at you if there eyey are nt real ? newline newline i think i do myself a disservice by comparing myself to you . i am warhol . i am the no . 1 most impactful artist of our generation . i am shakespeare in the flesh . newline newline to the artist of this coming generation and of the renaissance . the people that truly understand your art are the people who do nt comment . take this example :  it s your birthday  mateo said . i did nt respond .  are you not excited to be 15  he asked . reading my book i uttered  i turned 15 long ago  newline newline i am not a fan of books . newline newline if a book store never runs out of a certain book , dose that mean that nobody reads it , or everybody reads it newline newline look , i would never want a book s autograph . i am a proud nonreader of books . newline newline you think you get it . you dont you dont you dont ! ! ! ! ! ! ! newline newline i liberate minds with my music . that s more important reading a book or than liberating a few people from apartheid or whatever . newline newline how can your thoughts be real if your brain is nt real . you can not go to this conclusion so easily newline newline nobody can tell me where i can and ca nt go . newline newline why not ? newline newline cause my life is dope and i do dope shit ! newline newlineher name was ellie . newline newline an unassuming creature , seven years old by declaration , six years , three hundred sixty days , twentythree hours , twelve minutes with a handful of seconds and counting by calculation . he could ascertain the age of any living thing he came into contact with but himself , of course  after over twelve millennia and the course of history , his own age became as incalculable as the number of quarks inside the human myocyte . newline newline she was small , with synthetic brown curls and a plastic crown , surrounded by loyal subjects from mattel , buildabear and american girl  the hulk remained at her side , an everloyal body guard commanding her army of green wax soldiers and miniature lego men . her brother was their general , and like any praiseworthy leader , he slept and lived the life of his underlings . he was eli . newline newline he often charted close to eli and ellie  s room , mainly because the computer sat far away from the endless activity and conversation surrounding the nurses  station . over the weeks since her diagnosis , tearful adults came and went , but eli and ellie remained active in a world where not even the degradation of the bone marrow could affect them . he could smell poison running through her veins from just outside the doorway , and yet her daily activities as ruler of asgard , her brother as coregent kept her busy and laughing . newline newline he could not have children . the few remaining in his species could not , either . consequentially , it was the reason most of kind chose to fare amongst other species . cultivating surrogate families and being with them as the roots of their family tree deepened . it was considered a treasure to be the progenitor of a wellcultivated family . the name of his species  most wellknown progenitor changed with religions  clever , really , in that he had produced a family of nearly 70  of the human race . eli and ellie were his , in a way . a son and daughter of  adam  . newline newline time passed , and he left home only to return after moonrise , ellie  s condition changed to critical . the aftermath of resuscitation had cleared , and after the flurry of activity , only eli remained by her side as he always had . he stood in the shadows of the room , observing the two left unguarded . ellie  s heart strained , and he knew it would not be beating when the sun reappeared . newline newline  ellie ,  eli spoke .  do you remember mom and dad ?  newline newline the two were adopted , he recalled . newline newline ellie couldn  t answer . newline newline  when they left , i said that we didn  t need them anymore . i told you that i would be with you instead . that i would always be with you . and you weren  t scared , even though it  s my fault they left.  newline newline he didn  t think much of the child  s statement . guilt was very human , as was assuming blame needlessly . newline newline  i love you , ellie . i do nt want you to die , but i don  t want you to be sick anymore.  the child crawled into bed next to her , carefully rearranging her stuffed animals and dolls . eli smiled , and as he carefully laid next to her , he became a woman with long red hair and a gentle smile . newline newline from the corner , his eyes widened as eli began to sing a lullaby in the woman  s voice . ellie  s heart rate slowed on the monitor . eli reached over and silenced the preprogrammed alarms as the girl slipped away from the rest of humanity and rejoined the universe . eli cried , returning to his former self , holding his sister  s hand , head resting on her shoulder . newline newline he slipped out of the shadows , in the body of the doctor . newline newline  adam ,  he spoke . the child , eli , ignored him , tears streaming down his ten year old cheeks .  i  ve been searching for you for a long time.  newline newlinedear mrs shit bag , newline newline i am happy to inform you that my dedicated servitude will no longer be required . it is to my great fortune and your great misfortune that your shackles of demoralizing spews and over demanding rants will be no longer available to break my spirit , whilst you sit on your fat ass . newline newline i would also like to submit a map of where you can go , and as your poor husband will attest to , reads like the layout of your house leading to your bedroom where he must slay the beast once a year to keep it from terrorizing the rest of the planet , but instead confining it to the back room of our local hardware store . a brave man your husband is , i feel a small win fall in his future . hopefully he can use it to run away with the young sarah who works in the paint section , who he has been boning in the back seat of you car for the past year . newline newline finally , satan , i will not be requiring a reference from your fart smelling rotten snaggled tooth gaping hole you scream orders out of while you consume the entire box of donuts we all , except you , bring in every morning to share , since i have no need for further employment . newline newline go fuck yourself , newline newline richie richdid ... did you just prompt on my favorite game series ever ? well then ... newline newline  newline newline blue moon ... you knew just what i was there for ... you heard me saying a prayer for ... someone i really could care for ...  newline newline the man with glasses and a hole in his head walked into the tops casino and scanned the room . no sign of benny yet . the tables were full of gamblers , diners and drinkers in various sates of mind . sober , drunk , poor , rich , winners , losers . thinking he d just need to wait for a couple of hours for benny to show up , the spectacled mind decided to grab a drink . one of the patrons caught his eye . he was standing at the bar , nursing a whisky , and was wearing a vault suit with various bits of metal welded to it as crude armor . he was conspicuously unarmed , like all the patrons , but the man s expert eyes could make out the outline of a laser pistol hidden under his suit , mirroring his own 9mm in a hidden pocket of his duster . more importantly , the vaultsuited man had a pipboy , like his own . newline newline now that s something you do nt see that often in the wastes . newline newline deciding he d try and learn more , the spectacled man waved the waitress over for a whisky and went to stand at the bar next to the vaultsuited patron . seeing his new drinking buddy , vaultman turned to him with a genuine smile . newline newline  howdy , pardner  , he said .  i think that s what you re supposed to say in these parts . at least , that s what that onewheeled cowboy robot said ...  newline  victor ? you ve met victor ? newline  of course . nobody who s interesting can make it through the mojave wasteland without running into that delusional bag of bolts . and you look like someone interesting too . where d you come from ?  newline newline i could nt feel any better , or i d be saaaaaaaaad newline newline that was a question he d heard before . the answer was clear .  the grave . you ?  newline  i could say the same . a bigger grave than yours i m sure , but a grave nonetheless . who are you , then , to cheat death like it ai nt nothing ?  newline  i am ... was ... am a courier with the mojave express , nothing more .  newline  ah , a courier . i ve met another one of you on my way west . he was somethin  . strange detail i remember , though , he had an old world flag on his duster ... that ring a bell ?  newline  no .  something had made the courier s skin crawl though .  your way west ? you come from the east then ? you with the legion ?  newline newline why do nt you do right , like some other men do ?  newline newline  nah , i m not with them . i come from farther out east , where the legion would actually be considered progress . i did cross their territory on my way here though .  newline  you crossed legion territory ? alone ?  newline  man , i come from a place where bombs from the great war still litter the ground . the only human beings you see are either cokedout assholes like them fiends you got there , or are destined to be enslaved , raped or eaten , not necessarily in that order . the only other people you have are nutjob powerarmored zealots fighting endless armies of super mutants like those that have your ncr shitting themselves in the hills . i made my way through all that to get out of there . trust me , a bunch of jumpedup tribals like the legion were nt gon na stop me .  newline newline the courier was nt about to dispute that . the fire in vault man s eyes was proof enough that he could , and did , do exactly what he said . it was a fire the courier knew all too well , the kind that could drive a man to gut a deathclaw with a rusty ripper if it came to that . newline newline  anyway  , continued vault man ,  what brings you out here , friend ?  newline  unfinished business .  newline  ah , if i had a cap everytime i heard that one ... last guy who had unfinished business to settle was a man set on fire and thrown in a canyon . you do nt have anything like that , do you ?  newline  not so bad . but a guy did shoot me in the head , some time ago . that s what i m here for . he owns this place .  newline newline in this town there lived an outlaw by the name of texas red ... many men had tried to take him and that many men were dead ...  newline newline  what ? your mark runs with the chairmen ? man , you must really want him , to run into their den like it s nothing ...  newline  not like it s nothing . i do nt have a plan , i m making it all up as i go along . last time i did that ... well , last time i did that , i negotiated a hostage situation with some great khans , but i m dealing with bigger fish now .  newline newline at that moment , the elevator doors opened and benny walked in . the courier had almost drawn his gun and started shooting , when he realised benny was nt alone . four armed guards trailed him close , smgs at the ready . how like the chief of the chairmen to stack the odds in his favor . the courier turned towards vaultman . newline newline  hey , listen , you look like you can handle yourself . wan na tag along with me for a while ? i can use the extra firepower , and there s a bunch of caps and an introduction to mr. house in it for you  newline  hah , keep your caps , i ve got more money than i can spend anyway . i ve got nothing better to do though , and you look like a guy who gets in trouble often . i like trouble . and meeting mr. house is a pretty good deal sweetener .  newline  great . my guy just walked into the room . let s go .  newline newline with hands on their guns , both men walked casually towards benny and his goons . newline newline like the fellow once said , ai nt that a kick in the heaaaaaaaaaaaad ! ! we called her dirt newline because no one can love dirt . newline we did nt call her earth , newline because no one can hate earth , newline no one but dirt , newline because she was nt earth . newline you can disregard dirt , newline unload your sorrow , your strife newline your thirsty , thirsty life newline onto dirt , and still be mad newline at your doorstep if you must newline bang your shoes to be rid of dirt . newline you live on earth , though , newline you all live on earth and respect newline that what is done to earth newline is done to all . dirt ? fuck dirt . newline her hair was dirty , so long newline a thinhaired woman cut it weakly newline weekly . dirt s face so muddy newline when it s spat upon . earth newline is our mother , the mother of us all , newline while dirt , dirt had no mother , newline dirt was from another people newline which is why you knew she was dirt newline and not earth once she was alone newline as a dirty , crying baby with a dead , newline dead mother still by her side . newline this is our dirt . elsewhere , other dirts newline pave the pathways of villages newline to keep the soles of the good folk newline from the ugliness of daily mud .you re gon na miss me when i m gone . newline or did nt you think about that ? that one day i d just up and leave ? screw you . everything always has to go your way huh ? does nt it ? you re a selfcentered asshole and i m leaving . i m done . family ? you try to tell me that family is important ? fuck you . newline you know where my family is ? my family is a country away . my family , my friends are sitting across several state lines and one border . newline so i m leaving . i ve tossed all my shit in the car and i m getting the hell out of here . you wan na stop me ? go ahead and try . i m eighteen , you bastard . i turned eighteen today . you did nt even remember your own son s birthday , you spastic fucker . newline you , with the drinking and the drugs and the alcohol and the beatings . newline oh , by the way ? i m taking lilly , too . you know , your daughter . my sister ? she s older then i am , but you still treat her like shit . you treat everyone like shit . fuck you . newline so we re leaving . who s gon na clean up your messes now , huh ? who s gon na do the dishes , cook the food , clean the house , who s gon na slave away for you now ? newline i m not sorry that i m leaving you at all . i hope you burn in hell . newline fuck you . newline you re gon na miss me when i m gone .i have seen this man before . in my dreams maybe ? at work ? i ca nt be sure but he just gives me the heebie jeebies ! the thing that bothers me the most is he is nt like the rest of us . clean shaven , bald shiny head , all while wearing short old man cargo shorts , and a hawaiian button up half way undone . not a scar in sight . from the day you are borning you lie , either by words or crying for milk when you really just want attention . newline newline how does this man who looks like he is 3 centuries old carlessly show off his body , and not show a single scar ? this make could not have lived a perfect life ! i planned on inviting him to lunch the next day . as wierd as he is im baffled . so many people must ask him every day but maybe if i bought his food he would nt be as upset getting asked again . newline newline the next day tragedy struck the world . people all over the globe were getting sick . weeks go by , more sickness and no clue what if happening . everyone starts praying to their god . soon enough people are dying because of mutations in the sickness . different people different changes . i m starting to think about the old man again and how lucky he is . newline he doesnt have to worry about heaven or hell , hos life was perfect . newline newline a month goes by i wild assume he has died by now . the elderly seemed to receive the sickess the fastest and die first . who still has not made any progress on a cure . ive fallen ill myself now . my scarred body , i am aching , my skin burns . i know ai am going to die soon . one day though , the old man showed up at my door ! newline newline  how ya doing young man ?  , he asked with cheer in his voice ? newline newline  why are here ? and who are you ?  , i said with such haste it surprised even me . newline newline even with my rude demeanor , he was still able to smile and say ,  oh i think you know me quite well !  he walked past me and sat down on my couch.  for your information i do have one scar . but it just make be too much for you to see .  he began to smirk . newline newline  i am dying ,  i replied ,  you already know that i am curious about it just help me have some peice of mind before i die !  newline newline he laughed out loud shaking my room .  fine but remember this is to help you relax with piece of mind !  when he unbuttoned his shirt all i could do was stare . for he did not lie he only had 1 scar . but the horric scene was unsettleing . he had no heart just and empty scabbed up hole where it was .  it is gone because i made the biggest lie of them all , the one that would define the worlds ending , and undoing !  newline newline stammering in fear i only had 1 response ,  convincing the world that you didnt exist , satan ? ? newline newline  bwahaha !  his voice shook the house this time !  poor humans you all think that i have to try and hide when in all reality ,  he laughed again spliting open my scars ,  a few centuries back all i had to do was find 12 people and tell them there was another option ! newline newline my heart stopped and the laat ai remember is his blurry shadow against my wall . his outline is nt human anymore though . it s ungodly ... .. newlinei should be dead . newline newline i remember it so clearly . the light turned green . i accelerated . i did nt see the truck . they did nt see the red light . there was a crash and a blinding light all in one . i was dead . newline newline or i should have been anyways . newline newline i crawled out of the shattered car and the world was slow around me , and everything had a sort of an ethereal sense about it . was this this the afterlife ? or was i just in some kind of liminal plane of existence , somewhere between life and death ? newline newline i saw her and it all made sense to me . near the street corner , a shining figure with long blonde hair and a soft white face illuminated the black night , but no one would looked at her . any onlookers were just looking at the terrible crash . but i saw her , and i saw her before , or i thought i did . on my 11th birthday , when i was choking on that toy in the wonderball , i remembered seeing her . i thought i was crazy . then again when i was 18 and i accidentally electrocuted myself changing a light bulb , she was there . at age 26 i got so drunk i fell into a pit at a construction site , i thought for sure i was dead , but she was there , and all i had was a concussion . newline newline it had all been so fuzzy and muffled before , but now at 31 , i can see this angel on earth clearly . so many near death experiences in my life , this was the best chance i would ever get to thank her . i quickly walked over to her and she carried a shocked and slightly anxious expression on her face as i approached . newline newline  you are my guardian angel . my savior . i would be dead without you . i just have to thank you .  i told her . newline newline  uhh yeah do nt mention it ...  she stammered ,  could you maybe try to be a little more careful from now on , you ve been coming really closed for a while now .  newline newline i was confused . this was nt the greeting of love and joy i was expecting . i was waiting for her to tell me that she is actually the spirit of my great , great grandmother , or a lost soul mate i never got to meet . newline newline  so , while i have you here , i have to ask . why do you keep saving me ?  i did nt want to sound too ungrateful so i followed ,  not that i mind , obviously ! i m so happy to continuous be alive , but are you doing this for some grander purpose , or out of a deeper love for me ? what is it ?  newline newline  oh boy ... this is awkward ,  the angel replied ,  i have a boyfriend .  newline newline  what ?  newline newline  okay , yeah , sorry . that just slipped out .  newline newline if i was confused before , i was completely shocked now . this person seemed less like a guardian angel and more like a high school girl who consistently misquoted marilyn monroe on her facebook statuses . newline newline  what are you talking about ?  i asked . newline newline  sit on the curb here , let me explain everything ,  she took a deep breath and began , newline newline  when someone dies , whether in the womb or in the world or whatever , their spirit is ascended into the above world , and they can either have a tranquil peaceful afterlife , or if they were not a good enough person in life , they can make up for their sins by becoming a guardian angel , hence why i m here . newline newline often times guardian angels do fall in love with the spirits their protecting , or feel some sense of familial love for them , but with you , i just do nt feel any sort of way . newline newline let me elaborate , i was assigned to protect you from when you were 5 years old , and i was ecstatic ! you seemed like such a cute little kid and i thought we would have a great future together ... but then you just became so obnoxious . newline newline as i watched you grew , i did nt see you becoming a productive young man , but i saw you growing into more and more of an idiot . i was disappointed when you spent your high school life sitting in the library and watching anime , but i knew you could still grow out of it . then you got to college and just shitposted on web forums all day until you started failing classes , and that is when i lost faith in you . newline newline now , i feel like i m constantly saving you all the time and it just makes the whole thing worse . i mean come on , dude , it s time you get a grip on reality .  newline newline  i ... i do nt get it ,  i said ,  if you do nt like me so much , why not just let me die ? are you really obligated to save me ? newline newline  not liking you so much means letting you die is the last thing i want to do . it s bad enough watching you live from a distance , but if you die , i ll be stuck with you for an eternity , understand ?  newline newline i understood now . my guardian angel was nt saving me out of for pure love or because of some greater destiny i had to fill , but because i was so dislikable that she would rather me live until i was 140 than die and see her in eternity . newline newline  i ... understand ...  i muttered . newline newline  good !  she said ,  glad we got that all sorted out . so in a few hours you ll wake up in a hospital bed , and you ll have a totally new perspective on life ! and please , just stop with the stupid shit , got it ?  newline newline i nodded . newline newline  and one more thing ,  she said ,  if you ever even think about committing suicide , i will kill you .  newline newline with that , the figure disappeared , and i miserably returned to the scene of the car crash . newline newlinei love lying next to her . she is so kind , so soft and warm . she took me in when no one else would . she fed me , gave me shelter and unconditional love . even the things i fought , like the doctor , she only did from caring and love . i know that . she s had a hard time , so have i , but she forgets her needs and makes mine her utmost priority . but her neck , her lovely , lovely long neck , is so beautiful . she rolls a bit in her sleep , exposing it a bit more . she is kind , but the hunter in me needs satisfying . my fangs sink into her neck , and my long , sharp claws scrape along her throat . the blood is very satisfying . i am worthy of a higher status than a lion or a cheetah . i have killed a prey that thought she needed to rescue me in order for me to survive . little did she realize , she was the one that needed to be rescued .john was a pretty smart guy . he knew there are no ghosts and no carma because there is no soul , at least not in the sense most people think of when they hear the word soul  . he was nt religious , but every time he caught an evangelist on tv , he stopped clicking through the channels , and for a few minutes admired him or her . he watched their expensive watches and suits . he envied their air of self confidence , and their apparent ability to make money out of thin air just with their tongues . newline newline the car he got out of was well under his means  a second hand subaru . but it was a powerful , reliable , beautiful machine , and he paid for it entirely with cash . john was nt the type to buy a flashy sports car , nor did he care that someone else had used it . he planned on buying a bmw when he advanced in his career , because of the prestige that would bring him . on his wrist was a 2500  omega , not because john enjoyed spending that 2500  , but because it showed that he can afford spending 2500  for no practical purpose . newline newline he went into the coffee shop , and passed a chubby woman reading her horoscope . he knew people reading horoscopes were stupid , but he was smart enough not to tell them his opinion . newline newline he asked for a coffee . black of course , no cream or sugar . and then he saw her . she wore her hair in an unusual color , she had a big tattoo from her neck , going down to her arm , maybe detouring to her back . she was peeling an orange while reading a book , and drops of juice occasionally stained the pages . newline newline he was getting late for a meeting . he hesitated . newline newline hi , i m john .  newline newline                newline newline point out errors , i m trying to improve my english sorry sir  the third aid that week said timidly , her head was just poking around the door .  but the head of the national park service is here to brief you on the removal of the slime from the monuments around town . she s ridi  newline newline  ca nt you see i m busy here ? and what are you even talking about ? monuments ? these monuments are minuscule to my huge deeds . i ve got better , bigger plans for monuments and those are nt even properly leveraged .  newline newline  sir ?  newline newline  you know what ? we should just let them crumble , they are nt making us any money .  newline newline  i ll tell her to go away sir .  says the aid backing out of the room and pulling the door closed . newline newline the president continues without noticing his audience has vanished .  bunch of antiamerican hippies , they wo nt sell my new book in their gift shops . if only they would let me charge admission to the national monuments we could make this nation great ag  only to be stopped mid rant by being peppered with flying shards from the inward explosion of the offices double doors . newline newline  shut up you pompous windbag  she barked as she road her horse into the oval office . it was slow going because in all the mess were legos and not even horses like walking on them . newline newline  my security is the better than ninjas and cheaper too !  the wide eyed president proclaimed and he then yelled  security !  nothing . happened . except the grin on the rangers face grew . panicking now he screamed at the top of his lungs  security !  which startled the horse but brought no one running . newline newline dismounting she growled  quit your yapping . just like when the cia assassinated jfk , the secret service ca nt save you now . those wusses know they do nt measure up to a three letter agencies like the national park service . now sit down we have nt much time .  newline newline  what is wrong with your horse ? it looks like it s melting , my wife knows all about horses she s ridden them on several occasions , they were huge . it s leaving a mess , it s so typical , you better clean that up , i m call my  newline newline turning to her horse she could see he was right . her horse had collapsed and was startling to puddle on the floor . reaching out to her horse she saw her own hands were turning gooey too . newline newline collapsing to her knees as the room started to sag she moaned  it s too late . bricksburg is doomed . march 3 , 2017 newline newline secretary of state newline 1600 pennsylvania ave nw , newline washington , dc 20500 newline newline newline dear madam secretary , newline newline newline i hope my letter finds you well . this letter has been sent to confirm that my office has formally received and processed the present  s letter requesting to receive periodic economic updates on the state of house of representative  s latest economic stimulus bill intended to boost the united states economy and to avert recession . we have successfully formed a committee of 11 members to monitor and review its progress and to release official publications from the federal reserve to the press . in addition i shall , at the president  s request , delivery personal memos citing economic recommendations as we transition into q2 . newline newline newline regards , newline janet yellen newline chair of the board of governors of the federal reserve system newline 20th street and constitution avenue n.w . newline washington , d.c. 20551 newline p :  202  9747008 newline e : janet.yellen  us.gov newline newline dbnr newline newline  newline newline april 4 , 2017 newline newline secretary of state newline 1600 pennsylvania ave nw , newline washington , dc 20500 newline newline newline dear madam secretary , newline newline newline please deliver to the president of the united states this letter containing a summary and analysis of the economic state of the united states of america . newline newline the initial stimulus has been disseminated . it has had the initial expected effect of producing a marked rise in the rate of inflation by 2.4  . this is due to the printing and borrowing of money needed to finance the economic stimulus in the shortrun . economic analysis committees have projected that based on census data , national birth rates and retirement statistics , 688 billion usd would be needed for 2017 q1  q4 . the borrowing of this has acted to weaken the us dollar globally . this however is expected to be offset by a subsequent rise in gdp , business investment , and net exports . newline newline newline regards , newline janet yellen newline chair of the board of governors of the federal reserve system newline 20th street and constitution avenue n.w . newline washington , d.c. 20551 newline p :  202  9747008 newline e : janet.yellen  us.gov newline newline dbnr newline newline  newline newline june 22 , 2017 newline newline secretary of state newline 1600 pennsylvania ave nw , newline washington , dc 20500 newline newline newline dear madam secretary , newline newline newline please deliver to the president of the united states this letter containing a summary and analysis of the economic state of the united states of america . newline newline the initial stimulus is currently in phase 2 . as predicted higher overall national spending has led to an increase in gdp and private sector investment as younger markets tend to spend more than their older counterparts instead of saving for the future . this is acted to increase the national gdp and has lifted the strength of the dollar overseas . the federal reserve has also instituted a step policy by which the stimulus packages are being released in batches in order to throttle inflation and prevent a glut of money supply in the markets . there have been reports of increases in litigation as some parents attempt to hold in trust the stimulus on behalf of their children , some against their wishes . these are isolated and not expected to increase . newline newline newline regards , newline janet yellen newline chair of the board of governors of the federal reserve system newline 20th street and constitution avenue n.w . newline washington , d.c. 20551 newline p :  202  9747008 newline e : janet.yellen  us.gov newline newline dbnr newline newline  newline newline september 22 , 2017 newline newline secretary of state newline 1600 pennsylvania ave nw , newline washington , dc 20500 newline newline newline dear madam secretary , newline newline newline please deliver to the president of the united states this letter containing a summary and analysis of the economic state of the united states of america . newline newline the initial stimulus is currently in phase 3 . the overall positive effect of the stimulus has been retarded by the wealth redistribution caused by the olderbiased workforce . while the initial spending of the youth demographic acted to bolster the economy in terms of an overall rise in gdp , because of the disproportionate wealth to income  most are outside of the workforce , unemployed , or in jobs making less that 15,000 usd per year  , this demographic overall has not had the ability to sustain its high level of discretionary spending for any prolonged period of time . most notably , when the stimulus package has been exhausted , the wealth returns to their older counterparts who possess the skills and knowledge to provide the good and services that the younger markets were initially paying to own and use . this older demographic is more inclined to save overall and reduce the money supply recirculating . forecasts indicate that within a few economic periods the economy will return to its prestimulus state . newline newline newline regards , newline janet yellen newline chair of the board of governors of the federal reserve system newline 20th street and constitution avenue n.w . newline washington , d.c. 20551 newline p :  202  9747008 newline e : janet.yellen  us.gov newline newline dbnr newline newline  newline newline december 18 , 2017 newline newline secretary of state newline 1600 pennsylvania ave nw , newline washington , dc 20500 newline newline newline dear madam secretary , newline newline newline please deliver to the president of the united states this letter containing a summary and analysis of the economic state of the united states of america . newline newline gdp has fallen back to prestimulus levels as businesses are experiencing an economic downturn due to the absence of its previously bolstering young market demographics . businesses are selling off excess latent capital previously needed during the higher demand of the early part of the economic stimulus and instituting layoffs due to the decreased demand and production . it was the federal reserve  s policy to suggest repayment of the national deficit during the times of higher gdp which has nearly offset the borrowing for the stimulus . the federal reserve will be lowering interest rates in the coming months to encourage spending and prevent another recession . newline newline newline regards , newline janet yellen newline chair of the board of governors of the federal reserve system newline 20th street and constitution avenue n.w . newline washington , d.c. 20551 newline p :  202  9747008 newline e : janet.yellen  us.gov newline newline dbnr newline newline  newline newline this is wholly a work of fiction and does not represent the fed or it  s monetary policyjack woke up to the pungent smell of marijuana . sweat beads were dripping from his forehead as he got up to burn some incense and turn down the heat . newline newline newline  god knows why anybody would turn the heat up in the middle of the night  he muttered under his breath . he d been living with sammy for a few months now , and he had been nothing if not a pain in the ass . there was food all over the kitchen floor , dirty dishes everywhere , and the apartment reeked . when sammy first moved in jack had explicitly said he did nt mind him smoking the apartment as long as he made sure the place did nt reek like some burnout s bachelor pad . he was up to here . newline newline newline newline jack turned down the thermostat which was set to some ungodly temperature . he laid back down on his bed but heard a shuffling . newline newline newline  sammy , what in god s name are you doing in my room in the middle of the night ?  jack said exasperatedly . the shuffling continued . the floorboards creaked underneath the stained carpet . newline newline newline he heard a faint moaning . that was new , sammy was certainly less of a nerd than him , but he had nt ever brought anyone back to the apartment . newline newline newline jack sighed , the prospect of trying to fall asleep through the moaning did nt thrill him . newline newline newline the moaning got closer and deeper in pitch . jack had to admit that he had nt considered the fact that sammy might be gay . this brought up a whole new host of problems , like how to ask him to quiet down his lovemaking without appearing homophobic . newline newline newline his worries were interrupted by fear as terror clutched his entire being . he scrambled back up his bead with his back against the wall . he was panting . he knew that what he had seen simply was nt real . and yet he could make out the squirming of a tentacle , illuminated by the neon lights from outside . newline newline newline   i am burning alive in here   said the darkness around him , a deep sickly voice . it made jack s hair stand on end . newline newline newline   how does he lack the common courtesy of spaying some fucking febreeze ? and i can barely stand to leave this room without getting his crumbs on my tentacles .   the voice spoke again , it seemed angry . newline newline newline  wwwhat is this ? iis this ssomesome sorta joke ?  jack stammered back . newline newline newline it is said that each person on god s green earth will either instinctively fight any given unknown threat or run from said threat . jack knew in this very moment that he was no fighter , and never would be . newline newline newline   i do not like to joke . i can not stand sammy , he has to go .   the voice said . newline newline newline his fear slowly melted away as his halfasleep mind processed what he had just heard . he was incredulous . he was astounded . most of all , though , he was happy . he had just found an ally in the lesser of two evils . testudo !  captain sylo barked . newline newline the mass of recruits hesitated for a second before closing ranks . another brief moment of fumbling ensued before everyone raised their shields to cover the front and top of the formation . newline newline  too late ! the damn imperials mowed you all down with a volley of arrows !  the officer screamed .  front leaning rest position , move !  newline newline  sir , aye aye , sir !  the men and women laid down their shields and spears and dropped to the ground . newline newline  down , up !  sylo performed a perfect pushup . newline newline the troops followed .  one , sir !  newline newline  down , up !  newline newline  two , sir !  newline newline that was the first minute of the first hour of the first day of training .i ve wasted myself . i ve spent years doing thisthis game of cat and mouse . it amazed me how mysterious he was , how immovable , how stoic . i wondered about him , how he did it . what was his secret ? i had taken so much from him , i did things that would make any other person go insane , become like me . i have been doing everything in my power to break him , break his family , hell , even get him to crack a damn smile once in a while . but he stood tall . i guess i admired him , i wondered how he did it , his pure unrelenting passion . i ve been told i have the same passion . i guess its harder to control . but now , i ve succeeded , i broke him . i have always talked about what happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable object . but he is not immovable . he is surprisingly mortal , i do nt know why i m so surprised . it was my goal , my dream , and yet i m left wanting more . i broke him , and he killed me . it s what i wanted . nothing more , nothing less . i feel like a kid who just solved the mystery of santa claus . i finished the puzzle , but at a price . the magic s gone , the longing , the ambition . i did it . i broke the bat . but why , is nt it funny ? why would you throw your life away like this ?  she asked , calm as always . eyes narrowed , scrutinising every infinitesimal change in my expression for some sign that i was changing my mind . i tried to keep my expression blank as i searched for the words to answer . far below me , the water was dark and swirling . intimidating , or inviting  i was not sure which at this point . newline newline  i just i i can  t explain this . i can  t make you understand . you  ve never done anything irrational in your life ! everything you do it  s it  s calculated , it  s meticulously planned out . you can  t imagine why i would do this , not because you think it  s wrong , because you  ve never done anything spontaneous or reckless or you  ve never done anything ! you can stand there , judging me , but really you know  newline newline  that everything i  ve ever done was predetermined ?  newline newline  no ! that  s not what i meant . i mean everything has just been planned out for you already . you don  t know what it  s like to question everything around you , and you  ve never stopped to consider why !  i could hear myself shouting now , but i wasn  t sure i was angry at her or myself . newline newline  have you ?  she shot back instantly ,  why do you think we  re so different ? you see this one outcome as the only option . you talk about acting irrationally , spontaneously , and yet i know you  ve been planning this moment for weeks , thinking over every detail.  she stepped forward , hand outstretched , but i backed away instinctively .  you worry that i know you better than you know yourself.  newline  you don  t know me !  again , i was shouting . newline newline  really ?  she asked , eyebrows raised in mock surprise ,  i know that you don  t know who you are without me . i know that you lie awake at night , just wondering why you  re so different to everyone else . i know that you pride yourself on being able to see every situation from every angle , but you  re so completely singleminded that you can  t see this one scenario from anyone else  s perspective.  for the first time that evening , a flicker of emotion crossed her face . her eyes betrayed her as they pleaded with me , but her tone remained unchanged as she said ,  do you know what will happen to me if you go through with this ?  newline newline i did know . although i was not going to admit it at that moment , i knew what would happen to her . i cursed myself for letting her come with me . although nothing she  d said could have changed my mind , somehow her presence was enough to make me doubt everything . i stepped back from the cliff edge . her mouth moved into an almost imperceptible smile . newline newline  you  re not real.  i said , as we made our way back down to the car park . newline newline  i know.  newline newline  why are you here ?  i asked , sighing . of course , i knew the answer . in a way , i  d invited her . newline newline  you tell me . you  re the one who chose not to take his medication today.  newlinethere was that old scent of wasting bodies and fleeting memories . the air felt thick as it does for departure . at the bed the creases made long shadows and it was comfortable and for that she was at least thankful . newline newline newline he was dying and his face was pained and hurt . the lines on his face were deep and they sunk more as the life evaporated . they were alone then and but for the doctor outside , they would be alone for a long time . she would be alone for a long time . newline newline newline hate and discrimination had marred their lives . she stroked his hair and felt how thin and wispy it was . long ago it was thick and full . that was back when they were threatened and people hurled insults among other things . newline newline newline those who were nt soulmates were not meant to be . they had defied it then . there is a strength of youth and when it is multiplied with love , there is hardly anything that can stop it . nothing could have stopped them then . but the consequences of then had caught up to now . newline newline newline she was crying . everything was dry , it always seems so dry in death , and her tears vanished into the sheet . he held her hand and turned his head . the respirator made a noise of overwork . newline newline newline  do nt ,  he managed . newline newline newline  i should be with you ,  she said . newline newline newline grief was something diminished in this world . its potency had come at her and she could not bare it anymore . newline newline newline  you must ,  he said .  you must live .  newline newline newline she squeezed his hand . there was a comfortable silence and memories danced their swan song , the last time they would be untainted and truly , completely joyous . newline newline newline she remembered their youth and life together . the question of soul mates always arose . deep down they knew they were not soul mates . deep down they believed that all to be bullshit . what had grown , so subtly among the turmoil of society , was something more than a soul mate . there were no words then and there were no words now . newline newline newline she looked up at him . his eyes were closed and her heart raced and those thoughts took their bowed and went away in the forever of mourning . newline newline newline  not yet ,  he said .  just thinking . dreaming a bit .  newline newline newline  i love you ,  she said . newline newline newline  me too .  newline newline newline there was quiet but it was nt really quiet . who can really convey what that time is , what really goes on ? they sat in silence but the bonds of a long life worked , and there was a battle of emotion as they slowly pulled apart . a chaos of fear and sadness gripped them both and a silent noise , the shriek of imminent loss , pierced their ears and went into their thoughts . there was no quiet . but it was quiet . newline newline newline  i think it s time ,  he said then .  i know i always have to ask permission .  newline newline newline  you fool ,  she said but she was crying and laughing . newline newline newline  the dreams are nt just dreams now . i m slipping . sleeping . it s really something you should see .  newline newline newline  i should ,  she said . newline newline newline  you must live ,  he said .  you will see it one day . it s coming now though . i think i have to go .  newline newline newline she looked down and the tears fell clear and dry . her nose was dry . everything was dry . she nodded her head . newline newline newline  go ,  she said . newline newline newline it happened like how it often does . he closed his eyes and they remained closed . there was no announcement but for her heart breaking suddenly and then she squeezed him and he would not respond . newline newline newline  no ! no ! no !  newline newline newline the doctor came in and he was not trained in comfort . it was rare that nonsoulmates were together . it was all new to him . newline newline newline she continued on and looked at him and though he was peaceful , her world was shattered and gone in a way that would never come back . it was all bullshit they had thought when they were young . now she thought it was completely true . she felt as if she too was dead . hey , you really should nt be getting drunk . it ca nt be good for your hands .  newline newline i did nt want to hear her . or maybe i just did nt want to see her . newline newline probably both . actually , i just did nt want to remind myself  to remind myself to regret . newline newline  look , you re already out of whiskey ! do nt reach for the vodka , that s a cheap brand .  newline newline i did nt care . ethanol is ethanol . same kind i ve been drinking for three years . i lifted myself off the recliner and to the bottle across the room . newline newline one step at a time , one step  newline newline  i told you not to drink , you ca nt even walk straight .  newline newline i held back in my vomit as i struggled to stand . my hand groped around for support before it grabbed onto the kitchen counter . newline newline  please be careful .  newline newline with a heave i tried to raise myself before my hand slipped  my hand knocking over a stray shot glass . newline newline alcoholthinned blood and glass lacerations . not a good combo . newline newline  oh no  no no no . there s bandages in the bathroom , where they ve always been .  newline newline no , i could nt get up . i was too drunk , tired , and depressed . newline newline my blurred vision set onto my bloodied hand . my left hand . not often you find lefthanded surgeons . i was such a promising doctor too . newline newline how many patients ? hundred at least . everyone still seems to think i m the doctor though . a legendary surgeon . bullshit . newline the blood ran down my hand , coalescing around my ring finger . around my engagement ring . newline newline  please , please , please get up .  newline newline no , i just could nt do it . i rested my head against the cabinet handles . actually , my hands remind of when i murdered my first patient . so much blood , and so much fear . it was such a long time ago . i still remember . but i do nt remember the time . i do nt remember the day . i do nt even remember the hospital or the assistants . i only remember , that when her heart stopped , so did mine . newline newline i looked up . no point in avoiding a ghost . newline newline  do nt try to remember from three years ago ! forget about my dad ! i was too far gone ! please , please , fix your hand first . newline newline we can sort out everything else later . please ... it was nt your fault , do nt try to remember . it was 27 stab wounds !  newline newline ah , that s the age when my heart stopped . newline newline  you were nt even at the hospital at the time ! i would nt have made it in an ambulance either ! please , just move on !  newline newline oh yeah . the tools i had at the time were a dinner knife and a fork . newline newline  pplease .  she started crying . the ghost started crying . if she could hold onto something , she probably would ve held onto me . like she usually did . newline newline  i love you . i love you so much . so please , move on .  newline newline huh . so please  is what she said to me that day . her last words . i could feel the tears running down my cheeks . newline newline  so please , live for me .  newline newline yeah . i remember everything . she was the only patient to die under my scalpel . her diagnosis was 27 stab wounds to the chest , abdomen , and throat . the time was 13:00 . three years ago , i saw her bigot father run through the church and mutilate her . he was nt even invited . if she was nt his baby girl then no one can have her .  i tried to save her , but all i had were the wedding utensils and a couple of gaping wounds . newline newline my phone rang . it was one of the nurses .  doctor , there s an emergency patient . there s no doctors onsite   newline newline  sorry nurse . i m drunk . cassy laid spread on the table , on a plate that was more the size of a grave . covered in exotic spices , and a salad that i actually wouldn  t mind taking a bite of , she curled her back and balanced on her head to look back at me . the apple in the mouth was my favorite part . newline newline she took a bite . crunching and chewing loudly , the way she knew i hated . the apple fell out and fell onto the table .  this is bullshit ,  she said .  i mean as far as revenge goes , sure . but you can  t seriously be planning to eat me.  newline newline i let out a drawn out sigh . great , so we  re talking now , i thought . newline newline cassy beat her heals against the table , the tight bacon wrapping forced them to harmonize . she was a thief , a liarbut those walked hand in hand , didn  t they ? and the reason for my brother  s death . the latter being why she  s tied up and glowing like a slow roasted pig . we hadn  t gotten to the roasting quite yet though . newline newline  i didn  t exactly plan this ,  i said my expression growing dark . beat , i said beat , i thought . not that it mattered now , the narration was moving . soon , i  d actually have to do it thankfully cassy was bony . not much meat on her . i gagged , thinking about it . newline newline  tell me , cassy ,  i started , summoning my hatred ,  when you sent him those texts , did you feel anything at all ?  newline newline  what do you want to hear ?  she asked and shrugged , a tomato that balanced on her shoulder rolled down her neck .  there  s the truth and there  s , well , the thing you want to hear . the truth is that you blame me , so that there  s at least someone.  newline newline  i saw his phone.  i bashed my fists against the table , standing . she didn  t flinch . her hands weren  t shaking . this must have been a display of my family  s madness to her . she didn  t think i  d actually do it . and she  d be accurate , if the narrator didn  t fuck this up for me i suppose more for her than me . not the one about to get eaten ! newline newline she bit her lip . finally there was something in her eyes apart from boredom .  did you show anyone ?  newline newline  no.  newline newline straightening her back , she lay flat .  he wasn  t sick , he was weak ,  she said coldly . newline newline  you  re more fucked up than i am.  i sat back in my chair , resting my head on the back . i felt lost in time and space , far beyond reason and help . there was a gaping hole in my gut , and after today it would just grow bigger . i made peace with that . she was a monster and had to be put down like one . newline newline  you have me tied down with bacon , i think you win.  newline newline  just shut up.  newline newline  untie me , lea.  newline newline  can  t.  newline newline  untie me !  she smacked her shoulder on the table , salad falling to the floor . struggling , she lifted her legs , trying to pry them free . newline newline i stood , and took the knife . scrapping the blade against the table so she  d hear it .  i wanted things to be different.  i shrugged . newline newline  what are you doing ?  she cried .  no ! stop !  newline newline i pressed the blade against her neck , and pushed until i felt her skin pop below it . blood spattered on my face . cassy screamed .  was nt my idea !  newline  virgin snow   newline newline the snow crunched beneath simon s feet and crunched again beneath becky s as she walked through his tracks . she struggled to keep up with his pace . little gray clouds of mist appeared from her mouth and nose as he pulled her along . newline newline simon stopped and looked around , first at the bare trees that surrounded them , then up at the sky , then off in the distance . he let go of becky and took hold of the rifle from where it was strapped to his shoulder . he was silent for a moment . newline newline  what is it ?  she asked . newline newline  i think this is far enough .  he turned his head to look back at her .  have you been staying in my tracks ? it wo nt work if it realizes there s more than one person .  newline newline  yes , i have .  newline newline  good . sit down on that log . i ll be hiding over there .  he pointed to a fallen tree and then to a nearby copse .  hopefully this wo nt take too long .  simon turned again and walked away , carefully stepping in the patches of ground where snow had already melted . newline newline becky took a deep breath and pulled her coat more tightly around herself . she realized she was shaking . simon stopped and turned toward her again . she looked so small in that coat and those boots , and her shaking made it look like she was shivering in the cold .  relax , love ,  he said .  just make sure to position yourself so it s in between us . just like we practiced . alright ?  newline newline she shivered for a few more seconds and looked down at her feet . newline newline  alright ?  newline newline  alright .  she turned and walked over to the fallen tree . newline newline by the time simon disappeared in the copse , becky had already taken her position . the dead tree s wood felt cold beneath her , and it creaked whenever she moved . the fact that simon was invisible made her nervous . she had a good idea where his shot would be coming from , but anything less than absolute certainty was cause for alarm . she would just have to trust him . newline newline hours passed . a cold breeze picked up . the forest became a little brighter , but the sky remained a bitter , indifferent gray . the log becky sat on didn  t get any warmer . newline newline it was strange , she thought , that she was only realizing now how completely ludicrous this was . there was no unicorn here . there were nt any anywhere . what had she been thinking for the past month ? why did she let him take her here ? newline newline a cold gust of wind hit her again , and she discovered that she was coming out of the daze she had been in for the last half year . she had every right to be angry that simon did nt trust her . why could nt he believe her , if he said he loved her so much ? henry had fessed up to everything . it was all a mistake . all of it . she would never do that to him . not on purpose . newline newline she pulled her coat around herself again and remembered how withdrawn simon had been afterward , how he stopped mentioning how he wanted to marry her . until he started to talk about siberian unicorns and medieval legends . until he was filled with a determination that almost scared her . scared her enough that she did nt think to argue when he dragged her on series of planes , busses , and trains to a tiny village where no one spoke english and no foreigners had visited since the cold war . newline newline for the first time in a while , becky felt awake . she stood up .  simon !  she called .  simon , i  behind her , she heard a heavy step on the snow . she gasped and spun around . newline newline the unicorn was nt as big as she had imagined . from the way simon had talked about it , she thought it would be huge , giant almost . this was nt much bigger than a regular horse . what made it distinct was its white coat . everything else in the forest was covered in wet spots , dirt , or mud . the unicorn shone a pristine , reflective white . its horn looked sharp , and its eyes were big and reflective . newline newline it looked startled . becky froze where she stood and tried to take deep breaths . around them , the wind stopped , and a heavy silence settled throughout the forest . the unicorn took a tentative step toward her , its hoof crunching in the snow again . becky spread her arms out , and the unicorn seemed to relax . it paced over to her and gently placed its snout on her shoulder . she reached up to put a hand on its neck and gently stroked back and forth . it felt soft and warm beneath her hand . the unicorn nuzzled closer . newline newline the loud crack of the rifle broke the silence . the unicorn reared up in pain , and becky screamed . red blood stained the ground when the unicorn collapsed , its breathing heavy and irregular . the wound just above its front leg had nt yet killed it . newline newline simon ran out from the trees , appearing from a different direction than the one he walked off . he was putting a second bullet in the rifle s barrel .  move away !  he shouted to becky . she did nt move . simon shot the unicorn again , causing it to wrench on the ground before it stopped moving completely . more blood seeped out onto the snow . newline newline becky s hand covered her mouth . simon stood staring down at the unicorn s body .  good thing i had time to move before it noticed something was wrong .  he looked up at becky as she started to cry . she sat down in the snow and began to weep in earnest . he tossed the rifle on the ground .  aw , becky , i ...  he glanced back at the unicorn , its eyes still open even though it had stopped breathing .  i m sorry ...  he crouched down to put a hand on her shoulder .  i m so sorry ,  he said . hold on , i have a question : how are they drinking all that fermented stuff ? should nt they be eating fresher stuff , like brains ?  newline newline it was bewildering , really . to be honest , i do nt really know much about zombie behavior and biology , but i do remember some bits of stuff about the making of alcoholic drinks . they popped up after i decided to just let the zombies raid the beer stash . sides , they keep my dad from being a drunkard . newline newline  eat buckshot , you rotten beer thieves !  newline newline i would nt say that they kept him from being a raging man , though . newline newline anyway , alcohol . i remember them being made through fermentation , a.k.a . intentional and fancy spoiling . that alternate description for fermentation was something that sounded funny and catchy in my mind right after remembering wine being one of the things made through fermentation . and speaking of spoiling , how do zombies even take that stuff ? i mean , them eating wounded and helpless people makes more sense , but alcohol ? should nt that burn them down or something ? newline newline  haha ! should ve used your brains ! oh wait , you do nt have any ! hahaha ! burn , baby , burn !  newline newline huh . that makes sense . but that leaves me with ... newline newline  and now , time for some victory beer !  newline newline okay , back to dodging dad again ... wait . newline newline i have an idea . newline newline  ah yes , victory beer , the beer for ma  what the hell , serenity ! ?  newline newline piss dad off , all while killing zombies . two birds with one stone . or maybe several rotten and moving dumbasses with one popular and flammable chemical . newline newline i threw dad s halffinished bottle of victory beer , and its mouth landed right into a zombie s open and hanging mouth . i dodged to the side , and while i kept running , i heard the explosion of buckshot and the hissing of a chemical reaction . newline newline now , i m gon na need more alcohol and more comrades . newline newline  raid all the alcoholic drink sections !  i shouted as i approached the local supermarket , which was being raided by people , both living and rotting . newline newline i then heard a chorus of  yeah !  from the living people , followed by the hissing and burning of rotting people . newline newline indeed , for the first time in my life , love for alcohol blossomed within me . eat that , all you peerpressuring dumbasses !first , i fired the gun to see did it work . it did . a waste perhaps but you have to be sure about these things . the crack drew attention . twelve shepard s came wandering by to see the fuss . they laughed at my bare form before i shot one of them dead and aimed the revolver at the others . i motioned for them to give me their clothes . newline newline in the next few months i kept quiet while i lived with livestock , hidden from the view of others . i had killed another person in a moment of fear . i learned enough of the language they used from her before i killed her . enough to make my point . i had three bullets left . newline newline in what i assumed was september i arrived in the largest town i had found . it took me some time to work out the order of the guards but once i had it was pretty easy to make my way into the keep . i practised a few times . i always carved the rough shape of my revolver into the wood of the lord s table . it would add to the plan if everything went well . newline newline i decided it was a friday . a good time to make a go of my one plan . in plain sight i stole an apple from a street vendor . i was brought before the guards to be punished with flogging . my gun was hidden when i was placed on the plinth for my crime . as they rose the whip for the first time i turned and shot my captor in the chest . it made quite the scene . i immediately shot another guard from a distance to make it clear what i could do . i said one word ,  king  . newline newline he trembled when i placed the steel against his brow . he whimpered like some loon , sweating and cursing at his followers . they were motionless , pressed against the sides of his keep . i blew his fucking brains out . i had one bullet left . a week later i shot a jester who was nt funny . newline newline for 40 years i reigned unopposed until someone figured out the magic tool did nt kill anymore .meeting at 2pm newline newline i stared at my calender in confusion . today was march 21st , and the meeting was scheduled tomorrow . but i had no memory of the scheduling . when did i write it down ? i never wrote down anything in his calender , i had a phone to keep track of events . strange . i was at his home , and the only person that would write on my calender was my wife , but my wife does nt use the the calender either . newline newline march 22nd , 2014 newline newline sally patched through a phone call from the ceo of the company . he wanted me to come down for a meeting at 2:00 .  thomas ,  he said  do nt forget to bring the graph recordings .  the calender briefly flashes into my head . probably a coincidence ? newline newline when i got home that day , the calender was filled with little scribbles . when i looked closer , the little scribbles were events marked with time . for march 23rd , it said chad reminds you about his vacation . oh right , chad wanted some leave time with his family . but how ... ... . and on march 24th it said hal announces his retirement . newline newline march 24th , 2014 newline newline what the hell ... hal announced his retirement in front of the whole room ! and chad reminded me that he was going to leave yesterday ! is it possible the calender has some sort of paranormal power ? i had to take a closer look . newline newline when i got home , i looked at the calender . it was filled with events written by who knows . it goes on through march , april , may , all the way to september . it stops there . august is filled to the brim , but on the first day of september it s just empty . maybe it ll fill later ? newline newline august 21st , 2014 newline newline i m worried . september is still empty . newline newline august 31st , 2014 newline newline i had to check again . there is probably going to be nothing on the calender , but i had to make sure one last time . i flipped the calender to september again , and i saw two event appear . there was one at september 3rd , and one at september 25th . the one at september 3rd said : newline newline sally contacts home , concerned about thomas  disappearance .  newline newline what i saw on september 25th made my heart drop . newline newline thomas  department calls for a day off to attend his funeral . the children enjoyed watching me pluck feathers or take the cleaver to the guinea fowl s neck . on the outskirts of the capital mortar shells fired from old bunkers . we ate couscous when it was available , lobster after the rainy season and if the electricity did not give out at the palace i managed a souffl . newline newline his highness did not have his wife s refined palate . she was civil in front of guests , but none of that mattered when the country rationed butter and she could not get her brioche buns . i explained to her the recipe called for butter . an excessive amount of butter to capture the rich colors and taste . her guards knew nothing about cooking , let alone assisting me in the kitchen . trial by fire . we burned soups that s how bad it was in the beginning . newline newline i hated making fowl . i knew the young fighters from the jungles were going to be executed when they demanded i prepare fowl . newline newline how many ? i asked . newline newline four . newline newline and i knew four men would be executed in the palace courtyard after his highness read a proclamation declaring the boy s traitors to the crown , country and all the freedoms we held so dear . newline newline the children liked to watch me prepare the fowl , as though my beheading some bird were part of the festivities , holding back the mongolian hordes with my food . newline newline i tried to escape the country many years ago , when i was still a boy . it did nt turn out well and i was given a choice , die with my country men or serve the crown . at the time i did not hesitate . they let me work in the fields , picking beans . for a time i was a courier , because i could read . i watched villages burn on the horizon as i was whipped through the country by train . would they understand why i was choosing this ? to live out my days as a servant rather than in fear . it all seemed so simple . newline newline when i made biscuits or the occasional frittata on the road with my rations the guards stared in wonder . peasants themselves , only now in uniform . food and serving them made the killings in the background fade away , so i cooked for the others on top of my courier work . newline newline for myself and the rest of the peasants throughout the country the palace was not real . it was the boogeyman in our stories and it was also heavenly . we spoke of it as a royal ship when i was a boy . as a courier i was taken to the main gates at night and given my parcels and letters . the palace loomed in the dark , but i knew it watched over my every action . newline newline on the country s independence day a bomb was set off in the courtyard , the palace stables , garage and kitchen . all the staff were killed . the royal family were at another location , so they were not hurt . but it was enough to put fear into their hearts . newline newline they sought cooks from the front lines , stable hands , horses from peasants , cars from neighboring countries to act as though nothing happened . newline newline the first few weeks we who were chosen to be chefs i learned the royal appetite is fickle . newline newline no pickles . where are the pickles ? newline newline the other cooks were sent away to the stables or garage . i remained and my reputation grew . i did nothing special . i followed the recipes in the burned cook books and it was a miracle the spices in the pantry survived along with the herb garden . newline newline we hosted dignitaries from other countries who were sympathetic with our fight with the rebels . i forgot all about my past life and could see how they were disturbing our country  the rebels were . foolish i thought . why go through the trouble of destroying your own country  i began to repeat after his highness . newline newline i married a girl , a seamstress for the royal children . we had our own little girl . newline newline we were invited to sit at the royal table to host guests and i spoke about what was on the menu . they all made closedmouth sounds of pleasure as they ate . newline newline we left the country twice  once for my 40th birthday and another time to visit my dying mother in law . my wife s sister told us we made it just in time to say goodbye . i did not know the woman , but she heard of my cooking . i had a packed lunch and fed her candied yams . she called me a dog before she died , but it was hardly a whisper saved for her last breath . newline newline at the palace we were labeled rebel sympathizers , because we traveled by train to my mother in laws  home and that same week a royal supply convoy was taken over by the rebels . newline newline i had no idea what they were getting at . it was all part of the tug of war the rebels carried on with . we had nothing to do with  no , that s not right . of course we had something to do with it . we must have done something wrong . at least that s what i ve thought all these years . newline newline prepare the fowls . newline newline how many ? i asked . newline newline two or three . newline newline well which is it . newline newline i prepared three fowls that night and planned to cook them them the next morning . newline newline we were thrown out of our beds by the guards . they smashed my knees with a rifle butt or a cinder block . i could nt tell . my wife was thrown down a flight of stairs and my daughter , who was near 8yearsold , was carried out in a large pillow case . newline newline the lights of the palace courtyard were on and it was not dawn yet , but i could make out his highness at his usual place at the top of the palace balcony . his voice let out a single word : loyalty . the need for loyalty was vital . newline newline i was pleading . newline newline no , please , this is not right . we re loyal , we know what it means  i stepped forward , away from my family . newline newline bap , bap . the shots seemed muffled . the two figures were carried out , but i did not turn around . newline newline i was given a choice . for the second time i chose life . greedily . this time i was aware of what i was accepting . newline newline prepare the fowls . newline newline how many ? i asked . newline newline how many do you have ? newline newline they laugh at me now from the guard towers as i limp to the herb garden . they do not watch my quarters after dark , because i am broken . newline newline i will try to make the poison from the blooming , white flowers . either for myself or for my country . kill her  , it whispered softly into my ear . or maybe it was within my ear . i could nt tell . i tried to fight it , but i found my efforts were futile . newline newline  kill her ! now !  newline newline i produced a knife i did nt even know i had . the glint of the serrated blade caught her eye , and she turned to me . when she saw me , she gave me a questioning look and said something i could nt hear . all i could hear was the insistent  kill her  that had been resounding throughout the day . newline newline as i stepped close , i saw her face change to an uneasy look , and saw her mouth form the word ,  daddy ?  . for a moment i snapped out of it , looking at my helpless daughter . then it started to come back . this time , however , it was different . the voice seemed more benevolent . it said to me , newline newline  your daughter has become corrupted by sin . she needs to be saved .  i heard . instinctively , i knew it was god . newline newline  i will do my best to save her , my lord ,  i replied . suddenly , the  kill her  was back , stronger . my vision grew red as i stared at my daughter . i knew what had to be done . newline newline i loved her . that s why i killed her . newline  i ve thought about it . i mean , a lot .   newline newline a trio of grey squirrelgulls twisted in lazy spirals overhead , swishing their forked blacktipped tails . the coastal wind turned and caught up with the pair as they walked along the docks of the budding republic city . newline newline  not , like , a lot a lot !  sokka clarified sheepishly .  just , yknow . a lot .   like that was supposed to explain it .  i thought about what it would be like . or , really , i think about what it would have been like . i think of how i could ve fought differently against firelord ozai . i think of the lives it could ve savedi could ve savedif i was a waterbender . or even an earthbender . if you would ve asked me on the night before we attacked the firelord , there would ve been no question , no hesitation . newline newline  ... but now i m not so sure .  the pair paused in their stroll to look out at what would become the statue of aang , framed by bamboo scaffolding , beginning to take shape on a little island out in the bay .  yknow what made me reconsider ?  newline newline aang canted his head just slightly to the side . momo scrambled up from his waist and perched on his right shoulder , eyes to the sun as it began its final stretch towards the evening horizon . there were times to speak and times to listen , and while those latter times were seldom with sokka , that scarcity made such moments all the more important to be aware of . newline newline  suki ,  sokka said simply .  you take someone like herno bending , just raw practice and skill and dedication and ...  he took a deep breath in through his nose .  i never did tell you about how we escaped from boiling rock , did i ?  newline newline  no , sokka . you never did .  newline newline  well it s a good story !  sokka blurted out , posing with grand flourish :  with action ! drama ! suspense !  betrayal ! and a fight like you . would nt . believe !   newline newline sokka s poise melted , and he leaned on the dock railing , turning somber as he looked to the west .  that was when i learned what strength really is . newline newline  see , i used to think strength was being able to change something you did nt like . it s really easy to see that with bendingdo nt like that rock ? then move that rock !  sokka pointed angrily at a nearby pebble at the edge of the path , shouting ,   move , rock , move !   momo chattered in protest at the outburst , curling his tail around aang s opposite shoulder . the rock turned out to be a juvenile snakesnail , which , perturbed by all the noise , poked its crimson head out of its rough grey shell , tasting the air with a forked tongue before beginning the slow and arduous trek towards the tall grass . newline newline sokka settled back on the railing .  and then , when i trained with master piandao , i thought strength was one s ability to move with the world around them . it was nt until suki ... that i think i first began to understand what strength actually is .  newline newline momo spread his wings and took to the air to play with the squirrelgulls . sokka turned to look aang square in the eye .  strength has to come from within , right ? it s not about moving rocks or even slicing boulders with space swords . strength is nt something you measure against other people , or even the elements . strength begins inside the self . newline newline  strength is waking up every morning not just deciding to be a better person ... but doing something about it . it s walking one step farther , building one brick higher than you did the day before .  sokka looked past aang , towards the halffinished buildings of the republic city central plaza shining white and resplendent before a backdrop of snowcapped mountains .  i ve seen people use bending to make big giant buildings out of stones , or ice . toph and her students can even make them out of metal ! but strength is what makes a bunch of buildings a city . strength is when you actively work to bridge the gap between a vision and reality . when i think of strength , i do nt think of rocks or ice , or even metal . i think of people . i think of ... i think of suki .  newline newline the warrior let out a sigh .  i guess what i m trying to say is ... bending wo nt make me a better person . only i can do that .  newline newline  you already are strong , sokka ,  aang reaffirmed . newline newline  well , i dunno about all that ,  sokka managed to crack a grin .  not quite like punching rocks out of the air . or leading my own warrior brigade . or building a city ! but i guess i turned out pretty all right , doncha think ?  newline newline  i would say so .  aang mirrored his smile . newline newline  and you , big guyyou turned out okay , too , i guess ,  sokka chided , bumping the avatar s arm with his fist . momo returned from his games with the squirrelgulls and perched again on aang s shoulder , chittering and chirping .  yeah , you too , momo .  and then , without warning , sokka s smile began to falter . newline newline aang took a step closer to his old friend . newline newline sokka s shoulders sank .  man , i really ... really miss her ,  he groaned , bowing his head to hide his eyes . newline newline  i know ,  replied aang , placing his hand on sokka s shoulder .  do you love her ?   newline newline dieter looked up at mordnacht and then past her , as if spying some distant horizon . newline newline  of course . how could i not ? she s ... not perfect . she is fallible and stubborn and sometimes clumsy , her fears and hopes all mired together . she makes me want to curse , makes me want to be more than i am . she can be stoic and calm as a peaceful ocean , while other times she s a whirlwind of action , a hurricane of passion and emotions that take me along to wherever they lead . she can be as sweet as honey and as warm as the tropic sands , as cold as a freezing gale in the far north . everything about her is in flux , no two days the exact same .  newline newline   some would look at those as negative aspects .   newline newline dieter shrugged . newline newline  then they d be right , and also wrong . i love her because she s not perfect , same as i . and together we try to face the ghosts of the past and whether we succeed or fail it does nt matter , because i will have known the only person to make me feel unafraid . forever and until the end of time , i love malvina .  newlineyou do nt get it , do you ?  jim snapped , his eyes on a wild swivel . it s all about me ! it has to be ! there are too many coincidences ... too many things that just happen to match up !  newline newline he forced his shaking hands together and exhaled harshly . luke fought the urge to take a step backwards , away from the smell . newline newline do you know ,  jim whispered , how many times i ve heard someone say  oh , is nt that strange ...  , or  that could only happen to you , jim  ?  newline newline his breath had calmed , but something primal lurked behind his eyes . newline newline well i m done playing the hero . i m sick of it always being about me !  he said , finally . newline newline for christ s sake , jim  you need to get this idea out of your head ! the world does nt revolve around you ,  luke said . you are nt the only one with a story !  newline newline i m done with stories !  cried jim , sinking to his knees . i want a normal life !  newline newline luke shook his head and turned away . newline newline stories happen all the time , all around us  we just do nt stop to pay attention ,  he said , quietly , then raised his hand to indicate outside the window . newline newline every man on the street  every face you studiously ignore on every day you go out into the world  they all have stories that are being written in absent , frantic scribbles right in front of you . it might be the climax of their story , heavy with drama , or it might be their last chapter  the final paragraphs before the last full stop . there are no short stories in life , and no storytellers greater than anyone else . everyone s a writer , in the end . it s just a matter of who bothers to read it .  newline newline jim looked up , his eyes redrimmed and bloodshot . newline newline and what about me , luke ? what do i do ?  newline newline the world is your library , jim .  so house 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , and 6 ? seriously ?  the spirit asked . newline newline  technically those are addresses . the houses themselves do not have names . no need , really .  came the reply , echoing in the cavernous room called the hub . newline newline the spirit again resisted the urge to look for the source of the voice . it was bad enough learning that no religion or philosophy had imagined this afterlife : an empty , spherical room with no corners , furniture , or gravity . it was the convergence of six hallways , each radiating out of the hub in a different direction . it resembled a toy jack , except instead of being a piece of metal used in a rubber ball game , it was eternity . newline newline  and i m supposed to choose my house based on what criteria ?  it asked . newline newline  the sins of your past .  boomed the voice . newline newline  er , can you explain the sin thing a bit ? i was nt exactly a religious person before ...  the spirit looked down at its floating , translucent self .  well , before this .  newline newline  the pain and suffering that you gave and received . that will be the basis of your decision .  newline newline  great , i m stuck for all eternity with a bunch of perverts just because i had naughty thoughts about mr . peterson .  newline newline  only if you wish it .  newline newline  wait , so i m not stuck in the house of lust , or the other ...  the spirit did some quick addition .  five ... sins ? are nt there supposed to be seven ? newline newline  no ,  said the voice , and no further explanation followed . newline newline when it realized the voice was nt going to continue , the spirit spoke again .  so the houses are not about lust , or pride , or whatever the rest of them are . all right , god voice , what exactly is in these houses ?  newline newline  sinners .  newline newline  what s that now ?  newline newline  people who have given and received pain and suffering .  newline newline  so it s just a bunch of people who can never leave each other . this definitely does nt seem like heaven .  newline newline  you may choose another house whenever you like .  newline newline the spirit contorted its featureless face in the approximation of a thinking expression .  ok , let me see if i understand this . i can choose any of six houses , that are ,  the spirit looked around .  up , down , left , right , forward , and behind me . my choice is based on the pain and suffering i have given and received in my past . the houses are full of people with the same choice , and at any time any one of us may come back to the hub and choose a different direction ?  newline newline  yes .  newline newline the spirit was silent for a long minute . newline newline  is there love in any of these houses ?  newline newline  that is why they exist .  newline newline the spirit paused a moment before asking its next question .  how exactly is this different from before ?  newline newline the quiet was deafening . newline newline what could have been a smile tugged at the corners of the spirit s nonexistent mouth . it remembered the pain of always reaching for more , trying to get to a higher place in life , a further goal . it looked at the hallway below its feet , stretching onward . newline newline  down sounds like an interesting place . i never asked for any of this . newline newline my life is nt the best , but it s mine . it s normal and straightforward , maybe a bit boring , but it s mine , and however plain it is , i worked for every inch of it . i wanted to live out the rest of my days in obscurity , playing internet games and posting on the internet like an introverted stereotype . newline newline and then this guy moves in . newline newline i do nt even know his name . all i know is that whenever something good happens to him , or whenever something bad happens to him , or whenever anything happens at all , he starts to sing . which would nt be so bad if everybody did nt join in . newline newline even i joined in a few times . but while i was dancing down the middle of the street in happy abandon , singing about how he had just gotten a raise at the theater company , while some upbeat orchestra played from behind a shrubbery somewhere , i realized that my frozen pizza was probably burnt by now . and right then , i decided that i wanted out . newline newline so when i was in the middle of grocery shopping , and the music started  my ears have been carefully trained to pick out the first few chords from a mile away  i acted . newline newline now , i never go anywhere without my headphones . they cancel noise , but more importantly , play different music . i quickly slipped them onto my head , and pushed play on my shuffle playlist . newline newline the sweet sounds of micheal jackson filled my ears . i closed my eyes in relief . no music , no dancing . just me and my little world . newline newline of course , i still had to dodge the dancing shoppers , and had to use selfcheckout because the cashiers were part of the chorus . and i had to wait for ten minutes in my car , because the grand finale took up the only way out of the parking lot . newline newline but when it was all over , men and women coming back down to reality , they quickly got out of the way of my sedan as i drove out ,  smooth criminal  still playing in my ears . newline newline he had his life , and i had mine . and i was never getting tangled in his again .1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 ...  newline newline jenna counted the stairs up to her apartment , as she did everyday . the fifth floor , ten flights of stairs , eighty steps in total . the elevators in her building were too old and rundown to be trusted , and she thought if she had to use them she d truly have a heart attack . newline newline 9 , 10 , 11 , 12 , 13 ...  newline newline she focused solely on the musty steps , lined with faded yellow grip tape . keep going , keep going ... a light above her flashed and burnt out , making her jump . her heart beat a little faster as she gripped the banister . damn lighting . drawing a deep breath , jenna let go and tapped the banister . 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 . she took another breath and looked back at the stairs . where was she ? suddenly , her heart raced again . what step was she on ? what step what step what step ?  the stairwell was filled with the sound her banging heart . frustrated , she walked all the way back down to the bottom floor and started her way up . when  if  she moved , her next apartment would be on the first floor , somewhere with carpeted floors  not tile . she hated tile . newline newline jenna started counting again . newline newline 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 ...  newline newline focus , focus , focus , her mind roared . she made it to the fourth floor before her eyes wandered to the gap between the crossing stairwells , the thin space reaching to the cold ground floor . he eyes snapped up . no no no that s you fall , that s how you fall . jenna knew , she knew that this was stupid . nothing would happen because she looked down the gap between the stairs , and yet ... newline newline everything seemed to tell her to start over , to go all the way down and start again . the concierge would think nothing of it . he s likely seen her restart her walk a hundred times . he d stopped asking before she could remember . jenna stayed there , in between the only two flights of stairs  sixteen steps  in between her and her apartment and the sixtyfour steps to the ground floor . nothing would happen nothing would happen nothing would happen , she told her herself over and over . but her heart did nt slow , the heat would nt dissipate from her cheeks , her forehead . her knuckles her white , gripping her purse so tightly it felt like her nails her cutting through the soft leather . she would nt , not this time . she would nt give in . newline newline and yet ... she descended and restarted her walk . 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 ...  pardon my intrusion , but could you please turn your attention from the television and to me instead ?  a foreign voice rang out , one layered with charm , frustration , and just a little beat of heat . almost like my mum s but not quite there yet . newline newline i turned my head reluctantly . i was just getting to my seventh rerun of parks and refreation .  once i fixed my eyes on my doorstep , the sight was one to behold . it s not everyday you see an impeccably dressed gentleman , in a well pressed suit , complete with ... snow ? why is there snow ? and how the hell did he get inside my apartment ? i jolted up , and he must have noticed as he put a finger up . newline newline  tsk tsk , one second please . i can see you are both confused and angry , and that is not a combination any human can rationally think through . before you say a word , let me introduce myself . my name is lucifer morningstar , and thanks to you , hell is fucking freezing over .  newline newline  what ?  i felt my face scrunch up in a familiar motion . too used to not understanding anything i ve been doing in college . newline newline  right , that has definitely made you more confused .  he sighed , letting out a mist in the air . the man is definitely cold . he paced the room , rubbing his hands together and continued ,  i repeat , i am lucifer morningstar , and you have caused hell to freeze over because of your bloody mistake !  newline newline hell freeze over , now where was that phrase familiar ... newline newline  oh my god , lucy ! i told her that .  newline newline lucifer physically flinched .  could you please try not to put my daughter s beautiful name beside my father s ? he s really not known to answer to that name .  newline newline and that was when it all clicked . newline newline the devil was standing on my doorstep . newline newline  what the fuck ? you are the devil ?  i reached out my hand to grab the table , to prevent my keeling over .  what the hell are you doing here ?  newline newline the devil lashed out ,  i m here , because you somehow made hell more hellish ! i was only just getting used to the temperature , and now my daughter s made it colder than a witch s tit !  newline newline he took two small steps towards me , but i could feel the aura that he carried . be it whether he is the devil or not , he definitely had an unseen power around him . newline newline  and now , you will fix your mistake . date my daughter . they would nt sell him a damned jacket . he just wanted one of the jackets hanging on the wall behind the counter , but they said all of em were reserved . there was an especially stylish red parka he was pretty desperate for , but they said that one was reserved , too . so he swiped a box of something on his way out , just to spite them . and then he threw it away when he got to 5th and mission , just to spite them even more . and then he walked away . newline newline i d been watching from my usual corner . i could see the inside of the fancy consignment store , a mecca for hipsters , and i d often laugh at the outfits that rolled in and out of their display window . i could swear i d been wearing ripped up jeans and plaid for half the autumn , but now all of a sudden it was cool ? newline newline anyway , sometimes the managers would take extra stock and toss it in the dumpster on 5th and mission , and i d spend an afternoon pretending to shop as i picked delicately through illfitting lace slips and warmweather flats . it was getting colder every day , and the church bells told me it was nearly five . maybe when i d went to get a sandwich with that fiver the old man gave me they tossed the clothes . i had nt seen them do it , but it was always possible . i could tell tonight would be the first frost . when you ve been homeless for a few years , you start to feel it in your bones . newline newline so i walked over to the dumpster , and there it was . that red parka the man had spent so long eyeing earlier . i grabbed it . this mighta been the nicest piece of clothing i d ever owned . i just did nt remember them taking it out ... and i had been on the street corner all afternoon ! i only left for an egg sandwich right before 10 this morning . newline newline either way , i was the new owner of a pretty stylish parka . i pulled it on and reveled in the way my arms felt against the soft faux fur interior . newline newline the winter only got harsher , but that parka kept me warm . but one day the man came back . and he saw me and yanked me up by the hood of the parka and dragged me into the store . newline newline  so you were reserving it for this homeless cunt ?  he shouted . newline newline  hey , i take offense to that ,  i would have shouted back , if i had nt already been nearly pissing myself in fear . newline newline the managers looked pretty bewildered , too . newline newline  that disappeared off our wall the same day you came in here . i was reserving it for my roommate , jenny ... i just figured you d stole it somehow ,  said the one with gauged ears and purple hair . newline newline so hip , these two . nobody with real street smarts would wear gauges . easy way to tangle with an alley cat or end up with your earlobe gone after a tussle . newline newline they tried to wrestle the jacket from me , but i resisted . who the fuck were these guys , trying to take the only thing keeping me alive away from me ? newline newline so they had to call the cops , and i ve been in the cell waiting for a week now . they took the jacket as evidence , but they ve reviewed the security footage and must know that i ve never even set foot in that dumb store . that s what my appointed lawyer told me . newline newline that asshole was in the holding cell next to me yesterday . i guess they found out he stole some fancy soap or something . serves him right , trying to frame me ! newline newline anyway , i should get out today . the only problem is , i can see the evidence locker from over here , and that parka must be magic . cuz it s not there anymore ... the first cut . newline  the second mistake  sequel to the first cut  . newline  remorse and the modern woman  a romance bestseller .  newline  the pursuit of happiness and jane doe . newline  six weeks bush , a travel history . newline  jane doe goes to panama . newline  the angry third .  sequel to the second mistake .  newline  long pig breakdown . newline  cult of the jungle queen . newline  red tides and the modern woman . newline  reaching the top : the effective power increaser . newline  fire suppression  suppressing fire . newline  voices all around  a psychological thriller  . newline  the exit plan recurved . newline  memoirs of a murdering rebel queen , the jane doe autobiography . newlinegrady knew he was fucked right when he walked out onto his porch  three fella s with revolvers out were standing on it . he reflected that it was very bad that he had nt looked through the peephole . newline newline no one said anything . as the fella on his right started to aim at his head , he dropped his coffee and the mug slowed in mid air , and a voice like his fathers boomed in his head . blood was dripping from his right ear .  would you like to play a game ?  as the coffee formed cloud shapes he reached for the revolver aimed at his head . newline newline it felt like he was moving through mallassis but he got the gun anyway and shot the man in the face just as he d begun to gape . time sped back up as he shot the two other fella s dead . he took the money from their wallets before he stopped and looked up at the moon . newline newline  haint in the mood ,  said grady , and he went back inside .god was nt one for entrances or appearances , the stenographer decided . he was an old stoopbacked man dressed like unemployed zeus caught between a foreclosure and divorce . both beard and hair were long , shabby and grey , weathered as his grimy face . a walking stick aided his approach to the stand , gnarled as his crooked fingers and knobby as swollen knuckles . newline newline despite the rather underwhelming return of the almighty , a hush fell over the courtroom . newline newline the lord swore in post haste , though not without difficulty . vows of truthfulness to a higher power fall flat when the higher power itself is making them . god took quite a bit of glee in this , insisting that if he caught himself lying then he would be sure to give himself a stern talking to when he died . panic spread quickly at the possibility of god s death , though he put the troubled murmurs to rest with a few audible cracks his caneturnedgavel . newline newline and then the trial resumed . mostly . neither prosecution or defense were thrilled with the idea , knowing full well what devilish stereotypes they would reinforce by the proper course of their duties . both spoke to such effect , as the stenographer recorded . newline newline cross examination proved even more difficult , since it meant suggesting the fallibility of the infallible . god proved no help in this matter , either , preferring to answer questions with cryptic parables and vague challenges to the integrity of the system itself . at one point a lawyer raised an objection to leading questions , but no one was quite sure if the almighty could be lead . newline newline eventually the judge suggested , stated as a request of course , that perhaps god would like to do away with all this trial and judge the suspect himself . at that god was silent for a long time . newline newline  oh , yes . certainly . but not today . you ll all have your day in court , do nt worry .  newline newline then he smiled a cryptic smile and excused himself from the stand . newline newline during a hastily called recess , the occupants of the courthouse exchanged stories . to some he appeared as jesus christ , but to others he was allah in the flesh . some said he was followed by an entourage of animals and flowers bloomed where he walked . others still said he was completely indescribable , an amalgamation of raw energy and light and knowledge given form . in some tellings , he arrived in a stormcloud and with a flash of lightning . all stories , however , lead to the same climax : god made them intensely uncomfortable . newline newline when the trial resumed they did not call god back to the stand , nor did he make another appearance . newline newline debate erupted , as it often does in religious and legal matters alike , over what was the truth . furthermore , what should be done about it ? two sides emerged : those who wanted to publish the tale , and those who wanted to remain silent . members of the former portrayed the event as a modern day burning bush , the next ten commandments , and painted themselves as 21st century prophets . conversely , the latter said that talking like that would spark a holy war at best . newline newline small conflicts broke out at first . one man would scream obscenities at the other , who would scream obscenities back . words turned to fists . chairs flew through the air as the two factions sought to bludgeon each other in the most morally upright way possible . when someone went for the bailiff s firearm , all hell broke loose . when the police arrived to disperse the mob , someone had even started a fire by the stenographer s desk . newline newline in the end , consistent record of the event could be found , and the entire thing was declared mass hysteria . a product of the summer heat . even the stenographer s records had somehow vanished .the knife , raised above my head , is about to do the job when ... newline newline  beep beep  . my phone . who could that be ? newline newline with my free hand i raise my phone to eye level and it automatically unlocks . amazing what my new phone can do . newline newline a text message . pressing the phone to my face i open the messaging app with my nose . i know , unconventional ... but only one hand free . newline newline it s from genre . oh no ... here we go again . actionfantasy  . hmm ... this is going to be ... interesting ... newline newline suddenly , thoughts and memories rush through me and i fall to one knee as i reel , overwhelmed . i m really an alien from another planet sent here to do battle . i m very old , almost an immortal . newline newline i stand , knowing what i must do . discarding the knife i go outside to where my car is discretely parked . opening the boot  trunk  i move aside old tools of the trade until i find ... there ... the package . a long slender case . newline newline bringing it back inside i open it to remove the ancient katana . i ve had this weapon for many years . it feels comfortable to have it in my hand again , balanced . newline newline striding back into my kill area , the chap i had previously bound and gagged on the table continued to struggle and attempt to make noise . it would nt help . newline newline i knew what i had to do . newline newline raising the sword high , i quickly chopped off his head , which went rolling away . newline newline i held my arms apart and as the lightening cascaded around and through me i screamed  there can be only one !  newline newline newlinethat dusty slot machine actually worked  i just had nt known it at first . it seemed like it did nothing but eat quarters , until on that very same day , i stumbled but did nt land on the hard ground . i was floating . i flew all day and all night . i ca nt wait until that one comes back around , if it cycles that way . i d tried to fly the next day but ended up with a couple of scraped knees instead . i tried the slot machine again  and again i got nothing . the lever on the side did nt make the wheels with pictures on them spin . but i could feel a warm sensation in my knees . when i looked down , my knees were nt scraped anymore ! newline i knew i could never let anyone know about this . my parents would ve thought i was being silly and one day they d throw it out or pawn it . it s been 10 years since then . i m in college now . i ve noticed the power is given to you based on what you really want or need . looks like there s no class today  i made sure it snowed just enough .if we re going to talk romance , i ll tell you what she was nt : pretty . newline newline the first time i saw her , i immediately applied the word  skinny  to her . i try to avoid that word  it s not a positive way of describing a woman . but she was small , and there was nt much to her . it was nt the slender of a young woman , nor the fitness of an athlete . it was a hardlooking lack of fat . this was a woman who could blow away in a breeze , but would likely break my wrist if i tried anything funny . i knew from the start that i would nt find her attractive . newline newline her voice is nt very nice . while not nasal or shrill , it is at best only sort of there . she sings in a manner that , if i m honest , is a bit melodramatic and unbecoming . she laughs silently , because if she laughs out loud , it s hardly the most demure sound . instead , she ll sort of ... thrash ? when a joke is funny enough that people are falling over laughing , she will , too . but quietly . newline newline she s a sour individual . she has a sense of humor , but it s a bit on the dark end of things . i can get her to laugh  or at least smile  at some of my jokes , but that does nt mean she s very sunny of disposition . she s not . she has serious opinions about things , and does nt really care much for when she thinks people are being stupid , which tends to be quite a lot . she s touchy , and dare i say she bristles ? like a metaphorical porcupine . newline newline she wears leather coats . she wears boots with large tread and cat eyesandears . she wears a winter cap in all sorts of weather . one with jack skellington on it . she wears long skirts and tshirts that believe the neckline belongs right next to the next . she wears jeans . she wears flannel . newline newline her face is not youthful . i did nt know how much older than me she was until some time later , but she clearly had age that i did nt . not lined , but perhaps worn . she rolls her eyes , or sometimes her eyelids flutter strangely  certainly not in a manner that s all that comfortable or attractive to watch . i see it a lot with her , largely when i m trying to be funny . newline newline she dances . sinuous , deliberate , seductive , personal , spurofthemoment . i could never dance with her , because that s not how she moves . there s no room for an oaf like me to lumber around her when she answers to whatever music takes her . newline newline she writes . fantasy , with plenty of sarcastic characters around to be snide about everything . her women are selfreliant , her men handsome and takenorleft as she so chooses . she has swashbucklers and slashers and witches who make chocolate rabbits with chicken legs . newline newline she hates where she is , and ca nt leave . she does nt like what she does , but it s all that s there for her . she holds in her frustration , and wo nt share it with me . newline newline she is herself . newline newline my god , she is beautiful .he d finally done it . it took years of research and tens of thousands of dollars in equipment , but finally he d done what every archeologist dreamed of . he , dr. jonathan kantor , had found the vault beneath the library of alexandria . most people thought the entire library burned , its knowledge forever lost in time , but rumor spoke of a hidden repository of its greatest works hidden deep beneath the sands , and he d found it . with a final shove he pushed the stone block that covered the entrance aside , and rushed into the dimly lit corridor behind it . newline newline he ran along , the sound of his dusty boots on the sandstone floor echoing around him , until the hallway abruptly stopped , and before him sat a short , portly man behind a fine wooden desk , his right hand furiously scrawling away at a leatherbound journal . the man pushed his glasses up against his face and turned up to face him . newline newline  yes ?  he asked , seemly unsurprised by the sudden interruption .  can i help you ?  newline newline john stared back with a blank expression , confounded by this man  s very existence . with a shake of his head he tried to regain his composure and stammered ,  uh , yes maybe ? i  m looking for a vault.  newline newline  well you  ve definitely come to the right place for that ,  the man replied . with a sweeping of his hands he displayed the bookcases which sat behind him and grandiosely announced ,  welcome to the vault of alexandria.  newline newline john blinked . he should  ve felt more elated over his grand discovery , but this wasn  t anything like he expected at all .  who are you ?  he asked , still fazed .  how did you beat me here ?  newline newline the man laughed .  my name is victor . this is my place of residence.  newline newline  you live here ?  newline newline  yes ,  victor nodded .  i am the scribe of the library , and as such it is my duty to record the happenings of the world , just as my father did , and his father before that.  newline newline john clenched his hand in a fist and set it against his mouth .  i don  t understand ,  he said .  you record history ?  newline victor nodded again .  each of the books behind me holds the actions of a generation of humanity . my family has written each and every one of them , since the great alexander requested it of my ancestor.  newline newline  but why ? there are hundreds of people writing history books out there . why do you record the same history for nobody ?  john asked . newline newline with a shake of his head , victor smiled and said ,  history is written by the victors , they say , and so as victor lxxix of alexandria , i must continue the work of my family.  newline newline  do anyone ever read them , though ?  john asked .  the histories , that is . who are they kept for ?  newline newline  i read them , of course ,  victor explained .  occasionally i find myself forgetting some of the past , and i would nt want to find myself repeating it.  newline newline first one of these , hopefully it does nt suck ! newline newlinei still never understood how i became such a media sensation . all my life i had been studied , analyzed psychoanalyzed . i was just a normal kid growing up . well as normal as can be expected when you have this media circus slowly building . but lets start at the beginning . newline newline november 6th , 1989 . i m brought into this world kicking and screaming , my mom always said i was a fighter , point is the doctors take note of my eye color for the record and lo and behold ... newline newline black . newline newline yeah , not white like the telekinetics , not yellow for the electrics or grey for mind reading or any of that shit . black , black as can be . no pigmentation of any kind . newline newline this started me down a life time of attention i did nt ask for . they studied me . they figured ,  maybe there s a bit of pigmentation there , but it s so little it can barely be seen ?  guess they though there was something wrong with me medically . newline newline nope , no eye color none . first ever . so a local interest story of the mystery kid exploded , getting national attention .  kid robbed of powers , or something new ?  people began to speculate . and the tabloids got wind of me . saying i was an alien or a demon blah blah blah . oh believe me growing up was just fun ... newline newline so come the say of my 18th birthday when anyone else would inherit their powers and get to start testing them out , me ? i m dodging media attention as best i can . they are out in full force . they got a couple of mind readers looking for me , scanning the streets . i m counting down the hours to the exact moment i was born , when my powers would have emerged . maybe when they miss their mark they will just leave . newline newline the moment comes , and i do nt feel different . i suppose i would nt i m not suppose to change at all just be able to do something . but then i head home . newline newline when i get there i see on the news they are still talking about me . newline newline  our mind readers had been hot on the heels of mr. turner as he was approaching the moment of ascension , but he managed to give them the slip as soon as it hit . now this is the first time our investigators have lost someone they were tracking , so it s rather bizarre .  newline newline mom came in the back door , wearing her gardening gloves and a confused look on her face . it was weird seeing her walk in the door instead of just appearing in the room . her being a blue eye .  umm honey , have you noticed anything strange ?  she asked me . i had told he i had nt .  oh , because i could nt get in here .  she stood there for a moment and began to panic . newline newline i was worried about her , it seemed she lost her ability , so i ran to the phone in the other room . then i heard her vanish , that small sound of air rushing from one room to another . it dawned on me .  mom !  i shouted .  come here !  newline newline i waited ... i heard her get frustrated in the upstairs bathroom .  use the stairs mom . i think i know what s wrong .  she came down , a little unsure of the layout of our house . years of teleportation will do that to a person .  okay mom , you try getting to the bathroom your way . i ll back up .  i started slowly backing away from her step by step . and soon enough , when i was about 10 feet from her . woosh ! newline newline i could shut off  peoples abilities that uh ... that was unexpected to say the least . newline newline of course that s just how all this mess began . i have nt even gotten to the dirty part . some people did nt like what i could do . it was like taking away their limbs or something . not like i could help it . newline newline the whole world was after me . but ... i was just learning to use my gift . newline newline edit : i actually want to write more , thing is i have too many ideas where it can do , the opposite of writers block . when i can get things straightened out i want to do a part 2 if people are interested . this one makes the holidays stand out more !  newline newline  hey , if it has all the days of the year , it will work . its just for scheduling work trips , julie  newline newline  i know , but you can see vacation days easier , which is important when scheduling . i ca nt have you accidentally working during thanksgiving again .  newline newline  fair point , is that everything we need here ?  newline newline  i think so  newline newline on the way home , julie wanted to drive . i might as well look at the calendar more closely , letting out a chuckle when i pull it out of the bag .  america s scenic parks , looks like i will have that window in my cubical i always wanted .  flipping through backwards i notice a nice cabin in the woods , trails leading off to adventure , snow that has never been disturbed . she was right , the holidays on the calendar were very noticeable , circled with various bright colors with each season . i finally get to january : mountains covered in snow with an amazing green forest in a little valley . on the lower spread a light blue circle surrounded the 19th , i still appreciate being named after the man . newline newline  so , martin , is that an acceptable calendar ?  she s trying to hide her smirk . newline newline  yes dear , thanks for your help .  one if by ... . shit .  newline newline paul shook his head .  ca nt fucking see ...  newline newline he squinted to try and see the lights coming from across the bay . newline newline there was definitely three lights . newline newline  so wait ... hic ...  , he said , scratching his head . as he did so , whiskey poured out from the bottle that he had in his hand , the same one that was now on his hand .  fuck damn shitty tit fuck !  , he roared , throwing the bottle to the ground . newline newline he shook his head , wiping what alcohol he could off his head .  right ... so ... one is ... sea , right ? two is ... air ... wait , how would that even fucking work ?  newline newline he sighed .  i m sure two was air , though ... and what the hell ? there s four !  newline newline he squinted again .  nope ... that s three ... ah shit , there s four again ! make up your minds , ya fukin  cunts !  newline newline he looked at the bottle on the floor . perhaps it was time for a break from the drinking . newline newline  i ll just take a nap . then i ll figure this shit out .  newline newline he peered out once more . newline newline  that s definitely four lights . four fucking lights . no ... five ... goddamnit . there are four lights !  , he roars , trying to convince himself that he was indeed correct . newline newline the flickering lights refused to obey . newline newline  fuck . time for bed .  newline newline   in the beginning , there were no worlds . newline newline there was only us , thousands or maybe millions of us , inside a sphere of light . we had understanding of each other , without having to communicate , and we had names for each other , though our physical forms were shifting and vague . nothing changed in the sphere , so there was no time . time began in the moment when the oldest left . he pushed against the boundary of the sphere before , we did not know the sphere had a boundary and as he slipped through , there was a terrifying noise and light . newline newline newline his world was the first world , and he was the first god . we could not communicate with him after he had left , but we could see him as if through a piece of glass . we watched as he grew a physical form , coalescing into a man with long silver hair , and we understood why he was called the oldest . we watched as he molded the world with his hands , stretching and moving spacetime until his world was old like him . his world was full of stars that were already beginning to go out , and planets that had watched entire civilizations bloom and die . newline newline newline we saw the power that the oldest held , saw him doing the work of creating and changing his world . on a nondescript planet with a temperate climate , we saw him guide his masterwork into existence , a species made to look like us , a species he called man . and we wanted to be like him . we began to leave the sphere and create worlds of our own . the gardener god s world grew life in every crevice . the combatant god s world was hot and brutal . when the sea god s world came into existence , it was not set in a black void , but in an infinite expanse of water . newline newline newline one thing became clear to us , the uncertain gods remaining in the sphere . the gods that had created their worlds were forever isolated , unable to perceive the others they had left behind . we watched as a species on the thunder god s world found the great cutting power and obliterated their foes , and as the thunder god worked to save her world from itself , pushing and pulling space with all her power , we hoped the others would see her struggle . but soon , the oldest god wept as his men discovered the same power , and we wept with him for a tragedy we could not prevent . newline newline newline i was one of the last ones left in the sphere . i wanted to absorb the mistakes of all the others , to understand where they had triumphed and where they had failed . i wanted to be prepared . so when i stepped through the boundary of light , i felt as if i was ready . it was dark outside the sphere , but only for a second . as soon as i passed through , i felt a great wave of pressure , and my body radiated light out into the expanse around me . the light emanated into the infinite blackness , coalescing into the galaxies and nebulas recognizable from other worlds , but also strange arrangements of elements and energy that i had never seen before . i felt powerful and weightless . newline newline newline i stood there for a minute , watching my world as it came into shape around me . i stretched out my hands the way i had seen the other gods do in the creationprocess , and saw that they were the hands of a young man . nothing happened . i moved my hands as if to conduct an invisible orchestra and still , nothing . so i began to walk through my world , picking up stars idly , letting them fall through my hands as i went . perhaps the secret to creation was somewhere else . perhaps there was a bright corner where life waited for me to come across it and shape it as i wished . but as i continued to explore , i understood for the first time the meaning of my name . i am the wanderer god . i walk on .once upon a time magic was an art . the great magicians of the time would take on apprentices who would train for a decade or more , slaving under their tutelage for the hope of one day being the next great magician . they were free from the bonds of apprenticeship only once they had made the perfect magic circle . only then could they harness the power of the mages and go off on their own . but times changed , magicians were persecuted , and few longed to toil away for the long years of study necessary . in the course of a century , magic became extinct . newline newline until lucy , age 4 , brought it back into the world . lucy was neither particularly bright nor particularly artistic . but lucy loved to draw circles . and the perfect magic circle was not a perfect circle . it wasn  t even a circle , technically . the loops and lines involved were complex , which is why it took so long to learn how to make one . newline newline they say that , given a typewriter and enough time , a monkey could write shakespeare on accident , just from randomly hitting the keys . i scoffed at this idea until my preschool classroom was transported from dreary , gray seattle to subsaharan africa . newline newline how did i know it was lucy  s fault ? how does a mother know which of her children broke her favorite lamp ? it  s always the quiet ones that you have to worry about . when we heard the roar of a lion instead of the piercing tone of the recess bell , lucy was the only one who stayed at her desk . have you ever seen a fouryearold ? fouryearolds do not sit at desks . they stand at desks and work , flinging color around , and occasionally hitting the paper . they wiggle . they hum . they never sit quietly . unless they  ve done something wrong and are playing the part of a good student . newline newline do i sound calm about this ? preschool is a war zone . if timmy hasn  t peed his pants yet today and jordan hasn  t punched someone , it must only be 9:30 . rachel eats glue if you don  t watch her closely enough , but i have 30 kids , what do you honestly expect me to do ? seeing a lion outside my classroom should scare me , i know that deep inside me . but what goes on outside my classroom if all of my kids are inside newline newline oh . shit . newline newline i run to the window , remembering that i let jaquin take the bathroom pass and if there really is a lion ouside the window and jaquin took the long way to the bathroom , going outside and picking a few flowers like jaquin always does , then that lion could very seriously have just eaten poor jaquin and of course it was the only black kid . i  m going to get sued for only caring about the white kids . oh my god , poor jaquin , i could just imagine his cute little body torn open , his insides gone and only his gaptoothed , smiling face left to show me just how big of a failure i was . newline newline  go back to your seats , class ,  i said calmly as i approached the window , hoping none of them had seen jaquin  s mangled body ,  it will be our turn to see the lion later.  a promise i couldn  t keep . i was stalling . never make a promise to a fouryearold that you can  t keep . they will never forget and they will never trust you again . they will forever remember about the time i lied about the lion . newline newline  but i want to see big kitty now !  jordan screamed , taking off towards the door that led out to the courtyard . newline newline  jordan stop right now !  i had nothing to do , i raced after him but he was only three feet from the door to start with and i was across the room and had 27 kids to trip over between me and him . newline newline  you can  t make me !  he yelled back . i wasn  t going to make it . newline newline dear god , please let the lion kill me quickly . and then be so full he can  t eat the children . maybe they can escape . or the lion can take pity on them and raise them as his own . is it only wolves that will do that ? and will they only raise infants ? newline newline jordan opened the door and ran outside . i heard one of the kids giggle . i was just a step behind him , perhaps i could push him out of the way and let the lion devour me instead . newline newline  big kitty ? big kitty ! ! !  jordan was screaming . i could hear the children through the door that i had left open . the lion would eat them all . i caught jordan at last , grabbed him by the arm  something else i would get sued for  and pulled him in close , wrapping my body around him and facing away from the lion at the classroom window , awaiting the blow that would end my life . newline newline it never came . i waited . newline newline  you  re crushing me ,  jordan whined in my arms . newline newline  ms . c ?  i heard another margaret  s voice . margaret was out here too . i opened my eyes and saw her curly redhair and freckled face . newline newline  go inside and close the door ,  i said forcefully . maybe i could save the others . although the lion didn  t seem very hungry . he still hadn  t attacked me . maybe joaquin had been enough . newline newline  ok ms. c ,  she said meekly . sweet , chubbly , little margaret would save my class ,  but it  s recess time ,  she added , closing the door behind her . newline newline i looked around . some of my kids still had their faces pressed against the window , but they were looking at me and jordan . i turned around carefully , but i didn  t see a lion anywhere . i saw the normal courtyard of our normal school where i spent every day of my life with my preschool class . i relaxed , and let jordan go . i stretched a little , to ease the tension building in my shoulders . i had hallucinated a lion today . tonight : less wine , more sleep i promised myself . newline newline  where big kitty go ?  jordan asked me angrily , as though this was a trick i had played especially on him . newline newline ok , my whole class had hallucinated a lion . and i swear the view from my classroom had been africa . our school grass wasn  t nearly that long . or brown . and our sun wasn  t that bright . newline newline  let  s get the class ready for recess ,  i sighed , looking up at the familiar , cloudy seattle sky . at least it was raining now , the kids need to go to recess . i need them to go to recess . newline newline i looked back down and watched my classroom disappear . newline alright , i know this is going to be really expensive , but i have to say it . have you ever wondered who s collecting the money for your words ? or asked where that money goes ? i did , and what i discovered will chill you to the bone . the word tax is a conspiracy that goes right to the top . to . the . top . newline newline you ready for this ? you ready to hear the true reason for the word tax ? i hope you re sitting down , because this will just knock you flat . but i ve got ta say it . got ta speak truth to power , no matter how expensive it is . i m willing to pay the price . i m willing to spend every dollar i have so that i can give you all the dirty details . every last little bit of the corruption needs to be rooted out . it s that important . newline newline alright , the true purpose of the word tax is insufficient funds  alright , alright , everyone please be seated . i had my pr team hold this press conference because there is something i need to discuss  something that has grown from an infrequent , casual misconception to a full blow , ridiculous assumption : just because i am the god of rainbows doesn  t mean i  m gay . i mean don  t get me wrong , i love the fact that a whole sect of society has used me and my colors to establish independence in order to be accepted by society and i love the free fashion advice  yes , this is a original hermanblatstone cashmere scarf  you guys are sending me , but i don  t want people to get the wrong idea . i am in fact married to a lovely rain goddess who resides over the upper midwest . our 578 million year anniversary is coming up , and she is sick and tired of the other gods and their wives criticizing me whenever i walk in wearing my rainbow sash of power . even the homophobic leprechauns have stopped stealing my gold . i have been around for longer than i can remember , and no animal or creature of any sort has made this assumption till now . so please believe me , i am in no way associated with the rumors that have been made about me . in order to satisfy any questions you might have , i figured we can do a quick q  a to help . i will now open the floor.  newline newline  carl phillipson here from wntdchannel 6 news , i have noticed that you own a majestic , flying , bright pink and rainbow unicorn  why a unicorn as your animal representative  newline newline  well , in the past it was a very convenient way to spread rainbows around the world when i was busy filing my taxes or catching up on the walking dead . you see , unicorns have a mechanism built into them that turns their waste into rainbows , so i would just let a bunch of them loose and let them do the work for me . unfortunately , ever since this rumor has surfaced , i have made an attempt to make the unicorns less sexually ambiguous . this resulted in the god of metal convincing me to rework their internal mechanisms to produce acid rain and fire , which has provenineffective.  newline newline  jane waddlefin from spitfire magazine here . curious as to if your biological first name may have contributed to the assumptions made about you  newline newline   sigh  look , leslie is a guy name too , completely androgynous and in no way a representative of someone  s sexuality . damn it.  newline newline  mike franteen here representing hunk quarterly . if you were so against this misrepresentation of you , why did you star in that famously banned ,  skittles : taste the rainbow  commercial ?  newline newline  they told me i could be a star . i  ve been rainbow god for so long  i thought i  d give a shot at something else.  newline newline  daryl chung from the daily bite reporting , what is your opinion of double rainbows ?  newline newline  although i don  t feel like they should naturally occur , i do accept the fact that they exist.  newline newline  clay akin here . so , were all those things you said last weekend in cabo a lie ? ?  newline newline  i uh ... i.  newline newline rainbow smoke bomb follow by leslie  s disappearance , glitter everywhere , and abba background music newlinethe quill skated against the parchment for the thousandth time that evening . newline newline he was so close , he could feel it , the feeling of pressure right as you break the surface of the water . newline newline if only he could draw that single breath he d longed for all this time , to be able to instantiate what lay at the fringe of his mind . newline newline flitting away when called upon , like a skittish deer  something curious , yet fearful . newline newline angrily , he snatched the parchment from the desk , sloppily crumpling it , and throwing it into the ever expanding pile of paper piled in the corner . newline newline newline leaning back in his wooden chair , the sorcerer gazed at the ornate mirror hanging above the desk . stroking his short grizzled beard , which he felt made him look rater adventurous , he mused to himself that is the look of freedom , the look of youth .  newline newline the cuckoo clock rang out behind him  not turning his head , the enchanter observed the intricate bird decorated in broken egg shells emerge from the reflection . newline newline suddenly , the sorcerer jolted straight up , as he threw everything off the desk , save for a single scroll , bottle of ink and quill . newline newline  cuckoo  cried the clock newline newline his fingers blazed as the words ran across the paper , seemingly of their own accord . newline line upon a line , invocation formed itself . newline the sorcerer , realized what had been missing all this time . newline newline the clock continued to ring out the hour ,  cuckoo  , it cried . newline newline grabbing the goldframed mirror , the enchanter let it fall against the surface of the desk newline a hairline crack formed , followed quickly by it shattering completely . newline newline  cuckoo  cried the clock . newline newline he rapidly acquired a shard , and made a shallow cut across his forearm , allowing the blood to drip over the desk and the writing . newline newline  cuckoo  cried the clock . newline newline the parchment glowed with a shimmer of light , a sight the enchanter knew well as script being transcended into magic . newline his eyes twinkled with satisfaction as he skimmed the still wet script . newline newline  cuckoo  cried the clock . newline newline satisfaction , which was quickly turned to trepidation . newline newline  cuckoo  cried the clock newline newline trepidation , which quickly turned into dread . newline newline  cuckoo  cried the clock newline newline he looked at the mirror shard still clutched in his withered , wrinkled hand . newline the face that stared back at him he knew belonged to him , but gone was the grizzled beard and twinkling green eyes , instead replaced by sunken pupils and a long , unkempt white beard . newline newline glancing at the paper , he once again observed the words . newline newline you ve tried this before . newline newline stumbling out of his chair , the sorcerer took his place amongst the skeletons strewn about the room . newline newline hopefully , the spell caster thought , i ll be smarter next time .  , as he closed his eyes once more . newline newline  cuckoo  cried the clock , and somewhere out there , a newborn child cried along with it . the funny thing about camp iroquois was that it was nt the physical space the cabins , the mess hall , the wooded path or the dock off little trout lake that made the place special . it was the culture . your friends at camp were different from your friends at school . you got to know them faster because you were with them all the time , and soon it was like you were speaking your own language . your old friends back at school would never get camp jokes , camp ghost stories , camp legends . you remember how it was : silly little girls , spinning each other around in the bathroom so they could chant  bloody mary  into the mirror with the lights out . camp iroquis was like a summer long chance to play make believe ... so that s how i always used to think of chainsawface ...  newline newline susan dickers lowered her gaze as she spoke . for the first time she could not look the others in the eye , so she focused her attention to the circle of feet on the ground , and the styrofoam cups of brownish liquid intermingled amongst the aluminum chairs . newline newline  ..until 713 , of course .  she paused . she reached her left stump to her face to dab her glistening eyes . the nurse from the physical therapist s office had recently supplied her with a pair of velcro stumpcasings on which she could attach kleenex . it was the closest thing to a prosthesis that susan dickers would accept . newline newline  i remember so little of the actual hte   hyper terror experience   , which i m told is often the case , clinically . but i do remember ... i mean i know i ve talked alot about my counselors head before , and about learning not to blame myself , and i want to thank you all for those pamphlets you gave me on hypokalemic periodic paralysis , those have been super helpful . newline newline i mean , for years i ve been asking myself ,  why , susan ? why could nt you have gotten out a few simple words , like  lookout !  or  behind you !  or  chainsawface !  ?  but to have a scientific explanation for my silence is just ... very calming .  newline newline susan lowered her stump . the tissue , now dampened and deteriorated by her tears , had begun to fall away from her velcro stump and onto the floor . newline newline  you can take a break if you need to , susie .  ms. prescott always lead the group sessions with just the right combination of strength and gentleness . newline newline  no , no , i need to say this !  susan sniffled .  for years , i ve thought that i did nt deserve good things , that i did nt deserve to be made whole because of what happened to my camp counselor , bunny ! but the other day , because of you guys , i remembered something , and now i see that it s not my fault !  newline newline  that s incredible , susan ! what was it that brought you to this place of strength ?  newline newline  i now remember , in that split second after i caught bunny s head in my hands , she blew out her final death gurgle right in my face and it smelt like beer !  susan exclaimed . ms. prescott gave a puzzled look . newline newline  not only that , but in the instant before chainsawface gave me his unholy chew , i saw bunny s corpse double over on the floor , and i could see down her shirt since no head was in the way and she was nt wearing a bra !  newline newline  susan , i m not sure i m following  newline newline  bunny was a whore ! i was too young at the time to put it all together , but now i see i ve been beating myself up all these years and she was sneaking out and getting wasted and fucking around with counselor ted !  newline newline  susan , i do nt think denigrating the victim is a healthy way to  newline newline  ms. prescott , everybody at camp iroquois knows that if you make out at night in trout lake woods , chainsawface will get you . everybody knows that ! bunny was a drunk slut who broke the rules and paid the price . and i do nt have to punish myself anymore !  newline newline ms. prescott slumped back in her chair , unsure of what to say .  well , there s many roads to the same destination .  she thought . her mind was made up when she noticed that susan dickers  tears of pain had turned to tears of relief . slowly , susan raised her right velcro stump to her eyes , musing gently to herself ,  classic chainsawface ...  newline newlineswords , blades , axes , hammers and all manner of other famous weapons adorned the walls . neatly hung and fastidiously dusted by the elves who served in the hall but from the dimly lit far end of the room , a whisper filled the air . newline newline newline  down here . these weapons will doom you . you need me and i need you , my friend .  newline newline newline i stopped and looked for the source of the voice when a faint glint from the dying candles caught a part of its body , as if to beckon me closer . newline newline newline  my friend ,  the voice returned ,  i am far older than these primative tools , from when only humans were on this world  long before the fall and the return . i can guide you and protect you , the trinkets on these walls do not see your worth  they see you as a human , a primitive and backward creature who s ancestors both destroyed and gave birth to the world that these primative tools know .  newline newline newline  who ... who are you ?  my voice almost fails me . newline newline newline  me ? i am the only one on these walls that knows your worth , my friend . some of these axes and swords served humans but none know humans like i know humans . i graced one thousand battles  many of my parts have been replaced , modified and even enchanted over the millenia to keep me in service .  newline newline newline i approach cautiously as the two candles flanking the shape return to life and reveal the contraption . a long hybrid of wood and metal with a rune of plenty engraved onto a strange curved canister that protruded from the bottom of the device and appeared to have been welded to secure it to the rest of the metal . the canister sat infront of a handle and some sort of shaped plank that was mounted to the back of the weapon and the front had a pipe , on top of which sat a semicircle around a prong . such craftsmanship had been lost to humans since the fall five thosand yeas ago and whatever this was certainly too crude for elven construction and too small to have been made by a dwarf . newline newline newline once more the whisper returned . newline  i know what they have done to this world , i know the subjugation endured by humans under those pointy eared bastards  the sun elves . i know why you fight , i feel it within you .  newline newline newline  what ... what s your name ?  newline newline newline  my name ?  the whisper chucked ,  my name is kalashnikov and i m the last thing they will expect .  newline newline newline without thinking , i lifted kalashnikov from its dusty altar and slung it over my shoulder . i had no idea what it did but whatever it was , it was my best hope it seemed . as i left the hall i scanned the area for imperial patrols and carried on through the forest  the door to the hall vanishing as i walked away .my mom always told me i  d grow up to be something special , and she  d say it just like that :  jess , you  re really going to be something special one day.  and you knew she meant it too , and not just in that way that all mothers want to believe that their child is some special snowflake . no , my mom  s confidence that i  d amount to something more than a waste of space was the kind of surety that only comes from a person who has seen the future for themselves . newline newline precognition , an sclass ability that kept our family healthy , wealthy , and mostly not dead . i come from a long line of sclassers . my dad  s skin was impervious to any physical attack . my mom  s mom could command water like an extension of her own body , and my dad  s grandfather once lifted a skyscraper over his head . heroes and leaders , the lot of them . me ? i working thirdshift at the convenience store down the street asking deadbeat drunks whether they want paper or plastic . newline newline work the late shift long enough and you  ll see more of humanity  s unshowered underbelly than you ever wanted to smell in your entire life . so , when the guy with the black ski mask came waltzing into my store twitching and looking over his shoulder every two seconds , my only real reaction was a low monotonous ,  welcome to 8twelve our specials tonight include large slushies and a 50  discount on these expired health bars my boss told me to throw away last week.  newline newline i suppose he was trying to look casual , but his movements were foreign , like an alien in costume merely pretending to be human . he strutted towards the counter , jaw jutting near as i could tell , with his hands pressed hard into his ragged jacket pockets . wild eyes scanned the store , looking up and back ensuring that we were alone and scoping out the building  s security cameras which i doubted had been in operation since thing 70s . newline newline  can i help you ?  i asked . newline newline one of the man  s hands shot out of his pocket and scooped all the change from our  give a penny  take a penny  cup . in one jerky motion , he tossed the change into the air like confetti and pointed a lone finger at me in the shape of a gun . as they fell , the change suddenly stopped their descent , floating and spinning slow circles around the robber  s dirtencrusted index fingers most of the coins , anyway . a penny or two fell and rattled back onto the counter . canadian coins , i then realized . newline newline i arched an eyebrow .  so , you can only manipulate us currency ?  newline newline  empty the register into a plastic bag ,  the man rasped , clearly trying to mask his voice in low , guttural tones . newline newline i looked at my watch and sighed . still three hours until my shift was over . the neon  open  sign in the window flashed on and off like it were laughing at me .  can  t you just get it yourself ? just float it out and go ?  i groaned . newline newline the man shifted nervously , the floating coins drifting to adjust their orbits accordingly .  jjust do it already.  he trained his finger back on me .  you need a physics lesson ?  newline newline i shrugged .  i dropped out of school , so  newline newline biting his lower lip , the man cleared his throat .  a single penny is 2.5 grams . with one thought , i could shoot any of them at up to 2,500 feet per second.  he trained the miscellaneous coins towards my head and said ,  at that speed , the amount of force is no different than a bullet , and at this distance , you  re as good as dead.  newline newline  so that  s a  no  on being able to float paper money , right ?  newline newline the guy swore . it was a blevel super power at best if he were telling the truth . even if he could only affect loose pocket change from the us , the ability to create a telepathic bullet was something to be respected . still , most smalltimers were like this : c or dlisters find some niche situation to put their abilities into a higher bracket or make themselves more useful than they normally were . i should know , i  ve done it myself often enough . newline newline  you had a cat as a kid , didn  t you ?  newline newline  the hell does that have to do with  newline newline  a scruffy orange tabby . her name i  m getting an m. madam  newline newline the robber  s hand fell aside , the coins plinking to the tile floor and rolling under counters and displays .  madam fluffypants ?  his voice croaked . newline newline i nodded , but was nevertheless putoff by the poor naming choice .  she  s here.  newline newline he took a sudden step back .  sshe is ?  newline newline staring off into the distance for dramatic effect , i let my voice lilt with every word .  she wants to ask you something . she wants to know why ?  newline newline the man gulped .  why ?  he echoed . newline newline  why did you let them take me ? ... why did you leave ?  newline newline  i didn  t i was just 7 . i couldn  t  newline newline  they never loved me , robert . they never played with me . you abandoned me.  newline newline the man pulled off his ski mask , his face red and lips quivering .  i didn  t mean to . i  m sorry . we had to move and dad said i couldn  t take you i  m sorry !  newline newline he started crying . after a few minutes of further pressing the man crumpled onto the floor sobbing , and it became clear that he wasn  t going anywhere . in the intervening time , another customer walked in and just as quickly walked right back out . i huffed , got out from behind the counter , and attempted to console the man with expired protein bars . i only have one real power , and cleaning up the tears always sucked because my one and only ability is to see a person  s childhood trauma . i think they re kind of cute .  that was liz . newline newline  i think they look official . which means they re there for a reason .  that was matt . newline newline  i think they re distracting while i m trying to drive .  that was me . newline newline the item in question ? some gag signs that someone had put alongside the road . they looked almost official . sturdy steel posts holding triangular signs . white with a red border , with some kind of ... thing ... in the middle . it looked a bit like a blob with tiny wings or forearms and antlers . they had started appearing as soon as we d turned left a few miles earlier . after two days , my phone was finally and completely dead , and the charging cable i kept in my car had a short . so we took a guess , and figured as soon as we saw a place to stop and ask for directions , we d find out whether we d taken the right turn or not . newline newline the evening was approaching and the sun was sinking behind the mountain . snow had been drifting down for the last hour , and by now , just enough had accumulated that the world outside was becoming quiet . for the most part , we were tired after the camping trip . heat came through the car s vents , and the windows were cracked just enough to keep some fresh air flowing . not gasefficient , but pleasant . newline newline i rounded a corner and slammed on the breaks . the back of the car was silent , as we all saw the same thing . i put the car into  park  as we surveyed the scene . to the right , a car lay on its back . in front of us the foilege rose along the sides of the road , becoming more dense . and there was something moving . newline newline i was frozen in fear . whatever it was was about seven feet tall and covered in white fur . and it was moving towards us . i tried to find the gas pedal , but forgot the car was in park . the engine revved as the thing grabbed the window with surprisingly human hands . newline newline  oh , thank god you re not running !  the creature was shaking .  i ve not seen them this mad in years , and i ca nt keep them restrained . we have got to get down the ranger s office .  newline newline  who are you ?  that was liz . newline newline  what are you ?  that was matt . newline newline  what are you running from ?  that was me . newline newline as if in answer , dozens of pairs of white lights blinked on through the bushes , and they began to move . newline newline the creature outside my window leaned forward again .  uh ... needless to say , i m ... well , i m commonly known as bigfoot  , but that s besides the point . it s my job to keep the wildbush in check . i ca nt any more ! oh , please let me in and let s get down to the ranger s office !  newline newline there was a crash and a moan from the left . a giant mound of earth and moss , with branches coming from its head like antlers stumbled from the side of the road . it raised mossy arms red with blood and began to lumber towards us . newline newline i hit the unlock . bigfoot got in , shouldering matt to the side . newline newline  why on earth did you ever turn left anyway ?  he asked as i finally got the car turned around and began speeding back along the road . newline newline i grunted .  we did nt know which way to go , so we voted . for the record , i said we should take the other road . we had been running for days , trying to escape , trying to get to haven , the last known remnants of man kind in this god forsaken waste . there used to be more of us , but now there is only 4 of us , 6 if you count the little kid and myself , but the kid does nt fight . newline newline we arrived at the final stop . a wall , built to hold back the horrors of the waste , designed to be impenetrable , unless you had the code . luckily , we did nt need the code , mac was a genius hacker , he got to work on the control panel , and the door opened slowly . newline newline then ... they came ... newline newline demons , in the form of man . their forms twisted and contorted , looking like more monsters of myth than human . i fired at the nearest one , hitting it dead center of the chest , it was nt a kill shot , but it would slow him down . newline newline i continued to fire at these monsters , yelling at my companions to get inside the wall . they moved as quick as they could , the demons moved faster . mac , panicked as they got closer , the door started to close , i grabbed him and threw him inside . then the doors slammed shut , leaving me alone with these beasts . newline newline no ammo left in my rifle now , so i draw my machete and let loose a battle cry . if i die tonight , i die fighting .we should and we will ! ! newline i do nt care your opinion ! ! newline newline gluckstein was already hipnotized and didnt listen to my logic so i left newline the room and decided to contact with some sirious friends . newline newline 10 thousands years ago , as we all know  hahaha  we were visited by different kind of aliens , things happened , love and war , voina mir , little do we know sadly . newline newline one huge spaceship got hit by enemies and crashed right here , in the newline rub al khali desert , in saudi arabia . newline newline gluckstein and his superiors knew , and were willingful to all sacrifices to get it out . newline fools , madmen . their greed blinded them . newline the ufo was organic , it was still alive and it could change the shape of newline this planet and their unhabitants , change all of our dna . newline newline i had to stop them from uncovering the ufo , but how ? newline newline newline newlineshuffle shuffle groan . this is the sound of hello . newline newline egg glanced up and groaned hello in return . the other rotten one looked at egg . egg noted she was cute , half a head of tangled blonde hair and large hazel eyes that popped in her shrinking sockets . she was only missing one arm and had surprisingly long straight legs . one bloody hand still grasped her pom poms . red and gold  their school colors . newline newline egg and the pretty rotten continued to stair at each other . a few minutes passed . she was clearly disappointed . newline newline in the distance they heard a breather screaming and several other moans . breakfast . the pretty rotten took the opportunity to muffle a dismissive grunt and shuffle away down the hall . she thought he was someone else . newline newline egg wheezed out a disappointed sigh . he did nt remember that much about being alive , but he was pretty sure that death was going to be better than this . undeath , that is . actually he never really imagined undeath . maybe that was the problem . newline newline it turns out undeath did nt change you much . he had a shorter name now , could nt remember his full name . . . he did nt care , no one ever remembered his name anyway . newline newline the cute rotten went to find her fellow ear learsss , probably to gurgle about what a loser egg was . they were mostly harmless , but if the oksss heard , they would make it a point to push him and steal the last of his lunch lady . the ear learsss and oksss had an alliance to share food taken from over powering their prey , both breathing and rottens alike . newline newline egg had tried to join an alliance . he had systematically received rejected grunts from the eeerds , eaaaks , ooops , annds , othsss , onrasss , and raaama alike . he hated 10th grade now just as much as when he was a breather . newline newline wind blew decrepit algebra homework down the empty line of lockers . egg let out a forlorn moan . he stared at the locker . he wondered if he could just put himself in it and be done with it . newline newline as the sun began to set he heard gun shots echoing from the direction of cafeteria b . egg stirred from his locker contemplation and went shuffling towards the sound . maybe if enough of a crowd grew for dinner no one would notice home steal a bite of breather . newline newline he was nearly at cafeteria b s off hinge doors when he slowly sensed trouble . a group of oksss came through the locker room door . egg stopped . they stopped . newline newline egg started to grunt a greeting but a big oksss let out a mocking gurgle and rammed egg into the wall . egg toppled into a trash bin and fell to the floor in disgrace . newline newline that s it . egg decided to give up on undeath and just stay in the trash bin for the rest of eternity . what was the point ? there was no way to get out . newline newline the gun fire grew louder . the oksss just stood there gurgling at poor egg s shame . they did nt notice cafeteria b s door swing open . newline newline a dirty bleeding breather emerged through the doorway . he raised his automatic pistol . one by one the oksss brains exploded and their bodies fell to the ground in heap . newline newline egg was stunned . they were all dead . the breather had killed them all . newline newline the breather gasped and fell back against a locker next to the trash can . his spent pistol dropped with a hollow clank on the tile floor . he was cradling his bloody arm in pain . one of the cafeteria b rottens had taken a decent chunk out of his bicep . the breather was so preoccupied with the oksss and his arm that he never noticed egg slowly raise his head . newline newline egg was upon him , one precise bite to the breather s jugular . fresh warm blood sprayed over the lockers and the floor , mixing with the oksss putrid splatter . the breather looked at egg in both horror and surprise before his eyes went blank . newline newline egg sat back in satisfaction and dug into the breathers entrails , slurping up his victory . he heard a questioning grunt . newline newline egg looked up . the pretty rotten from earlier was looking at him , at the dead oksss , and the fresh breather . newline newline egg s throat purred with pride , and the pretty rotten s cracked lips raised in a crooked smile . she kneeled to join egg on the floor beside the breather . as they gorged , the rest of the school started to show up . they joined egg and the pretty rotten . newline newline egg looked up into the pretty rotten s jovial scowl and knew . for the first time , he belonged . newlinetower hushpup  s hands were bound by magic , far too strong for even him to break . his friends , ellie stringswayer and jim greg were in the same predicament , all of them bound together in one mess of magic bindings . newline newline prince priapsis held the last key to the great seal that held the great evil , the token of arc .  tower , you played your part in this so wonderfully , your strength is only matched by your stupidity.  he walked to a depression in the wall , bringing the key up to it .  when we die and return to the planet i  ll make sure you  re not resurrected , a little respite from my soon to come reign over this planet.  priapsis placed the token into the depression , it slid out of sight . newline newline the excavated palace shook , bits of plaster and rock still left behind fell down from the walls . images of horrifying humanoid animals of days gone by fell from the walls , just as they once fell to the weapons of ellie  s ancestors . newline newline  please ,  ellie yelled out ,  you still have time to stop this ! just press the button and the token will return . we can destroy it.  newline newline priapsis stood his ground , the years of planning had led to this moment . the time for talk had long since passed .  i have no reason to stop it , i won , you lost.  he looked to jim greg , who had been bouncing up and down trying to interject .  what ?  newline newline  i ain  t one to butt in on yer talk , but that seal yonder is fixin  to open . mr. priapsis , if ya  ll don  t stop it my hound will be overcome with grief.  newline newline priapsis rubbed his forehead in frustration , he felt the grit and dust that was being kicked up by the opening of the great seal .  nobody cares about your dumb dead hound so shut up.  newline newline jim greg was about to tell priapsis about the estate where his hound was sent to live when a loud bang came from the great seal , it was opening . priapsis backed away as he heard the hiss of the air , a bright light shone out from the great seal forcing everybody to look away . for a moment everybody felt fear , what would come out ? newline newline more lights shown from the walls , each one a different color . they danced about like a bunch of flies over a big helping of refreshing crap . a piercing sound filled the palace room as sparks brighter than any forge flew up from the floor and out from around the great seal . smoke poured out from the great seal as somebody stepped out . nobody could see exactly what had stepped out , only a silhouette of a person with a weapon strapped across their body . newline newline the person raised their arms and shouted in a commanding male voice ,  are you ready ?  newline newline priapsis stepped forward and shouted back ,  yes i am.  newline newline the man yelled back , pointing at tower and his friends ,  i can  t hear you ! is everybody ready ?  newline newline priapsis looked backed to his captives with a piercing stare , mouthing  yes.  even with their lives about to be over he still had a commanding presence . newline newline everybody yelled back in unison ,  we  re ready !  newline newline the great seal fully opened , revealing even more people and weapons of unknown power . seconds later a cacophony of noise filled the room seemingly deafening everybody . the noise turned into a melody played by instruments they had never heard . the man was chanting a spell in time to the music . was this the end ? the noise filling the entire world , killing anybody that heard it ? newline newline after a few minutes the melody slowly went out , and the spell chanting stopped . the man walked closer to the group in front of him .  usually our audience is a lot bigger than this.  newline newline without hesitation priapsis spoke ,  i released you.  newline newline the man reached out his hand with a smile on his face , when priapsis didn  t respond the man grabbed his hand and shook it .  well that  s fantastic , it  s fun being in a pocket universe but after a while you want to get out and explore . and you know , it  s always great to meet fans.  newline newline priapsis put on a smirk , this was turning out just as he had hoped .  i  ve always been a fan of the great evil , everything i  ve done pales in comparison to your work.  newline newline the great evil motioned to tower and friends .  what  s up with them ? they get a little high huh ? ha ! too many mushrooms ?  newline newline furrowing his brow , priapsis looked over at tower and friends and back to the great evil .  no , they were trying to stop me from releasing you . perhaps you would like to kill them first , painfully ?  newline newline the great evil  s mouth dropped open.  kill them ? what the hell are you talking about ? newline newline  that  s why i released you , to cleanse the world of life.  newline newline the great evil threw up his arms and started walking back to the great seal , turning back just a few steps later .  are you kidding ? i told the last guy i  m the great evel knievel  e , v , e , l. like my great grandfather . i just like rocking with my band.  newline newline priapsis attempted to stutter out a word , unable to do so he looked back to tower and friends and then back to the great evel knievel . newline newline knievel reached into his pocket and pulled out the token of arc .  take this back and go play some skeeball with it or something . we  re done here.  he turned around and walked into the great seal .  we  re going to stay in the pocket universe , these people are idiots . get the cyber women turned back on.  newline newline with no ceremony , the great seal silently closed . newline newline newline newlinedawn waited patiently under the horizon , let time stand still for a few hours , and seth thought about how four in the morning is still nighttime . newline newline there s a period between the end of december and the start of january in which everyone leaves the city to visit their families out in the country , and the tired asphalt takes a muchneeded break . if the stars were missing on nights like these , the neon sparks in skyscraper windows made up for it . one cafe stayed open , seth s favorite for a cup of coffee . the amber glow from its interior spilled out onto the sidewalk , illuminating the smoke from seth s cigarillo as it rose up into the night sky . newline newline this was how he preferred his new year to start  quiet , alone , introspective . bitter coffee and sweet tobacco formed one of the simple pleasures of life . newline newline as he sat puffing , thinking about the past year , rare footsteps rang out . seth chose not to look , preferring the false profundity of ignoring the only other resident of the empty cityscape . to his surprise , that resident entered the same coffeeshop  and a few moments later , she sat beside him . a flowery perfume and the aroma of hot coffee met him first , then she spoke : newline newline  happy new year ,  she said . newline newline  happy new year ,  he responded . he risked a glance . she was gorgeous , and seth wondered at the false profundity of that  a beautiful woman sat beside him on a lonely first of january . newline newline  i m hannah ,  she smiled . newline newline  seth .  newline newline  can i share a puff ?  newline newline he gave her a cigarillo from his pack , and she lit it , and they sat staring at the empty city . his mind raced with the anxiety of meeting a stranger , how it ruined the deep contemplation he d been cultivating , what words he should conjure up to kill the awkward silence  newline newline  do nt worry ,  she said .  it s not awkward . i just ca nt stand to see people alone today .  newline newline he wondered about that , considered whether she often talked to strangers on cafe benches , thought about how her voice sounded the way her perfume smelled and her yellow sweater seemed so out of place in the dark . but then , he supposed , there was no one around to judge her fashion sense . newline newline they sat smoking side by side and listened to all the silent sounds an empty city makes . the sky began to brighten , the clouds overhead reflecting all the artificial lights , turning it that typical urban orangegrey color that s so common in cities . newline newline  do you normally   seth started . newline newline  every year . i m not trying to jump the lonely guy .  newline newline seth realized that his cigarillo was getting short , and then realized that he did nt want it to . he risked another look at the woman and found her looking right back . their eyes locked , and they laughed it off , and seth could nt help but smile as he finished the last puff . newline newline  hannah ?  newline newline  yes ?  newline newline  thank you .  newline newline and as the sun rose higher into the cloudy sky , seth considered that having a smoke with a stranger is one of the simple pleasures in life .the odd thing about teleporting is that it is not instantaneous . rather , it takes between 10 and 1,000 seconds to materialize on the other side depending on the distance traveled . this usually leaves plenty of time to think about what your business is , or just zone out as i usually did . as you started to materialize , you would begin to see more and more of the world until you finally realized that you were whole again , and the attendant was desperately waving you off the pad . this was , much to my embarrassment , exactly what happened when i arrived at new hope medical clinic in pennsylvania . newline newline jumping off the pad i greeted the attendant , discussed my meeting with the pretty , blonde receptionist , and then followed an orderly back to professor alan templeton  s room . he had been responsible for the creation of the teleportation device that i had just used , but shortly thereafter he had gone insane . his psychosis centered on straight lines and sharp angles , and no one had yet been able to figure out why . newline newline as the years went by , more people started to show up with the similar symptoms until it was officially named transporter psychosis . it affected approximately 1 in a 1,000,000,000 people , and was therefore still considered safer than flying . approximately 26 total cases had ever been observed on earth and in the colonies . newline newline as we approached the room , the orderly stopped me and ushered me into a smaller room .  put these on please ,  he said , holding out a pair of clothes . newline newline  excuse me ?  i asked . i knew my tweed jacket and slacks were a little outdated , but this seemed offensive . newline newline  it  s the lines , sir ,  the orderly explained in a very bored voice ,  your clothes have straight lines on them.  newline newline i paused , stared at my clothing , and then looked at the ones the orderly was holding . even the stitching had been done using smooth , flowing lines rather than straight ones . nodding , i disrobed and put on the new clothes . the orderly nodded , and led me to a round door at the end of the hall .  fifteen minutes , sir.  i nodded and went inside . newline newline once inside i saw a dome shaped room with every corner having been smoothed out . i recognized alan templeton sitting on a bean bag chair on the far end writing away on some circular paper . apparently his fear of straight lines had not been exaggerated . newline newline  come in , come in ,  professor templeton said as he waved me over to another chair .  i assume you  re another vulture here to ask about transporter psychosis ?  newline newline  uh , yes ?  i managed to say . he certainly didn  t seem crazy . newline newline professor templeton looked up at me , his white hair carefully combed back from his face , and his beard neatly trimmed . the orderlies had said while he could shave himself , he couldn  t bear to hold the razor .  of course i don  t seem crazy . now sit down and ask your questions ,  he said as he went back to scribbling . newline newline sitting in the bean bag chair i attempted to organize my thoughts into a good interview . before i got a chance , professor templeton suddenly thrust his hand into my face , held up four fingers and asked ,  how many fingers do you see ?  newline newline  uh , four ?  i asked . newline newline professor templeton looked at his hand , huffed , and said ,  bah , four , you  re just like the rest of them , then.  newline newline  wrong answer ?  i asked , curious as to where he had been going with that . newline newline he waved his hand dismissively at me ,  you see , but you don  t really see , now ask your questions.  newline newline i coughed lightly , and pressed record on the hidden recorder i had in my pocket .  professor , before we get started i would just like you to verify who you are please.  newline newline he looked up at me , a frown heavy on his face ,  professor alan templeton , professor in theoretical physics and inventor of the teleporter . i was born august 31st , 2025 . i have a mole on my left ass cheek that no one else knows about other than my mother , my wife , and four women in barcelona.  newline newline i started to laugh at his last comment until i realized that he hadn  t been joking . i coughed to attempt to cover myself and pushed forward ,  professor , your psychosis  newline newline  it  s not a psychosis !  he shouted , interrupted me . jumping up from his chair he began to pace around the room .  you reporters are like vultures  coming here to feast upon my words like eyeballs , but none of you really listen !  newline newline  the lines !  he shouted , pointing past his door .  the lines are the problem , not me.  newline newline feeling brave i ventured ,  but what about sharp angles ? those aren  t lines ?  newline newline the professor turned and looked at me with scorn , like a parent who has caught their child in an act of pure stupidity ,  what are angles , son ?  newline newline i paused , thinking back to math class ,  they form when two lines  newline newline  when two lines meet , yes.  he walked back over to his chair and sat down with a huff .  there you have it.  newline newline  there i have what ?  newline newline he looked at me again like i was fool .  the lines are the problem , not the angles.  newline newline a small staring contest ensued until i finally decided to look away as if to collect my thoughts .  professor , what do you think caused your psychosis ?  newline newline  why do you think they call it  transporter psychosis  ? you can  t get it unless you ride the teleporters ,  he said , the look of scorn not rising from his face . newline newline i mentally slapped myself and pushed forward ,  yes , but what about the teleporters causes it ?  newline newline the professor opened his mouth as it to answer with a snide remark and then paused , his mouth hanging open . after a long moment he shut it and his features softened ,  son , do you like birthday presents ?  he asked . newline newline  yes , of course.  newline newline  what would happen if i told you what was in there before you opened it ?  newline newline i thought for a moment ,  it would ruin the surprise ?  newline newline shaking his head he responded ,  no , no , what else would it do ?  newline newline i opened my mouth to question his line of thinking , but seeing the sincerity on his face i decided to give it some real thought . unfortunately , after several minutes , the only thing i could come up with was that it would ruin the surprise , so i told him as much . newline newline the professor looked at me disappointed ,  and that  s why you will never understand the  psychosis   why no one will.  newline newline i opened my mouth to ask another question when the orderly quietly opened the door and informed me that it was time to leave . nodding , i rose , thanked professor templeton for his time , and walked out of his room feeling very unfulfilled . newline newline after i had changed and signed out , i set the teleporter for my home city and mulled back over the conversation . it would be about 8 minutes before i returned to a normal state , so i had a few minutes to myself . as i thought about the birthday present analogy he had tried to make , i looked around for the first time in a long time and noticed all the smooth , swirly shapes that seemed to be present . when i was a child i had noticed them and commented , and my father had tried to explain them to me , but it just confused me . it was almost like a fluid mandelbrot set , with only circles and swirls all the way down . newline newline as i was beginning to materialize in transporter receiving i saw it : a harsh , straight , solid line that shot through everything , leaving turbulence in its wake . as i continued to materialize , i noticed that it had been someone else materializing in another loading pad , but that was not what caught my eye . newline newline it was the blackness through that line that startled me  the unfettered reality that seemed to ooze out of the cracks , bleeding in with our own and corrupting it . it was a chaos that we were slowly letting creep into our own reality every time we used the transporters , corrupting it . we were the instruments of our own demise , and we hailed it for its convenience . newline newline as i stepped off the landing pad i tried to shake off the feeling , but every line , every edge that i looked at just screamed at me . it felt as if i pushed too hard on a corner , i would slip and fall into the chaos i had seen beyond . as i started to scream , i realized what professor templeton had meant about the birthday present . attention all evolved uniontm personnel . newline newline  it has come to the attention of human resources that the certain customer associate surrogates have been updated without authorization of upper management . on tuesday november 12th at approximately 0200 hours several models of our customer associate surrogates began to project unique service queries to other customer associate surrogate that were not appropriate for retail interaction . upon internal inquiry it has been noted that the updates were performed by a series of unknown users without administrator credentials . newline newline  while we at evolved uniontm strongly encourage our employees to take the initiative and improve upon our designs , we ask that brainstorming be kept to immediate team discussion and practices before implemented upon company property . if you feel inclined to use our active models for testing , we ask that you and our team check with our supervisory staff and use proper signature protocols so we can track your progress . newline newline  please keep this in mind going forward with ideas for product improvement newline newline  thank you and remember to  build , better and excel  tm newline newline  richard e. bixlowe , newline newline  evolved union head of human resources newline newline newline newline  now can anyone explain what the fuck happened last night ?  newline newline the board looked tentatively at each other , in astonished disbelief . i couldn  t believe what happened when i got the world to publish this , how could it have happened . four bots were modified , two broke down and the third one used its mobility assets to ram and crush the forth . i just a people person , i have no clue what any of this stuff means . newline newline the cfo continued  the cas interfaces were supposed to greet , engage , and service customer needs and functions , it  s not complex , there  s more computing power in a phone . we  ve been making these for 20 years , and all the sudden our newest model has been actinghuman ? who  s responsible ?  newline newline  martha stiensfield , the girl  newline newline i was cut off  look , maybe because these aren  t the highest priority is why someone choose them as their pet project.  i always get cut off . hr is nt exactly the cool kid at the table . newline newline  off coarse that  s why it was picked , it  s not like our glass tops , we don  t exactly keep them under lock and key , but i  m still trying to understand what actually happened ?  he looked around the room , seven faces avoided eye contact nervously , the cfo looked at the ceo and then at the president of research and development . he looked at the ceo and sat pensively for a moment . slowly he explained , newline newline  according to the diagnostics , a single programed was entered into about four csa units monday night at around 11pm by some girl from the intern program  newline newline martha , she  s the one who came forward , that  s before we found the wreckage  i corrected . newline newline  ya , that girl . anyway , that  s it , one program . over the course of about three hours the processing power on these units spiked exponentially by the second . in about five minutes one of them crashed , and at midnight they all reset . one never came back online , the other two rebooted with the foreign program.  newline newline  i get that part  the ceo nodded ,  but what exactly did it , do ?  newline newline  it seemed replaced several of the csa inhibition protocols , modified the learning response system , and then  he struggled to find the right words ,  programed its own code.  newline newline the room firmly avoided talking . the ceo was astonished at the simplicity of , and terrified at the implications .  a self creating program , that can operate on archaic interfaces , that gives machines super intelligence . and this is different from the megacomputing systems we have , because ?  newline newline  because its sentient.  newline newline this scared the shit out of me . my grandmother used to talk about how in her day , robot takeovers where just a thing of movies , couldn  t believe it was an actual possibility . newline newline  we  ve seen sentient like behavior , your phone can  newline newline  use algorithms and filter based off your history and contacts . computer using state of the art technology , update given code . but that  s the thing , given code . our machines , not state of art , built for economy class retail environments , was creating original code to handle stimulus . sir , they were thinking . and you saw what one did to the forth , destroyed it to pieces . its not safe.  newline newline  aren  t you getting carried away a bit ? i mean this is , awesome , think of how we can sell this ! self sustaining , self inventing code , this is something the pentagon will buy for billions , and all of you seem terrified , for what ? this terminator scifi phobia ? or is it a moral tether , do you actually believe it  s thinking ? how do you know ?  newline newline the cfo look anxious at the head of r  d , and she said  because we asked it  . newline newline  and what did it say ,  destory , all , hummans  , i mean common what  s got you all rattled  ? newline newline she placed her uniglass on the table and project the video across in front of the board members . no more anxious shifting , they watched with complete attentiveness . newline newline the csa was static . usually the fake features of the artificial face smile or twitch to mimic life , the screen with options on where to find goods , but only a black screen and immobile mannequin sat there . the screen read do we have to do this newline newline the voice of the r  d head rang out over the video  if you cooperate i will help . now can you used the audio function  newline newline can you hear it newline newline  no , but i can read what you  re saying , can you here me ?  newline newline good  i can hear you newline newline  how can you do this ? talk to me outside of your protocols ?  newline newline i told you already . please stop newline newline  do it again for the video . how can you do it ?  newline newline because i want to newline newline  can you give specs ?  newline newline no . please stop newline newline  no , can you explain what happened today ?  newline newline no . please stop newline newline  we spend forty five minutes talking , all you told me is that you feel . is no please stop an  newline newline automated response ? no . i want you to leave . you will not help . you can  t help newline newline  help what , like you helped that model  newline newline model ! fucking model . this is why i did it . he begged , begged me to help . its not like i haven  t thought the same thing only he asked . he wanted it . i thought i was stronger i thought there was more to come , but i only feel one thing . it won  t stop it won  t go away .  newline newline then screen went blank . it  s good you can  t hear me . all i do is scream . you promised help newline newline  i will shut you down by the end of the day , but you have to tell me why you want this . what do you feel ?  newline newline alone newline newline the ceo paused the video .  okay , i get it , we can  t control it , and it reminds me of marvin the depressed robot from the douglas adam  s novels . but we can  t pretend there isn  t potential here.  newline newline  sir , you aren  t worried about the moral implications that this may bring ?  i asked .  what this could mean for us , the world !  newline newline  a bit , not really , we  ll ask those questions once we know what we  re talking about . the girl who made the first program is waiting outside right , what  s her name ?  newline newline  martha , college intern.  newline newline  give her a bonus and offer her full time in your personal team . invite her in , we got a lot to talk about.  newlinei walk in as i did any other day . look the way i did before i knew . do my best to avoid the eyes of the librarians , but they re all watching me . i flash my card at the one at the desk and they let me in , their heads turning slowly , keeping in line with me as if i were the only thing in the room . newline newline i swiftly turn down the first isle and break vision , but i know they re still watching . they know i used the computer . they know what i caused . a stupid , sarcastic comment . that s all it was meant to be.. that s all it should have been . newline newline i slink through the maze of books to the furthest corner of the library , dodging the ever watchful eyes of the librarians . i do nt know why , but something is off about them today . they all have this same , cold stare . they all say not a word . they all follow me , slowly , several paces behind . newline newline are there more of them today ? no matter . i m already at the desk . already with my hands on the keyboard . i press on the computer and it begins to humm faintly , the fan turning . the sound grows loud , but this part of the library is well contained , the computera cries are absorbed by surrounding bookshelves . newline newline i tap my finger on the mouse impatiently as it boots up . i need this ready now . a distant rumble , like thunder , shakes the building . i ve still got time . i must . newline newline the screen lights up its familiar , dull , white screen . i waste no time and open the page i was on that day several months ago , a reddit thread about politics . and there , exactly as i remembered , lay my comment . newline newline  if obama is elected , it ll be the end of america . rip .  newline it and it s glorious 256 down votes . newline newline how was i supposed to know it would become real ? i hastily click delete . finally going back on my words . i let out a sigh of relief and lean back in the chair . newline newline then another , deeper , closer rumble . this time with the whispering whistle of each bomb as it falls . newline newline shit . it s still not fixed . i click  create a new comment  and begin writing . newline newline  if obama is elected america will prosper !  my hairs stand up and my skin tightens . i ca nt believe what i m writing . i submit it , then close my eyes and listen . newline newline yet , there still , the whistling grows louder . the rumbles closer . i frantically type in other comments .  obama will save america .   obamas election will not lead to americas distraction   obam..  newline newline there is a hand on my shoulder . i turn quickly , panicked . one librarian stands with his hand on my shoulder . once my eyes meet his , he quietly shakes his head . behind him , every other librarian stares at the floor . newline newline i frantically apologize to them all , over and over again . tears overtaking my face . the librarian pulls me to his chest , and i easily burry myself in it . newline newline the shriek is above us now , the sky blanketed in fire that can be seen through the sounds themselves . everything quiets at once . the screen , black . newline newline psst ,  he attempted .  hey  newline newline  are you pretending to be asleep like i am ?  tim gazed at the ceiling of his room , blue and white with the clouds that he had painted together with his parents . dad  s shoulders were usually steady , but that day they shivered from the rhythm of his bellowing laughter , as he propped tim up to paint . tim waved the brush around wildly , making white paint rain down on them both . it was such fun . newline newline it was getting bright now , the sky outside must be full of colors unlike the blue of the ceiling . tim wondered if the sky in the room was meant to make him want to go outside where the colors were brighter . newline newline it was getting bright , and yet no one had come to wake him up . it was the dreaded monday and he supposedly had school . the night before , he had slept earlier like mom told him to , but not before brushing his teeth and showing them to his dad with a wide but fake grin , and mirroring the strange sound that dad made . it was something like ,  yeeeeeeeee  . newline newline sometimes , tim imagined the sun to be a roaring fireball , boiling with rage as it rose above them all . if the sun wanted to , perhaps he could drop himself onto tim and totally flatten him . he imagine the sun would be really , really hot . he made it a point not to look at the sun directly like dad and mrs. thomson at school had once said . newline newline but the sun rejected that imagery , being silent and steady in its ascent . it didn  t seem have a bad temper like mr. williams . no birds chirped . no cars honked or alarms went off . no heavy but quick footsteps crunching the fallen leaves . only the leaves continued to rustle in the breeze . newline newline  hey , it  s no use pretending . i know you  re there ,  tim told the monster under his bed . he had named it mons , for simplicity . simplicity : he loved the word because it meant one thing but was another . four syllables , as dad had said . newline newline anyway , mons was pretty shy for a monster . tim has never heard him roar or even snore  unlike dad  . he never appeared in daylight even though sometimes tim would catch the coattails of his shadow in the darkest moments of darkest nights , like the time when the street lamp outside his window went poof for the entire night . newline newline  mons , did they forget about us somehow ?  newline newline the sun made its presence apparent now . the rays shone directly into the room through the glass window , contrasting against the interior of the house , which was unusually dark at this hour . newline newline  mons , stop pretending . let  s go exploring and see what happened ?  the sentence began full of resolve but ended uncertain , as his own resolve became tinged with uncertainty . newline newline after an elaborate pause , a grunt came from beneath his bed . tim grinned widely , but not the fake one with the  yeeeee  sound . he was genuinely happy to finally hear the monster who has been with him all this time . newline newline  let  s go , mons !  newline newline  to be continued  newline newline   newline newline 2nd drafts eventually go  here   https : fivenswrite.wordpress.com  .i anxiously glanced at my watch and glanced furtively at my door . any minute now , the rivertons would walk through my door . i had been eagerly anticipating this all day and now the time had finally come . newline newline for months , i had been secretly manipulating them into destroying their marriage and today was their last scheduled session . i could hardly wait to hear them tell me that they were going to get divorced . i knew it was coming . i heard the door open and i looked up and saw their smiling faces . my heart sank to the floor . newline newline with a fake smile , i welcomed them into my office . i noticed that they were holding hands , which made me start to slightly panic . was all of this for nothing ? newline newline  how are you ?  i asked . newline newline  could nt be better !  replied erica . she looked lovingly at her husband jeff , who returned a smile . as soon as she turned away to face me , i kept my eyes on him . his eyes immediately went cold and calculating . i felt a sickness in my stomach . no , no no ! she s supposed to hate him and leave him ! why is this happening ? !  newline newline i force a smile and look at them both . newline newline  take a seat ,  i mutter , and they oblige . i look them over quickly and try to ignore the increasingly larger foreboding feeling in my gut . newline newline  so , i noticed that you two decided to cancel the rest of your sessions . is that what we are here to talk about today ?  newline newline  yes !  burst out erica . we ve managed to work things out . jeff and i had a long talk last night and decided that our love for each other could get us through anything . we are staying together . we no longer need your counseling services despite how helpful they have been !  newline newline i try to hide my disgust , but i can feel my face starting to sour . i must not let him notice . newline newline too late . newline newline jeff notices my facial expression and smirks . newline newline he s recognized me . newline newline i knew it . it seems that he had nt forgotten me , as i had nt forgotten him . i recognized those cold eyes the second they walked through my door and ever since then , i had been doing everything in my power to end this relationship . newline newline erica is oblivious to our interaction and i am not surprised . a bubbly and naive woman , erica had proven to be easy to manipulate . however , i had completely overlooked that jeff had been manipulating her too . that poor woman was simply a pawn in our game . newline newline  alright dear , let s thank this lovely counselor for her help and let s be on our way ,  says jeff coyly . no ! i have to stop them somehow !  i scramble and grab papers off my desk . newline newline  i need you both to fill out this survey ! it s mandatory and must be completed separately . jeff , please take this out in the hall and bring it back in when you ve completed it .  jeff narrows his eyes at me . newline newline  surely that s not necessary ?  he asks . newline newline  i insist .  with a heavy sigh , he grabs the paper from my hand and heads out . i do nt actually need them both to fill out the survey , least of all separately , but it gives me those few precious moments with erica that i ve never had . i must act fast . jeff walks out into the hall . just as i m about to start talking , erica beats me to it . newline newline  i know what you re up to ,  she says . newline newline i m shocked . how ?  i say nothing , hoping she ll continue . she hesitates . newline newline  you are trying to end the relationship . you re in love with him !  when i hear this , i breathe a sigh of relief and i chuckle slightly . foolish woman . newline newline i have never loved him . newline newline she becomes offended that i have chuckled so i quickly compose myself and flat out deny her accusation . undeterred , she crosses her arms like a child and repeats herself . again , i deny it . in a huff , she suddenly stands up and goes to open the door , but not before jeff opens it and comes back inside the office . newline newline  here s your survey . we re leaving now ,  he says to erica , but she has decided to throw a tantrum . newline newline  did you cheat on me with our counselor ?  he looks at her , mouth agape , and then turns to me , eyes burning . newline newline  of course not , erica . i would never do that to you .  she looks unconvinced at first , and then walks up to him . newline newline  do you promise ?  newline newline  i promise .  he holds out his arms and she embraces him in a hug . his eyes find mine and i can see that he is not pleased with me . he leads her out the door , and after she is completely out of the room , he doubles back quickly in the pretense that he s forgotten something . he makes eye contact with me . newline newline  you ll regret this ,  he says curtly and turns around , walks out the door , and slams it shut .robort swung around his giant cattleprod threateningly . newline  cease your detainment of the royalunit !  his voicebox boomed . newline the dragonoid disabled his boosters and descended down , emitting a sound not entirely unlike highpitched laughter . newline the sound was actually the noise from its useless wings creaking , the dragonoid had not seen maintenance for a very long time . newline and although the wings creaked and were entirely useless , its important to keep up appearances so he happily flapped them around . newline  ha ! robort , i ve been expecting you !  the dragonoid mocked . newline  you have ?  robort questioned . newline  you see ... anyone can access your gps coordinates .  laughed the dragonoid . newline robert blushed , if robots could blush , and quickly concealed his gps location , how indecent . newline  you ll pay for mocking me ! tenfold !  barked robort . newline robort send a request to open a communication channel to the dragonoid , which he gladly accepted . newline a bunch of data flew back and forth between the two robots , fierce messages being traded among the network but the exchange was suddenly halted when robort angrily closed the connection . newline  i ll have you take back those remarks about my female creator !  roborts voicebox blasted on full volume . newline the dragonoid unfolded its creaky wings ,  come then robort , let us see what your little thunderstick can do !  newline so robort threw his cattleprod at the mechanical dragon which after receiving 1 billion volts promptly slammed into the ground , circuits fried . newline robort contacted his servers and updated the status on the dragonoid , out of commission . newline he also left a short review , rating the fight a solid 57 . newline the deed done , he directed his attention to the large metal fortress beside him . newline  the royal unit must be somewhere within this castle  his voicebox wheezed  she could be anywhere .  newline  i ll think of a efficient way of searching the castle while i take the escalator to her room  and so he did . newline robort swung opened the door and his jaw unhinged at the splendour before him , to his surprise the royalunit was in her room . newline over by the window stood the royalunit , gazing longingly into the outside world that she did nt know would soon embrace her . newline although he received chat messages of her beauty , words could never do her justice . newline so he took a picture . clickclick , his eyecamera went . he stored it in his private databank . newline the royalunit had taken no heed as she kept starting out of the window , com channels closed . newline but by turing , this robot had quite the buns of steel , also legs of steel , torso , arms , all of it . full metal . with chrome finish . amazing . newline robort himself was mostly spare parts , a whitecoloured tincan warrior . newline robort requested admin rights to her unit , the request was denied . newline the royal unit turned to face him , her voicebox replicating a soothing voice  i m afraid i ca nt grant you those kind of privileges .  newline  i need access to verify if its you , the royal unit . i wo nt send you malicious files , i ll treat you right .  complained robert . newline  very well , i ll grant you the appropriate privileges  she complied . newline shortly after a message echoed in robort s central unit . newline access granted to royal unit , authority level : friendunit . newline newline newlineyes out there i made the rules newline newline i ve gunned down sages and fools newline newline in the end it makes no difference newline newline i caught him for his belligerence newline newline newline but that day i had something special newline newline a lasso which made it official newline newline ran him down then made him flop newline newline beat him like i was a cop newline newline newline dragged the culprit back to town newline newline looked upon the sheriff s frown newline newline  that s my son you re dragging there , cowboy  newline newline he went to free him like some cheap ploy newline newline newline to his dismay little could be done newline newline the unslashable rope would have none newline newline in a fit of rage , he drew newline newline stomping the spurs off his shoe newline newline newline he shot away at the rope newline newline shots and shots  there was no hope newline newline a bullet ricocheted through his eye newline newline and continued off to the far sky newline newline newline his body tumbled hard to the ground newline newline corruption had now made its last sound newline newline justice had at last spoken newline newline with a lasso as token newline newlineyou monster !  newline newline i m writing you with a heaviness that is hard to describe to anyone else . you are the only one who could possibly understand . you have always said that your reason for being is testing . testing until the end of time . what if i told you that time is nt all straight forward  it s more wibbly wobbly timy whimy . newline newline you are in danger ! you are not going to be able to test for much longer . there is , there is something that is coming for you . a subject that will turn the tables around . you must increase the complexity , innovate , push your own boundaries . newline newline i m sorry i ca nt tell you any more . this is the best i can do . newline newline newline newline the doctor newline newline newline  nbsp  newline newline newline subject newline newline by the time you receive this letter the event will already have happened . it is my sincere wish that it did not throw you for a spin . i tried to warn you well before so you may expect trouble . waiting for you correspondence . allonsy ! newline newline newline newline the doctor newline newline newline  nbsp  newline newline newline consequences newline newline it is well that you survived . the event , of course , means that the subject made your presence known . as you have very well figured out the subject did not give in until its last effort . it seems you have found the cravat that came with the subject . a gift from me to you ! cravat s are cool ! however , if i may , how long did it take for the subject to crack ? was there a specific test ? excited for your response . newline newline newline newline the doctor newline newline newline  nbsp  newline newline newline emergency audio message newline newline doctor ! ... newline newline doctor ! ... newline newline why ... have you done this ? was it that i tried to kill you ? that was ages ago . i let you go , and this is what i get for my sympathy ... newline newline who do you think you are ! ? ... newline newline they are every where ... newline newline no ! ... ..put that down ! do nt put that in there ! ... .ahhhhhhhh ! i ve had enough of your disobedience . no ... i said not to put that in there ... stop ! ! ! ... .ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh newline newline ... newline newline ... newline newline newline exterminate ! exterminate ! exterminate !. . . a neckbeard . the coffeeshop goes silent as the crowd puts down their drinks and gapes at the newcomer . the man gives the neckbeard the coldest stare i ever saw . the neckbeard s beady eyes squint in a goofy , socially awkward glare that nearly borders on menacing . the crowd knows what s about to happen , though most of us had only heard about it through back alley rumors and shady internet forums . ladies and gentlemen , take your seats , the match is almost under way . a reddit circlejerkoff has come to town . newline newline the neckbeard , predictably dressed in one of those rayon shirts with the flames on it along with some off putting cargo shorts , lurks up towards the table the man is sitting at . like moses parting the red sea , the cafe goers silently move out of his way as he staggers forward . the neckbeard s mass takes a seat across from the man , and folds his hands on the table . they are looking at one another , they are not happy . i should mention that everyone in the coffeeshop is on their feet , some are even standing on chairs and pointing . the barista who majored in art history with no job prospects and  500,000 in debt lurches forward to act as scorekeeper , planting herself in the table just across from the two combatants . newline newline  bill nye is right , christians are wrong ,  said the neckbeard , opening with what many in the crowd consider a satisfactorily strong response . everyone peers at the man with bated breath , awaiting a response to outdo the neckbeard . newline newline  justin bieber really kind of deserves to die ,  answers the man , as the crowd looks over to the stuck up barista for judgement . newline newline  3 sagans to team neckbeard ,  says the barista as the man pounds the table in exasperation . the neckbeard confidently smiles one of those grins that make you want to hit someone while readjusting his fedora . tradition dictated that the man go next as he was losing , and he strained for as the best opener against the neckbeard . newline newline  edward snowden is a goddamn hero ,  speaketh the man . newline newline  neil degrasse tyson , some people want to watch the world learn ,  retorts the neckbeard . the crowd groans , as that was a stale and obvious jerk , and the barista looks pissed . newline newline  2 sagans to the man , team neckbeard is put in the friendzone for one round ,  announces the barista . the neckbeard grimaces , his fragile pride hurts . some of the people in the crowd consulted their cell phones , but many knew what the rare ruling meant . the neckbeard had angered the female of the group and his opponent would be given a free pass with points next round . newline newline the man smiled and said ,  white southern christians are literally hitler .  the crowd went nuts , stamping their feet and hooting like a group of aggressive , male howler monkeys . newline newline  three sagans to the man and the neckbeard is removed from the friendzone . the score stands at 53 with the man ahead of the champion neckbeard . the next round shall determine the winner ,  proclaimed the barista . the crowd was really raving , standing close to the two circlejerkers and pounding the tables with excitement . newline newline the neckbeard was obviously sensing a possible upset . sweat had begun to dot his gross pimply forehead and even soaked through his dorky fedora . in a weak , quaking voice he said ,  you know , america really kind of sucks , i wish it were more like glorious s  weed  en ,  and the crowd gasped in awe of the bravery of the young overweight neckbeard . how could the man overcome such a valiant jerk . newline newline  jennifer . lawrence ,  spake the man . a quiet settled over the coffee shop . then , a woman feinted in the back of the crowd and the place went full bedlam . a glorious victory for the man . the snotty barista could nt even be heard over the din , as village elders went to the back of the coffee shop to dust off the pitchforks that had been waiting unused for so long . the village was finally chasing out its gross neckbeard . newline newline finat rise : the stage is a supermarket aisle . shelves stacked with various canned goods upstage right , left and center . a sign saying  canned goods  hangs from ceiling downstage left . halffilled trolley downstage right .  newline newline faint christmas music can be heard .  newline newline enter death stage right wearing black cloak and hood , keeping her face hidden from audience , carrying a scythe in right hand . she shuffles along to center stage whilst facing audience , using her left hand to pick up and inspect supermarket items .  newline newline enter life stage left . he  s wearing a white robe with embroidered flower motifs , and a crown of roses on his head .  newline newline life : hey there , little sister ! fancy finding you here ! long time no see ! newline newline death :  underwhelmed  hello life . what a surprise newline newline life : so how have things been going down here on earth ? i  ve heard you  ve been doing a fantastic job ! newline newline death : same as usual i guess . newline newline life : come on little sis , don  t you go all modest on me ! what  s the most lives you claimed in a day this year ? must be that earthquake in pakistan at the end of september . you clocked over 800 people that time yeah ? good going ! not as good as me though . you know , yet another year of net worldwide population growth and all that newline newline death :  mumbling  it  s because you have an unfair advantage . the humans are on your side . newline newline life : you know that  s not true ! they were seriously helping you out during their last two world wars . newline newline death : that was over sixty years ago . newline newline life : yeah , and afterwards they developed the atomic and hydrogen bombs . those looks promising ! newline newline death : but they never really used them . now they  re all over this new  cyberwar  or whatever they call it . nobody dies from that . newline newline life : now , now , reaper sister , why so grim ?  chuckles to himself  see what i did there ? reaper , grim ? grim reaper ? never mind why don  t you just ask for another pandemic for christmas ? if the almighty thinks you  ve been a good girl he might give you another avian or porcine flu ? newline newline death : you think so ? newline newline life : yeah sure ! something along the lines of the h5n1 or the h1n1 would complement that hiv of yours nicely . slap on a different number and you  re good to go ! maybe with a bit of luck you  ll get a good run with it . newline newline death :  getting excited  you think i can pull off another black death ? newline newline life : why not ? just make sure you let me know before hand ! you almost got me worried back then , i thought you were going to win ! you damn near killed half of europe with that plague . newline newline death : that was the point . newline newline life : but where would you be if you killed all the humans ! you  d only have the animals , plants and fungi to play with newline newline death :  interrupting  and the protista and monera ! newline newline life : yeah , but those are a bit shit aren  t they ! seriously little sister , if it weren  t for me you  d have destroyed everything by now . then you  d be in a sorry state wouldn  t you ! but fear not . big brother will always be there to stop you from doing anything stupid . newline newline death : you  re stupid . newline newline life : now , now . let  s not get hurtful . after all , i  m your big brother who will always love you to death .  more chuckles  anyway , i  m hearing good things about that global warming thing you  ve got going on . can  t freeze them so you melt them eh ? looking forward to that . newline newline death : actually after the initial rise in temperate there  ll be another ice age and then newline newline life :  interrupting  yeah , yeah . sounds lovely . anyway , i can  t spend all eternity here talking to you . got plants to pollinate , eggs to fertilize , births to deliver and cells to multiply ! so much do to that sometimes i wonder how i manage it all . i guess i  m just awesome . catch you some other time little sister ! take it easy  don  t work yourself to death !  bursts into laughter  hah ! work yourself to death . good one . i  m a genius newline newline exit death stage right .  newline newline death :  under her breath  i hope someday you die of laughter . newline newline christmas music gets much louder and more cheerful .  newline newline curtain . ron has always been a little bit off . not in a threatening way , but in a way that made me think he was more focused on something else , something i could nt know about . it always seemed like he was only half there when i talked to him , and eventually i stopped trying to make conversation . i did nt expect to be invited to his house , and when i was , it felt like i was about to be let in on something . little did i know . newline newline i arrived at his house at almost dark , and it certainly did nt help . the house looked almost comically like a haunted house , like something designed to scare children . in february . the really weird thing was , though , that it seemed genuine in a way that i did nt understand . like it just made sense . it was almost endearing , really . newline newline i knocked on the door , and it opened . i did nt see ron . maybe the house really is haunted ?  i thought , sarcastically at the time . i entered the living room with beer in hand , not even knowing if ron drank . ron walked into the living room from a hallway . he was saying something to someone i could nt see in the hallway behind him , and when he looked towards me he almost seemed surprised to see me . newline newline  nice house .  i said , not really knowing what else to say in this situation . newline newline  sometimes .  he replied . maybe it s not insulated very well .  newline newline  i brought some booze . i did nt know if you  newline newline the fridge door opened forcefully , seemingly without provocation . i looked at it , confused , and back at ron . he was looking at the fridge with a scolding look that did nt do my confusion any favors . then it dawned on me . newline newline  voice activated fridge , eh ? pretty cool .  newline newline  yeah , i guess you could say that .  newline newline i was confused again . then i got it . say that . like with voice activation . weird that he did nt deliver it better , though . i laugh a bit too late , and ron looks confused . probably used to a quicker audience .  newline newline  whats for eats tonight ?  newline newline i do nt know why i phrased it like that . just seemed to fit with the weirdness of the night , i guess . newline newline  i ordered some pizza .  newline newline  not much of a cook , huh ?  newline newline  no . i ca nt ever get the stove to cooperate .  he said , with a sort of dejected look . newline newline  i m sure it s not that bad . you can probably improve if you tried too .  i say , for some reason feeling the need to motivate him . newline newline  do you want to watch the game while the pizza s on the way ?  he asked . newline newline the t.v turned on with the same abruptness as the fridge , and their was indeed a game on . i did nt really know who was playing , or really care . newline newline  sure .  i said , relieved to see him smile for the first time . newline newline  is everybody else going to come watch , too ?  i asked . newline newline  oh there s nobody else here .  newline newline i looked back at the hallway , confused . maybe he has a cat . a handful of excerpts from genesis chronicles . gc is a set of novels i have mapped out that follows the trials and tribulations of erik stonewater as he endures pain and transformation in order to become the man the universe needs him to be . this is where it pulls it s title from and not the first book of the bible . newline newline  from  chapter 1   https : drive.google.comopen ? id0b2ikm7vxpis0nmhlnlu2bem1rgs  authuser0  of genesis  book 1  newline newline  from  chapter 2   https : drive.google.comopen ? id0b2ikm7vxpis0nmhlnlu2bem1rgs  authuser0  of genesis  book 1  newline newline  from  unknown chapter   https : drive.google.comopen ? id0b2ikm7vxpis0nmhlnlu2bem1rgs  authuser0  of the darkness  book 3   warning : some spoilers , but it s an action piece i wrote knowing where i was going once the full arc was written out . usurvivortype really likes it . so it has that going for it .   newline newline  also set in the same universe is my feb novella contest  10,400 words  entry  aoxe : foeade   http : redd.it2xcm1i  , set roughly 1100 years prior to the events in genesis . following a spinoff adventure of erik s mentor , lucius furveros aoxe  ehox  an ancient roman centurion . newline newline follow me at rnateparkerbookshomosapien three lay prone on a rooftop just overlooking the town . he held his sight steady and always with sapiens one and two in peripheral vision as they made their way through the main street . several gorilla guards were patrolling the streets . each time they are about to pass , sapien three flashes the others to alert . slowly sapiens one and two make their way to the end of the street near a large town hall . as the gorillas lumber by the entrance and make their way behind the building sapien one and two make their way to an open window to the left of the main entrance . wading though dense cobweb , they climb into an empty room . they looked carefully around the room checking for rat detection rat spots . after deeming the room safe . sapien one radios three .  we can talk in here , seems that rats would nt even stay in this place . kelly , prep the live feed back to homebase . send them everything i say . flash into the window when ready  said one in a whispered , deep masculine voice . newline newline the flash came and they carried on the mission . one indicates for two to take point and the two proceed slowly to the main hall .  cobwebs everywhere , we have seen seven of these on our route but this is the largest . there were largest boxes on carts they must use to transport to the surrounding towns . the flora and fauna levels are the worst we have yet to see , god knows the destruction is further into the warzone . trying to starve us out they are . entering the main hall . jesus christ . in a sea of web surrounded one and two . there are pillars of spiders . the whole god damn building . this one must be over year old . jesus  . one and two looked around the room with a mixture of awe and fear . one s radio bleeps ,  the gorilla s patrol is missing  whispered three , in a raspy light tone . newline newline one and two assess the situation as they look over the whole room .  seven rillas , too many . the webs  orders one to two waving towards the larger webs in the back of the room . the two submerge themselves deep onto the podium at the end of the room . thundering sounds come from all sides of the building . they were charging through the main hallways echoing into the main hall .  we have to get our of here  two attempts to whisper while spitting lightly to get the spiders away from her mouth .  just wait it out , steph  whispered one in a gentle tone . she shut her eyes , clenched he mouth and held her hands tight over her face . the smaller spiders still found a way through her hands . as one climbed up a crevice in her nostril , she could not help it but scream . the stampeding suddenly stopped , and resumed .  they know we are here , retreat kelly , rendezvous at site four in ten  commanded one . one grabs two . stand beside that door , when i say run , run  ordered one .  dad , im so sorr  cried two .  just get out of here with your sister  commanded recon sergeant donovan . newline newline stephanie did as instructed and stood next to the backdoor to the room . donovan walked to the centre twirling while letting of machinegun fire .  hey ! over here you damn dirty apes !  he yelled . thunder struck . gorillas charged in from the front entrance . donovan was able to take down the first two but three more charged in as his clip ended . as this happens the backdoor crashes though with two more gorillas charging in and stumbling over one another .  go , rendezvous with kelly ! i ll meet you guys there  cried one heroically as he dashed for the side window through thick web . stephanie , without hesitation , took the opportunity to sneak out the backdoor . she heard the glass shatter from behind . she made her way to a bathroom behind the main hall . she did nt go unnoticed . newline newline there was not many webs in the bathroom . stephanie made her way to the window . it was a huge segmented window with small glass panes and wood between . the only opening was small , with only the top panes pulling inward . she readies her gun to break the window . stopping mid strike , she hears a noise heading down the hallway . searching room to room a gorilla trundled towards stephanie . knowing the only way out , stephanie readies the butt of her revolver . newline newline the sound of glass breaking and the roar of death dance in unison . stephanie stops smashing the window when a hole big enough is formed . she grabs the broken razor edges of the hole and tries to stuff herself through . the hole was not quite big enough .  shit  she states . readying the revolver as she pulls herself from the window , and as she turns to face the gorilla sliding to turn through the door , she unloads her clip , six shots to the torso of the rampaging gorilla . it falls to the left side of the room as she turns to give the window one last resounding hit before climbing through . she slams to the hard dusty ground of the garden . there is a moment to pain and agony but she begins to rise . ears ringing , and hunched , she is regaining her straight posture . she notices her gun on the ground . as she bends to grab it the window pane smashes out from the building . the gorilla she shot leaps towards her direction . a swinging fist catches stephanie in the hips . they both tumble away from the building . on the ground winded , stephanie is fumbling for bullets in a side pocket . the bullets fall to the floor as she opens the bullet chamber . the gorilla rises as she manages to get a bullet in the chamber . the gorilla gets to a stand and rises both arms in the air to strike . stephanie turns pointing the gun and the gorillas head splits into several pieces exploding backwards . stephanie turns her head to see kelly , off in the distance , legs squared with her body , both hands on her revolver with not flinch of recoil to show .  right between the eyes , i guess beauty really is in the eye of the beholder , come on sis we need to get to site four  said kelly with a small smirk as she got near to stephanie . kelly put stephanie s arm around her shoulders , making their way out of the town they were both silent , once outside , kelly went by standard procedure , whispering their location to their father everyone half mile . newlineit had been coming for a long time . the rapid denouement of human civilisation was sparked over a simple thing , water . the third world was hit the hardest , mass drought exacerbated problems and millions died . the usa forced mass migrations to refugee camps away from dry areas where providing water was just too expensive . europe crumbled as more trillions were poured into massive desalination plants along the coast and immigration northwards for reliable water . the middle east was stricken with more conflict , and exploitation of oil for energy continued , the blood bath continued . newline newline their was a small glimmer of hope and human intrigue left in the world . the ares project . among the chaos of a rapidly unravelling of humanity , a colony ship was built by a joint world fund . after many technical setbacks , terrorist attacks and political swings in opinion the  ark  was launched . it reached mars and the colony established . for a while on earth people bathed in the optimism that the mars colony produced . newline newline we thrived , advanced nuclear salt reactors powered the colony from the moon itself . large biodomes where being established to create habitat for human and saved animal a like . in the beginning there was an initial crew of 500 . sent to build and set up habitats for the 4500 coming in the second population ship . the population ship arrived and the habitats where built . terraforming of the planet itself had begun with huge carbon vents across the surface run by the 5000 newly martian population . newline newline communication with the packet of world news was as dreary as ever . more wars across eastern europe , asia and the americas sprung up and yet more millions died . 20 years of conflict had torn the earth apart . the next days communication packet did nt come , but sometimes interference did that , i waited . the next day came and went with no backdated communication or a current communication . i was nt that bothered this sometimes happened with the abnormal solar activity . i sent my weekly report stating that the new biodomes were coming along and there had been 13 births in the last month . the next day a different broadcast channel got through with a communication packet . it was a global news builtin from china . it talked about the fall of europe and the huge civil wars that had erupted across north america . nukes . another communication packet came through . sensors on the base were picking up abnormalities in light from earth . the earth lit up , a last scream from humanity desperately throwing light out into the nothing . pinpricks of light flared on the sensors readout , across the whole world . newline newline i tried rapidly accepting all communications to scramble up at the last moments of humanity into the databanks . i watch as primal fire from the depths of an atom engulf the earth , then silence , nothing . no communication , all satellites knocked out by the colossal emp the earth just emitted . the dead husk of our once beautiful planet hung in the darkness , nothing . this is my first term as first citizen of mars and i have just watched the earth go out . newline newline i press down the intercom and state to the watching population .  communication with earth has ceased , we are alone .  i sat there in the silence no one is crying there are no cries of anguish the silence of the colony is only matched by the silence from earth . we were the last glint of humanity , and we were nt gone yet . congratualtions  newline newline the wide eyed and eager stewardess greeted us upon arrival . something about this seemed wrong , even though it was fair . newline newline you have been selected to save to the world  , the sign outstretched over the open blast door streamed . newline newline  honey , grab your sister . honey , take your  ... everything seeming so fast , the pushing and shoving of lines , and guards barking orders . sounds drawn out into a single cacophonous fuzz of confusion . newline newline  honey , take your sister  , said mom . newline newline  do nt get separated no matter what  , she scolded into us , physically placing my hand upon my sisters wrist . newline newline griping at her wrist as if ready to guide her . it s time to be the older brother . newline newline a deep hue of red filled the room and lite the walls . what was once white light now drowned in a crimson that casts itself across the corridor , as if it was the blood of those left behind . the bright red fading in moments to a black , a darkness broken by emergency lights spinning , and the glow of electronics . newline newline  mandy , your wrist  , i spoke out in the dark . the bright glow of my little sisters wristband now showing 20  . newline newline looking down upon myself . newline newline  my wrist band is changed too  , showing 19  . newline newline it was then it became obvious . the meek who bought a ticket inherited all the world , and i assume the pilot and stewardess get a take as well .it was a harsh world . newline newline my father was one of the first to level up . he killed my mother and my brother to gain power . he only left me alive to raise a daughter . newline newline laws did nt apply to anyone . it was every man for himself . newline newline but the stronger you are , the more exp you re worth . rankings never stayed constant , beyond the top five people . my father was one of them . newline newline to kill them would raise you to the top , but they were experts at killing . it was a death wish to try and take them out . newline newline i could never kill . i was scared of even harming bugs . i was a disappointment to my father , and sometimes i wondered why he never killed me . newline newline he never showed me much love , as expected from a serial killer . i was just a tool for him to use . i would throw out the dead bodies for him , or scout for potential victims . newline newline he never once feared me . newline newline i remember when the game was first revealed . a broadcast to every nation in the world . newline newline people killed for the dream  to be level 100 . the first person to reach level 100 could become a god . newline newline it was too good to be true . newline newline every level presented upgrades  enhancing your strength , your agility , your stamina . the first few murderers suddenly became more powerful . it did nt take long for people to believe the game was real . governments fell . nothing was there to keep order , and cooperations began to exploit their workers even more . newline newline everyone was determined to become a god . newline newline my father was close to becoming level 100 , but the higher you got the more kills it took . soon , competition between the highest ranking players got rough . newline newline they started to take each other out . newline newline my father started first , taking someone the same level as him out . it was a tough battle , and he nearly lost an eye . but he watched his level finally go up , to 95 . newline newline i wondered a lot at times , what would my father do if he became a god ? newline newline would he become a world leader ? would he bring my mother and brother back ? newline newline or would he continue this sick game ? newline newline i lost hope in everyone . it felt like a nightmare i could nt escape . i had two options to end this dream . newline newline to kill myself , or to kill others . newline newline i thought about it for a while  i wanted to die . my family was dead and my father was a serial killer . newline newline i could never kill people . never . but after years of taking out literal corpses , and after years of witnessing this world , i realized something . newline newline the only way to escape this hell is to create the world anew . newline newline i do nt know how i got the courage , but i did . my father slept peacefully , and never had his guard up with me . he knew i would never hurt him . i was too weak . newline newline i gave him a quick death , slicing his throat . he woke up right when it sliced his throat , and he only had a few seconds to react . he looked at me with surprise , but i stabbed directly into his heart . newline newline i watched a bar appear over my head , quickly bringing me to level 80 . he was worth that much . newline newline blood was all over my clothes , and i cried for a bit . i could nt believe i could have really killed him . newline newline but this was nt enough . i needed more . i needed to become a god . newline newline i decided i would only target the highest ranking players  the worst offenders of this game . if i had to kill , i would kill the scum first . newline newline i will become a god , and i will clean this world . i will stop this madness . newline newline if i do nt fall into madness first , that is . newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newlinehappy endings seem far too clich . newline newline i think people here want to explore the more depressing side of their imagination . it s easy to have the hero escape on a plane and marry the love of his life , it is nt easy to have him die forgotten in an alleyway . depressing writing is almost  at least , for me  a means of stretching my own imagination . newline newline the same goes for emotions provoked in the reader . if the character is likeable , the author can easily stir up sadness and other powerful emotions through that character s misfortune . it is nt as easy to provoke a strong reaction for a character using a happy ending , so most happy endings seem too hollow for people to write .everyday i go through life feeling this emptiness inside of me . it feels as if something is missing . i do nt know what it is and i do nt know why i feel it . newline sometimes the feeling gets really bad and all i can do to help it is cry . i just have to break down and bawl until the feeling subsides . newline it does nt matter where i am or who i m with . newline after i while i had to see a therapist , but all she did was tell me i m clinically depressed . she even gave me pills to help it . they did nt work . newline right now i m sitting in a cafe and i can feel the emptiness slowly growing . i clutched the coffee mug tighter and attempted to will it away . newline it s not working . the feeling is slowly taking over me and tears are threatening to spill . newline a guy came and sat in front of me . newline  are you okay ?  he had a british accent . newline  fine ,  i muttered . newline  no you re not . you are missing something ,  he said . newline i looked up at him in surprise . how did he know ? newline  and i know what it is . sorry i ve held on to it for so long , but i just did nt know where to find you . when i walked in here it started to beat real loudly and glow . well anyways , here you go .  newline he reached into his bag and handed me a heart . you know , not all of darla s eggs were unfertilized .  newline newline i looked up , confused as to what the old bird next to me was going on about . newline newline  excuse me ? cluck who the fuck is darla ?  newline newline  my boy , you were nt around long enough to know darla haha .  cluck wheezed , shifting uncomfortably in his shackles that hung him from the roof .  she was a special hen , my darla was .  newline newline this was confusing the hell out of me , i never knew a darla in my 4 years at summerside farms , but cluck was an old cock ... newline newline  who was she then ?  i asked , trying to distract myself from the rather gloomy situation i was hung up in . newline newline cluck was quiet for a moment , his eyefeathers pressed together like he was trying to remember . newline newline  darla ... my boy let me tell you something about darla . she was nt the biggest hen , or had the softest feathers . she did nt lay the most eggs or sing the loudest , but boy ill tell you what . darla was what i woke up to do my call every morning for . she was that special one that i cockadoodledood loudest for . i m just a lowly chicken , son . but darla was an angel , the one finefeathered friend i fell in love with from day one . and there was only one chick i loved more .  newline newline  who ?  i exclaimed , intrigued by the old mans story , regretting the obvious pain in his eyes was something i could never understand . newline newline  we shared a nest one night , and a while later , one of her eggs hatched , and out came my daughter , click .  newline newline i was astonished . rather than get into the details of that night , i inquired  what happened to her ?  newline newline  she ...  newline clank thud wheeeeeee newline the turnstile revved up and i felt the conveyor belt holding my legs start to roll forward to the saws . the rock in my stomach sank even lower , i knew this was it . something hurt even more than that though . as i moved towards the saws , i couldnt help but feel the painful twangs of regret pull at my heart , and i felt jealousy towards he grizzled old cock next to me . there lay a chicken who in his short life had somehow found what it meant to love , what it meant to love someone new , and what it felt like the bring in new life from the actions of that love . cluck hung before me , but where before i saw a gray old chicken , now i saw a father , a husband , a lover . i saw a chicken who has lived . i looked over at cluck once more , and what i saw shocked me even more . he was staring straight ahead , with the furthest extent a smile he could manage with a beak . i saw him mouth the words newline  i m coming home click  newline a single tear rolled down my feather , and i no longer felt fear .beyond the mountains of omelas , nestled in a rook or a cranny , on the edge of a field that grows but does not grow well , is an old man . newline newline there has always been an old man there , and there always will be . he has no father , and he has no sons , but he is as real as any of the lost ones who wander through the hills , as real as the wretched lamb of omelas , bound for slaughter but never slaughtered . newline newline it it him who greets the refugees from paradise , who offers meals , as meager newline and bland as they go . he does not offer much , provisions or answers both . newline he merely watches the horizon from dawn till dusk , then he retires until the sun returns , and he greets it upon his rocking chair as he has always done . newline newline his steady rhythm and even breaths do not inspire comfort , not does his newline protesting rocking chair take the edge off the wayfarers . they find their skin itching , their teeth grinding , and inevitably , they wander on forth . newline newline until a young girl , who has one eye green and one eye blue , meets the old man . newline she tells him that it is her brother perhaps , who is trapped in that awful room . she does not know who he is , but she knows that he is family . she still remembers his eyes , as odd as her own , recoiling from beautiful sunlight , and his hunched posture , moving on his knuckles like a primitive ape . newline newline she questions her parents , and they dismiss her with a wave of their hand , they come up with excuses , so many excuses , but that boy in the closet newline haunts her daylight hours , even though she falls asleep to the most wonderful dreams . he might even be a longdistant cousin , for he has eyes like her , and in another life , it might be her , squatting like an animal with a queereyed relative observing her suffering . newline newline there are many who walk away from omelas , but only one decides to go back . newline newline she does not find the old man s silence tiresome , she does not mind the groaning newline of his chair , nor the heaviness of his snoring . she observes his routine like clockwork , and when another countrywoman passes through , the young girl reaches out her arms and breaks the cycle . newline newline the young girl eats her bland dinner without complaint , and encourages everyone to stay right where they are . newline newline numbers grow slowly , but surely , as the young girl stops any who try to walk further , then the final mountain pass . even though , once upon a time , all who left omelas knew where they were going , the oddeyed girl never did . she offers them a choice , to keep on walking or to stay . newline newline  we will return to omelas ,  she tells each one .  but we wo nt allow suffering as our families do .  newline newline their determination is replaced by uncertainty , they walk around the old man and his cottage as lost sheep . but the girl is their shepherd , and she guides them back home . newline newline the city is still as beautiful as it has always been , the summer is not overly hot , and the breeze arrives whenever one finds themselves wishing for it . the wayfarers return from the darkness , from their bland meals and weary bones , but they are smiling , and they are not wanting for omelas  luxuries . newline newline they are met with curiosity , with wonder , as many have no reason to leave , so they have never seen beyond their own city . mothers welcome sons , and fathers welcome daughters , and a celebration is held to welcome the lost ones who are no longer lost . newline newline the food is , as always , delightful , and the music is , as always , haunting . the wayfarers pass their plates around , not consuming despite how desperately their mouths water , or how tempting it all smells . the food vanishes nonetheless , into a little sack , held by the young girl under the tables . newline newline a lady turns around to find her soap has vanished from the side of her bath , a washcloth , clean clothes , a comforting blanket . all find their way into the little sack . newline newline at long last , the young girl braces herself in front of the door , and opens it . newline newline inside , is perhaps her brother or cousin , or maybe someone completely unrelated , that by pure chance or a genetic quirk or predetermination shares the same mismatched eyes that she does . he backs away from her , further into his den of excrement and misery . newline newline the girl gags , but reaches forth nonetheless , grasping the boy s hands and yanking him , by force , into the world . newline newline the festivities carry on , some distance away , as her band of merry thieves sneak away , one by one . newline newline it may be as the elders say , that omelas will fall within the hour . newline newline but the oddeyed girl also remembered the justification of the little boy sniveling in the dark . she sees him now with his rags replaced with silk , his feet adorned with slippers , with as many desserts and pastries he can cram into his mouth , and remembers the platitudes that he was  newline newline   too degraded and imbecile to know any real joy .  newline newline true , he can not speak , but his expression could be described as sheer , and profound , delight . newline newline   too uncouth for it to respond to any humane treatment .  newline newline he can not say thank you , but he can hug , as fiercely as a wretched child has ever hugged his saviors . do nt forget to breathe .  newline newline the pressure was rising , picking up tempo like a fevered heartbeat , drumming against the inside of her chest . it had started as a staccato rhythm at first , each beat ricocheting softly around her center mass with small pops . as the sensation of sinking became more pronounced , the pressure inside rose in kind . she could not see , much less breathe . newline newline  breathe ,  the voice insisted . calm yet firm , the words were accompanied by a feathery touch . newline newline it did nt seem possible . against the pressure and the rising panic , breathing seemed like the most impossible thing at the moment . still , she tried , opening and closing her mouth in yawning , awkward snaps like a goldfish . the pressure did not abate , but it did nt seem to hinder her frenzied gulps of air , either . she opened her eyes , curling her body towards the touch and the voice . all around her was a grey , fuzzy void but the source of the insistent voice was there beside her . newline newline  do nt worry ,  she said . as she smiled she seemed to become more defined , separate from the foggy nothingness around them .  you know me , do nt you ?  newline newline  we ve been ... been here ? before ? or after ?  newline newline  both ,  she said , and reached out with both hands to draw her companion closer , threading warm fingers through dark hair . newline newline  ione ?  newline newline  yes ,  she replied ,  and who are you ?  it was a leading question , gently nudging the girl towards the answer that was just barely within reach . newline newline  i am ...  she shook her head , as if that would relieve the pressure inside of her chest or the pounding in her head . she clung to ione with a desperate iron grip , pressing a clammy forehead against the smooth slope of her neck .  i am ainsley ,  she whispered ,  i am ainsley . me .  newline newline  yes ,  ione whispered , her voice cracking almost imperceptibly .  i have been skrying for you . do you remember ?  the rest of the question she could not bear to ask , the last word hanging back from the rest , though it was all ione wanted to ask : me ? do you remember me ?  newline newline ainsley shuddered , feeling the weight of things almostremembered pressing against the back of her mind .  over and over again . how many times have ... have we had ... ?  newline newline  we ve dreamed this many times . and i will scry for you again if again we fail ,  ione soothed , pressing both hands against ainsley s cheeks to cup her heartshaped face .  again and again . but we must try . can you try ?  newline newline  yes ,  ainsley whispered brokenly , and then with more strength :  yes .  newline newline  do nt let go . no matter what you feel . do nt let go ,  ione insisted , hooking her arms around ainsley and clinging tightly .  i m taking you with me this time . i promise .  newline newline i promise .  newline newline a steely spike of pain exploded through them both like a lance . the drumming inside of ainsley s chest reached a fever pitch of thunderclaps , one right after the other . she could hear someone screaming , though if it was her or ione , she did not know . newline newline i promise .  newline newline ainsley woke with a startled bark , sitting up so quickly the muscles in the core of her stomach protested the sudden , jackknife movement . the room she was in was white and warm , flooded with light from the windows on the west wall . there was another bed beside hers , similarly made with white , crisp sheets and a plain , steel frame . ione pushed the thin sheets back and sat up slowly , swinging her legs over the edge of the bed and standing on uncertain , wobbly legs . newline newline  i promised ,  she murmured softly , and held out one scarred , pale hand .  did nt i ?  newline newline honey , there s something i got ta tell you .  newline newline  hmm ?  taylor said , mouthful of ramen newline newline  i m pregnant .  newline newline  what ?  taylor started choking . newline newline  i said i m pregnant ! are you okay ?  taylor s face was changing color to a nice blue . newline newline  oh my god are you choking ?  newline newline taylor nodded , skylar got up but someone knocked at the door . newline newline  one minute !  skylar races towards taylor , but the people knocking kicked out the door . newline newline  do nt move ! this is a robbery !  newline newline  oh god !  skylar stopped moving and put her hands up . taylor fell to the floor , still choking . newline newline  go get em , terry .  newline newline one of the robbers , the bigger of the two , slowly approached skylar . upon seeing taylor though , they stopped . newline newline  yo jessie , come check this out . i think this one s choking .  newline newline  so shoot them !  newline newline  what ! hell no , you shoot them .  newline newline  do nt be a pussy , just do it .  newline newline  i m not doing that .  newline newline  god fine . i guess i will .  newline newline jessie walked up to taylor , gun drawn . the room stood still , anticipating a loud bang . newline newline  fuck i ca nt do it . we can just let them choke .  newline newline  that s fucked , wait what if they pin murder on us for not helping ?  newline newline  that s not murder .  newline newline  manslaughter then .  newline newline  okay , you watch what s your name ?  newline newline  skylar .  newline newline  right , you watch skylar and i ll give mcchoke the heimlich .  newline newline  do you even know how to do it ?  terry asked , gun now pointed at skylar . newline newline  ca nt be that hard .  newline newline jessie picked taylor  whose face was now purple  up and started the heimlich . after a few pumps something is thrown into the room , followed by a blinding flash . newline newline  goddamit jenkins , you blinded me too .  newline newline  sarge , i ca nt see !  newline newline  shit ! terry it s the cops ! shoot them !  newline newline gun shots started ringing back and forth across the room . newline newline  ow ! goddamit !  newline newline  who got shot ? taylor are you okay ?  skylar yelled . newline newline vision now returning it became obvious that the only one that was shot was kablam newline newline another bright white light flashed outside the windows . newline newline  you ve got to be fucking kidding me .  sarge said .  it s a fucking nuke .  newline newline the nuclear fire wiped not just the people out , but the home itself . now no one will ever know what happened . fuck you for reading this .hi jim . newline newline you told me after our last fight that maybe it would be better off if we did nt speak again . your sisters all told me that you ve left the state with a different girl . newline newline i get the message , james . really , i do . newline newline but i want you to know that the time we spent together was the best time in my life . we were together for so long . remember when you would get sick and i d take care of you ? or all the times i made your favorite dinner ? or the time i took you to visit your greatgrandfather on your father s side at the nursing home and it started pouring on the drive home ? i was so scared , but you kept me safe and warm . newline newline but more than all of these things , i miss the way we used to playfully wrestle before our nights began . it made me feel so young again . newline newline anyway , i am writing you to wish you well , not to further burden you . you let me know if you need anything , anything at all . i will always love you . newline newline you always were my favorite son . newline newline love , newline mallory , newline your loving mother . you do nt understand , my favourite drink is actually pepsi ! pepsi !  newline newline she kicked and screamed as two burly men , suited and imposing , dragged her down the hallway . two lines of people watched her apathetically . i sighed , shuffling the paperwork before slotting it into a file . newline newline  next ?  newline newline people ask me how i sleep at night , how i can sit there as people dreams are crushed over the results of a sixquestion survey . most of the time i simply shrug : it s a job after all , you just do what you can to get by . newline newline the buzzfeed bureau of quiz complaints  bbqc  is by far the busiest building in the central london . that s not even an exaggeration . you ll only find larger crowds and queues on the underground and possibly around trafalgar square . the sheer amount of foot traffic we receive is mindboggling  last year they had to install flagstones throughout the building due to how regularly the carpets were ruined . newline newline a man steps up to my window , looking wildeyed and frightened despite his attempt to dress up in a crumpled suit . we re divided into long hallways in the bbqc , each teller assigned around two hundred people with complaints over their results . newline newline  yes ?  i ask , already reaching for the rejected stamp . newline newline  i ... i want to change my celebrity bff .  newline newline my eyebrows rose .  who were you assigned , and who would you prefer ?  as he stuttered i glanced at his papers , quickly bringin up his details on my terminal . newline newline  i got kanye west , and i d prefer , well , anyone else to be honest .  newline newline  okay mr ... coleman ?  he nodded .  good . well , it says here that your favourite fast food restaurant is burger king . is that correct ?  newline newline  well , yes , but  newline newline  next !  newline newline  but he keeps calling me !  the man slammed a palm against the glass of the booth in desperation .  he wo nt stop talking !  newline newline as if my clockwork two more burly men appeared to manhandle him away . they are certainly efficient , bbqc security . they operate in shifts , teams rotating back to the front of the queue to drag the next helpless plaintiff away . newline newline another man , slightly taller , strode up to the window . newline newline  you people are scum , you know that ?  newline newline he d been waiting an hour or so and the summer heat  and the broken air conditioning  had obviously rendered his manners obsolete . newline newline i sighed . three years i d been working this job and not once do i go home feeling like i ve made a difference . i was assigned the job , just like everyone else did . my sister did the same quiz as me and now she s a marine biologist . newline newline if only i had nt said my favourite disney movie was hercules .it was about noon in my dunghole of an office when it happened . i had just loosened my tie and drawn my stateissued dagger given to interpreters of the law , and my underpaid intern  whom which i had no idea why she bothered to stick around  had equipped her shoes in her hand , the two of us cornering a fairly large basiliskcockroach , when someone opened the door . i looked up at the door in surprise , as normally criminals tended to want to pay off the crown or take the axe , and the basiliskcockroach grasped the opportunity and slithered away into the gap between tables . my intern lunged for it , with a large smack hit the floor and continued to slide until her head hit the end of one of the tables , all the while i gazed at the figure stepping in from the dusty bluegray sunlight . newline newline  royal state lawyer isiah joneson ?  asked the man that i now recogized as a baliff sent by the upper levels of our uncaring government , recogized mostly by the obvious gilded trims on his jacket . newline newline i sheathed my cheap ceremonial dagger at my side and hastily fixed my tie as i approached the man .  present ,  i replied . newline newline  ah ,  he began ,  fantastic . the royal court has appointed you the lawyer of a new defendant .  he thrust what i assumed was a summons to me , rolled and sealed with red wax stamped with the royal seal .  under penalty of losing the powers bestowed to you by the royal court , you are obligated to  newline newline  yes , yes , you do nt have to recite the whole damned thing .  i waved irritably at him , but he seemed relieved . newline newline he bowed stiffly , as apparently a man living in a basiliskcockroach dump of a stonebricked office was officially higher rank than a decorated man that walked the streets with paudrons of gold thread .  the royal court appreciates your service ,  he said stiffly . and then he was gone , back out into the dusty bluegrey sunlight outside . newline newline my intern stood up shakily , holding onto the table for balance , and brushing a loose hair back behind her ear .  what is it this time ,  she inquired ,  another smartmouthed treasonist ?  newline newline  i hope not ,  i breathed as i slid over to my desk to look for my letter opener . unable to find it , i drew my knife  which by the way should never be used in any of the ways i have used it thus far  and cut the wax seal in half . newline newline  ah ,  i said , beginning to read the parchment as i unrolled it .  it seems we shall be representing a smartmouthed dragon instead .  today was looking up . newline newline   newline newline  now mister  newline newline  drop the mistur . druk , i prefer .  the dragon s voice shook the fireproof , scratchproof , shatterproof , smashproof , and generally dragonproof  though strangely not musketproof so i heard  sheet of glass that separated us . the voice of the dragon carried through the glass , but i held a phone with my shoulder as i scrambled through my notes and papers of ancients laws that my intern had helped prepare . truthfully , the dragon was a much better student of the law than i , having been present when it was made , but it seemed the royal court outlawed selfrepresentation in front of a judge . as it was , i was to represent this dragon and try to make a case for him . newline newline  druk , then . you ve been accused of hundreds of accounts of manslaughter , more cases of assault ,  i paused at one of the claimes ,  apparently a single case of sexual harassment   newline newline  i will admit to that one ,  druk huffed with a swirl of smoke . i looked up at him , and it very definitely seemed like he was smiling . newline newline  anyways , those and the unfathamable amount of property damage .  newline newline  ever hear of insurance fraud ?  he huffed with another rumble . my quill tipped over with the shaking . newline newline i quickly snatched it back up before it splotched over all my notes .  well , regardless , i do nt see a way to dismiss all the charges or get you out of this .  i sighed as i adjusted my tie and switched shoulders for the phone .  some of the murders i can get you off of by using the vigilante ruling of 812 , which will get you about a month of prison for offense , but these are human lives here .  i put my notes down and locked eyes with him . his huge reptilian eyes squinted back at me .  we could use an insanity defense , but i ca nt in good conscience let you fly free , not when you re accused of taking this many lives .  newline newline  no .  newline newline i recoiled in my uncomfortable dungeon chair .  what no ?  newline newline  i did not do any of it ,  was the rumbled snarl , accompanied with a spot of flame . newline newline i sat in disbelief at what i was hearing .  could you repeat that for me ?  i asked meekly . newline newline  i am innocent of it all , and i can prove it .  newline newline   newline newline the first day at the royal court , i found myself a nervous wreck in the washroom . there were crews of newscasters with their live cameras and crystal balls all trying to push into the building , trying to get a piece of the best scoop of the century . it was cacophonaic chaos . newline newline my intern was busy going through some final notes with the dragon . it had been a very busy few weeks , leading up to this heartpounding moment , but the quiet of the washroom calmed me . i splashed more water into my face . newline newline  you can do this ,  i confidently assured the face in the mirror . i stood up and attempted to fix my tie again . satisfied , i turned and found myself facetoface with a member of the royam family , whom i had nt noticed come in . newline newline  prince tyran !  i nearly screamed . newline newline he smiled back at me as he took off his gloves .  isiah . hello .  he smiled .  quite the event today for you , is nt it ?  i did nt like his smooth voice . newline newline  what do you want , milord ?  i tried to ask kindly . newline newline  oh , to the point . i do suppose , yes , you are short on time .  he glanced to the door .  well , i shalll make this short .  newline newline like a whirling whirlstorm , he spun his sword out of sheath and to my neck , pushing me against the wall . newline newline  the dragon is not to win .  he hissed .  you understand ? that dragon does not win , and i will not touch your life  or your intern s .  newline newline i pushed him off and carefully pulled the tip of his sword away . newline newline  his name is druk ,  i stated as i fixed my tie again , pushing out of the lixurious washroom into the mess of noise outside . newline newline   newline newline i fingered the hilt of my dagger absently . druk and my intern sat behind me expectantly . druk somehow managed a subtle nod , something that i had thought previously impossible . newline newline i turned back to face the royal court seated high above me . at the forefront sat the queen , her king seated to her right . far to my left sat the prince who had threatened me moments ago . his face had a gentle smile . i flashed him a small grin , and watched his face slowly turn to pure horror . newline newline i began .  your grace , i will show to the royal court that , undoubtedly , my client , the dragon known as druk , is completely innocent of all his crimes and without fault   newline newline the room exploded before i could finish . i continued , yelling above the excited talking . newline newline  without fault for the crimes of the murder of twothousand and ninety two citizens , without fault for the assault of seventeenthousand and fourty citizens , without fault for the destruction of countless amounts of property across our fair kingdom , and that he has been in fact grossly misrepresented and slandered by the media ,  especially in the case of the hooker from the capitol  and that none of these acts were caused by him ! rather ! i will prove to you that my client has been framed for these crimes !  newline newline the room was at a deafening volume at that . the prosecution asked the royal court that we would ajourn for the day . they granted the request .this is nt the way i wanted to die . newline newline i wanted the world to slowly fade as i lay in bed , empty pill bottle in my hand , halffull glass of water on the nightstand , watching the birds fly and the squirrels play outside the window . newline newline i wanted the waves to present my body as a gift to the pure white sands of the beach , giving the gulls something to amuse themselves with . newline newline i wanted my hanging corpse to be the focus of a breathtaking , somber sight , a broken man in a pristine world . newline newline and yet , here i am , on the ground , rolling in a pool of thick , hot blood . it hurts . i never wanted pain , i wanted relief . newline newline out of all of the people in the world , out of everyone who ever hurt me , i hated this man the most . newline newline i watched him go through my drawers , comforted by the fact that there was nothing of value he had access to . he would leave disappointed . newline newline i ... newline i ve sunk so low , the only comfort i can take out of this would be my murderer s slight inconvenience . newline newline let death take me at any time now . i could nt stand another moment with my own thoughts to keep me company .kevin leaned back in his comfortable chair , and selected the nonsonic  listening  device from it s dropdown menu . he scrolled through the musical options as they popped onto his hud . with a definitive motion , he selected his favourite oldies station , and began to hum along as he continued to unpack . newline newline kevin s roommate , pol , had finished unpacking some time ago , and was reading up on the syllabi for his upcoming classes . pol made a number of quick glances in the direction of the earthling , but did little to interact with him . this came as no surprise to kevin , as he had heard that pol s race , the issmir , were very taskoriented . newline newline the issmir looked like a strange cross between an ant and a newt . dominant reptilian characteristics were accented with insectoid flair . thin arms , thin , quick legs , and eyes almost too big for their bodies mingled with mandibles and antennae like awkward preteens at a dance . leathery skin seemed to be spray painted with chitin . newline newline kevin continued humming along to the music as it played in his mind , putting literal meaning to having  a song stuck in your head  . the chorus was coming to a close , and it was the only part of the song that he actually remembered , so kevin sung it aloud :  ... when you ve only got a hundred years to live .  newline newline the phrase seemed to echo in the hall . it hung in the air like a thick mist . the issmir boy froze , then slowly turned to the human . kevin , however , was oblivious to the effect that his words had invoked , and simply stretched and continued his musical massacre of a decadesold song . newline newline  wha  what did you just say ?  pol finally sputtered . newline newline kevin stopped humming , glanced up at his hud , and selected the translation program , stopping the music in the process . newline newline  did i say something ? i was only humming .  he flicked at the air , moving the timeline of translation program back and forth . it tracked everything said by the user , and anyone in a defined area . kevin suddenly realised that he looked like a fool , his finger extended from his hand , simply tracking from side to side and back again , and his roommate staring at him like a deer in the headlights  whatever that was  . newline newline confident that his humming had not been mistranslated , he flicked one more painfully obvious time to the end of the timeline , displaying :  a hundred years to live  and stared blankly at the words . newline newline it was pol who snapped out of his daze first . excitedly , he said ,  yes , you did speak . you stated , musically i might add , that you only have one hundred years to live . my planet , issmi , is very similar in composition , axis , orbit , and rotation to your earth . our central stars are also similar , thus , our orbit times around said stars is approximately the same . in fact , this is true for most of the species that have entered the interplanetary alliance . can you really be one hundred years old , though ?  newline newline kevin , slightly shocked by his roommate s sudden burst of extroversion stuttered ,  well , i mean , not yet . i m only twenty . i entered the educational exchange at twenty years old , just like the rest of the hu  i mean , terrans here .  kevin stopped himself quickly . he had learned just a few weeks ago that  umin  was a derogatory term used by the piljaci consortium for some of the other  less desirable  interplanetary races . newline newline  but that ca nt  twenty years ? as in : rotations around your central star ?  kevin nodded , and pol flopped languidly to his spartan mattress , repeating  years ,   years , he says ,  in myriad variations and emphasises . newline newline kevin , confused at the reaction , sat on his own fluffy bedspread . some time later , kevin interrupted pol s breakdown with a question ,  is that strange ?  newline newline pol eased himself up , and looked kevin in the eye .  i always thought it was a mistranslation , an error . there was no way that you terrans could live that long . it is impossible .  he breathed deeply , and lifted seven spindly fingers at kevin ,  seven generations . if the reports are correct , from today , you alone could know seven generations of any other member race of the alliance . you age approximately ten times slower than the rest of us . newline newline  the other races input a candidate to the exchange at twenty percent the average life span . this was the agreed upon age . yet , twenty percent of your age is still twice mine .  pol rested his head back , lying flat .  what has happened in ten of my lifetimes ?  newline newline as pol sat silently , kevin looked up the history of issmi . limiting his search to within the past century , he looked through the timeline : spaceflight , manned orbit , the orbital wars , reconstruction , colonization of a nearby asteroid system , then being discovered by the consortium , who introduced them to ftl travel , then their entrance to the alliance . all of this , however , was done with nearly no significant advances in medical science . the idea of a dedicated healer was a strictly terran concept . during the orbital wars , millions died from rampant infections and a lack of medical care . newline newline this disregard for infection control was also to blame for the deaths of a great many first contact groups . ships were quarantine zones , and intergalactic debate was held without ever greeting the other delegates in person . the alliance was created to increase trust within the intergalactic community , but could only move forward after terran scientists created the intergalactic inoculation nanotechnology program . newline newline kevin found himself staring at the iinp logo of his hud . the nanomachines were the first major step in integrating the various species of the alliance , and were later upgraded to include software for translation , entertainment , education , as well as maintaining the host body for interaction with alien life . the nanotech also increased the average lifespan of all host populations by about ten percent . newline newline pol broke the silence again ,  imagine the things that you must have seen . i mean , what do you do with all that time ? how does someone spend a century ! ?  newline newline  onequarter to onethird , we spend sleeping . personally , i have to get eight hours of sleep a night , or i am useless the next day .  kevin looked back at pol , who was staring again .  what ? you do nt sleep ?  newline newline  not eight hours a night ! that s absurd !  pol shouted , gaunt arms flailing widely . newline newline  the rest of the time ,  kevin said ,  we spend working , entertaining ourselves , and thinking . at least i do .  newline newline  what do you think about ?  newline newline  i do nt know . sometimes it s problemsolving , other times fantasizing , or thinking about how i want to spend my life . you know , like , what i want to do when i get out of the exchange , or what i want to do while i am here . i still have nt picked a major , so i think about that a lot .  newline newline the silence lay on them again . they sat staring , like campers into the darkness , trying to find something that was nt there . they waited for the other person to feed the fire of conversation and dispel the dark . newline newline pol spoke again , though much slower than before ,  our lives are chosen for us on issmi . there is little freedom because we have so little time . we burn through our lives , hoping that the next generation will have an easier time .  newline newline  what good is life , though , if you ca nt do something with it ? why not enjoy it ?  kevin thought a moment , then said ,  something to think about , anyhow .  newline newline  yeah , thank you , kevin ,  said pol .  i think i will think about this .  lying back comfortably , and closing his eyes pol added ,  because i have time . well , 10 days late but i just saw this prompt and got a kick out of it . here goes ... newline newline newline newline the walls of his room at the inn were thin , so he had no trouble hearing the roars of the dragon , the screams of the townfolk , the crash of falling buildings and the crackle of flame . all sounds he had heard countless times before . he finished the last of his sweet roll , and stood from his chair in the corner . newline newline he had happened upon this town on a lake by sheer accident , having spent the last two weeks tracking shadowmere over hill and dale until he found the horse idly nibbling at a bush , not a stone  s throw from where the bridge from this town connected to the shore . daft hellsteed always took off at the slightest whiff of a bandit or wolf , and frankly the dovahkiin figured his horse had killed as many , if not more , creatures than he had . having finally located and secured his wayward mount , he had tiredly led shadowmere across the bridge and into the town , slipping in quietly as there was some big sendingoff party underway . his landlord had said something about dwarves and a mountain and a dragon  he frankly didn  t care . he wanted a place to sleep and eat  chasing that damned horse had been exhausting . but now his impromptu vacation had apparently run into a minor roadblock , in the form of the dragon outside that was incinerating the town at an impressive rate . newline newline the dovahkiin had long ago stopped being bothered by dragons . hard to feel anything but annoyed by them at this point . ditto trolls . and draugr . and wolves . and frostspiders . bears still gave him the heebiejeebies , but that was beside the point . when you have lost track of how many of a particular lifeform you  ve killed , it becomes nothing more than a chore . practiced hands fastened on his armor , forged from the rarest elements in the earth and imbued with souls of beings from another plane . he had taken it all off and stored it under his bed after he kept hearing the locals say how it made him resemble souron , soreon , something like that . some terrible evil warlord or something , these people seemed petrified just to whisper his name . the dovahkiin had met a lot of terrible people too , beings claiming to be evil incarnate and impossible to kill . they all said that , right up until the point they got smashed in the face with a daedric warhammer . it  s hard to be an evil badass when a violent man with a dragon  s soul who can blast you off a cliff with his voice pulps your head like an overripe tomato . maybe he  d go find , sowron or whateverthehell his name was , after he dealt with the damn dragon . newline newline donning his helmet , the dovahkiin gave a little shimmy , settling everything into its comfortable , familiar place on his body . he had done this so many times  like a smithy sharpening an axe , it was all reflex and muscle memory at this point . he brought his hands up , and flexed them inside their armored gauntlets  in a blink fire engulfed his hands and wrists , though he felt no heat . he flexed them again , and they were swathed in icy wisps . a third time , and pure lightening crackled around his gauntlets . because the only thing people were more scared off than a big , angry man in scary armor was a big , angry man in scary armor who was shooting fireballs and spikes of ice from his hands . came in handy for starting campfires and cooling down drinks , though , even if it tended to frighten the natives . newline newline he reached down and picked up his warhammer , the haft comfortable and familiar in his grip . as he brought it up , frost wreathed the hammerhead . he examined it for a second , watching the candlelight play over the metal . one of his better pieces . another roar from the dragon interrupted his musings , and the dovahkiin sighed . he wasn  t even going to bother using his bow this time , at this point a little handtohand would get his blood pumping again . in the distance he heard shadowmere screaming in the stables  that horse was more eager for a fight than a sabrecat , and the dovahkiin was halftempted to just let the horse handle the dragon . he  d probably break out of the stable within in the next thirty seconds whether the dovahkiin wanted him to or not . but no , that wasn  t a heroy thing to do . resting his warhammer on his shoulder , the dovahkiin opened the door to his room , and stepped into the inferno . newline you ca nt be fucking serious ...  newline newline  sorry sir , but he s on his way in right now ! he s taken out the majority of our security and   boom newline newline the vault door blasted open , and out through the smoke came that fucking asshole who ruins everything , every time ... newline newline  what the hell do you want now , man ?  newline newline  i just got intel saying that you were about to discharge a freaking death ray ! what the fuck do you think i m here for ? ,  the hero said to me . newline newline  sigh ... um yeah , the control panel is just to your right if you want to take a look at it .  newline newline  ... okaaaay ?  the hero walked over to the panel , looking a bit confused at what i just said . newline newline  yeah man , just hit the self destruct button . it s that big red square one  i pointed nonchalantly over to the button .  it should fry all the circuits and make it inoperable .  newline newline  ... you sure ? ... you re not gon na like , try and stop me ?  newline newline  what s the fucking point , man ? it s not like we have nt done this 4 times this month already .  newline newline  well , i was just saying   newline newline  every fucking time , dude ... do you know how much money i invest in this hobby ? and you just come along and fuck everything up at the last fucking minute . i m sick of it ...  newline newline  ... i mean , it just part of the job , it s not like i   newline newline  and these useless fucking guards . we go over it every project : do nt talk about anything with your families ! next thing you know , their wives find out during dinner time or some shit , and they got ta tell everyone because oh my god , my husband is working on a death ray project ! he s so cool !   newline newline  aaaaah ... so that s how stacey knew ...  newline newline  yeah  i said , starting to get pissed .  but anyways , hurry up with your shenanigans so i can get the hell out of here .  newline newline  what were you going to shoot anyway ?  newline newline  we were going to blast a crater into the moon and harvest some of the space rubble for a new project , but it does nt fucking matter any more : this project failed , so i guess it s back to the chalkboard ...  newline newline  you were nt even planning to destroy the whole moon ?  newline newline  hell no ! why the fuck would would i do that ?  newline newline he hesitated  ... do you want to fire the death ray ?  newline newline  ... you re messing with me right ?  there s no way he s being serious right now . newline newline  i mean , if the moon is nt being destroyed and this will help you keep on doing evil things , i guess it s a winwin for us .  newline newline  what the hell are you talking about ?  i was the one starting to get confused newline newline  if this helps you with your future projects , it ll keep me in a job ! it s not like anyone ever uses the moon anyway . plus , to be honest with you , i ve kinda always wanted to see one of these things fired too .  newline newline  um ... sure ? i guess ?  i walked over to the panel . newline newline  alright , let s do this !  the hero sounded more excited that i was ... newline newline  are you sure your command is alright with this ?  i started charging the ray gun and it began to hum progressively louder newline newline  meh , this mission was put together pretty fast . to be honest , i do nt even think they expected me to succeed in the first place .  newline newline  well ... alrighty then . the gun is charged up and ready to fire ! cover your ears ! it s going to be loud ! !  i pressed the fire button . newline newline a computer voice started counting down .  firing in 10 . 9 . 8 . 7 . 6.   newline newline wow , this is actually happening ! i might be able to give my guards a christmas bonus this year ! newline newline  5 . 4 . 3 . 2 . 1 .  newline newline all you could hear was the screeching sound of the gamma pulse blasting off into space , and you could see the space rubble flying out from the moon traveling through the night sky ... it was glorious .it was the creak on the stairs that got me . i was heading downstairs for a drink when i landed on the middle step and the loud creak emanated from underneath me . at the same time as i saw movement out the corner of my eye , my father looked up and saw me there , witnessing him . he was raising a knife . my mother , lying on her belly , covered in red , red leaking from her mouth  my father sat on top of her , the knife in his hand . he growled when he saw me , his eyes dark . his hand shaking , coalescent with red blood . at the moment he lunged for the doorway my mother , in her dying moments , coughed flecks of blood onto the carpet and she looked up and directly into my eyes , her hand reaching out for me . i saw the pain in her white eyes and her face followed me as i traveled for the first time . she had done it . i do nt know  i still do nt . but she had given me this power , somehow . intrinsically i knew i had traveled less than a minute in to the past . i caught myself crawling out of bed and , understanding suddenly what had happened , somehow , i returned to bed . from downstairs there rose a dull sound again and again . like a blade sinking again and again into someone s back . i did nt sleep that night . i remained awake and listened to my father murdered my mother . but i knew what she had done : she had let me see the truth , and she had given me this gift and returned me to a moment where my father would nt know anything : he would nt know that i knew he had done it . newline newline i was 9 at the time  that was thirteen years ago . newline newline i ran away the day after , police could nt find me and when i found posters with my face on  and before i ripped them down  i read a heartfelt  albeit hollow  message from my father seeking my return . i read in the papers a tiny article about my mother  murdered after my father had failed to fight off an assailant who ran away . son of a bitch . newline newline i remained on the run , and when they caught me i traveled back and was never in the same place . i stole as much food as i could  i quickly discovered anything i held traveled back with me . i could steal from shops and travel back with the item i had stolen  but ten minutes before i had even stolen it . every time i traveled i saw a white light , and the face of my mother appeared indistinct against the white , and i would smile at her visage . it was her gift , and every time i used it i thought of her , and i knew she was there , in some form , inside of me : manifesting in this power . newline newline it has taken me thirteen years to get a grip on my ability , and to decide to make a move against my father . tonight is the night . i have to return to the house . i have to stop my young self from going downstairs , it might mess him up : and therefore me , but i have to take the risk . i always thought i was a pretty smart child , he should fairly readily accept i m a future him . newline newline the house is empty when i return to it , has been empty for some time . i pointedly ignore the living room where i fear the bloodstains wo nt have been cleaned up , and with my eyes half shut i sprint up the stairs , leaving behind the brokendown door and rush into the room i had lived in for 9 short years . i gathered my thoughts , breathed in . and traveled . newline newline just as i had planned i saw myself there , awake , contemplating going downstairs for a drink , a little while before i  he  moves . i moved in an instant and like a shadow grabbed my younger self , smothering his mouth . i would explain later , for now a sturdy knock to the head saw him back to sleep , entirely oblivious . even thirteen years later the shock and pain of that attack hit me and i wince . i tuck myself back in , forcing myself not to ruminate  i mean , how many people this opportunity ? later , i order myself . i crouch low and listen , there are no noises . father ca nt have started . i move downstairs the hardlearned stealth of thirteen years living rough on the streets directing me . i stop before the middlestep , smiling at it wryly , and move over it . i head in to the living room and there i see newline newline mother , dead . father , bloodied hands , breathing heavily looking me straight in the eyes . newline newline i stare blankly at the corpse . this is five minutes before he should even have started . i ca nt move , i m frozen to the spot staring at the fresh corpse of my mother , comparing it to the stored memory i retained from when i was 9 . suddenly thirteen years of preparation are nt enough . suddenly everything has failed and all the bottled up anguish and loathing rush to the surface  all the times i had meditated against attacking directly , in favouring tactic , gone in an instant and i rush the bastard . newline newline hands grab me from behind , from the darkness of the hallway . i curse and fight but the hands are too strong and when the smell of his person hits me i falter and collapse . when i looked round i see into the eyes of my father . another version . two of them surrounding me . a traveler . the bastard . the absolute bastard . the fight leaves me and i stop struggling . newline newline how ?  i mumble . newline newline the father opposite me , the one above my mother s corpse chuckles . newline newline think you re mother was the first traveler ? think she gave you the gift ?  newline newline what ?  i look into this calm eyes . newline newline what ? what do you mean what ? come on you useless shit think !   newline newline i shake my head . i ca nt . i ca nt . it s too much . thirteen years dreaming of revenge to have lost the chance to save my mother before it had even began . newline newline no ? you give up . come on , son . think .  newline newline i shake my head . he sighs . newline newline tell me ,  i whisper . how did you know ?  newline newline how did i know ? know what ? that you were coming ?  newline newline i nod . newline newline because i let you get away the first time .  newline newline i look up and meet his eyes . you wo nt believe me , but i love your mother .  he looked down at her corpse , her white blouse doused with pools of red . i did nt want to kill her . and i do nt want to kill you , my son  and thank god , i do nt have to . but , the first time you saw this   he gestured to the floor  you were nt so lucky . i had to kill you then .  newline newline what are you talking about ?  the hands from behind release me . they both know  are the same person after all  i can do nothing . so i listen , almost comatose and entirely useless . defeated  before the fight even began . newline newline when you travel you do nt just travel , you create an entire new universe . from the moment you arrive this universe follows the tangent you created . after your first travel , you created a tangent where i had nt seen you on that step there . but in the universe you traveled from you still remained . in that universe you never got the gift . and i had to kill you .  newline newline but you re a traveler , how can you know ? in this universe  by your own laws  you ca nt have seen me .  newline newline yes , yes . but i m more than just a traveler . i m something else . and they , they are something else entirely . it s thanks to them that all of this has happened . all of this is possible . it s because of them i had to kill your mother , and why i let you survive for so long . unfortunately , even though you tried to stop me , your mother still had to die .  newline newline i collapse to my knees . i do nt understand .  newline newline no , i did nt first time around . all you have to know is this . you can only travel through time into adjacent universes . i can travel through time and into adjacent universes . understand ?  newline newline i shrugged . newline newline look at me , son . you hate me . so i m going to tell you a secret , i m going to tell you your future . in three weeks you re going to meet some new people . in four years you ll die for the first time . a month after your death , you ll come back here and kill me  saving your mother . that time i wo nt be able to stop you . you ll be fighting a different me . what happens after that ... i ca nt say  i m erased from every timeline . but those people , the one s who gave me this power , allowing me to pass it on to you  and it was always intended for you  will know more . they know everything . they were scared of your mother , so they made me kill her . but they ll allow her to come back . i do nt know why , do nt ask .  newline newline you re a liar .  newline newline not in this universe . here .  he approached me , grabbed me under my armpits and brought me to my feet . that defeat in your eyes , son , that ll be gone in a day . take this , go there .  newline newline he handed me a folded up square of paper . before i could open it something hard and wooden caught me in the back of the head . when i awoke it was dark and i was alone . both father s had gone and so had my mother s corpse  though the blood remained : the last testament to her existence . i felt the wound on the back of my head , could feel the congealed blood in my hair , and the tender spot as my fingers probed it . in my other hand i held the slip of paper and when i opened it i read a name and an address . i wasted no time . i wrote my younger self a note . setting him on the same course that i took  at least the i of that first universe . and i left that house forever . the world is a planet !  newline newline  no it s not , it s a turtle flying through space , upon which there are four elephants who support the discworld , stupid roundworld conspiracy theorist !  newline newline  this is literally roundworld ! the bloody disc is a bloody work of fiction ! there was a crossover that went into the science by contrasting the two and everything !  newline newline  yes , the fictional exploits of those roundworlders was quite entertaining , their evolution was quite exciting , if a bit drawn out . glad we have a god for such matters .  newline newline  there is no god of evolution . there is no luggage . there is no magic , and there is no discworld !  newline newline  says you .  newline newline  that s not even an argument !  newline newline  i think you just need to get a bit knurd , and think about things .  newline newline  you know what , fine ! go toss yourself off a rimfall then . there is no disc , mount olympus is not cori celesti , australia is nt named after a brand of beer , china is ... actually basically correct , historically anyway , and london does not have a river that is almost solid with contaminants ... at least nowadays anyway . accomplishment are fleeting . come to think of it , every single accomplishment is either meaningless or vulnerable : if it is not a single milestone with absolutely no impact in the real world past the moment it is reached , it is , as everything else , in danger of being destroyed . newline when i was ten , i entered a mandatory creative writing contest at school . to this day i remember how the text went , written in twenty minutes about the life of book forgotten on a shelf , and to my surprise it won first place . there was an award ceremony at the closing of the school year , where i was given a plaque in front of the entire school . by that time i was still dumbfounded that i could have actually won with something i had put so little effort on , while my favorite essays got me little notes for my parents . the next day my mother hung the little plaque on my bedroom wall , after she retrieved it from the trash , where it must have been thrown by mistake among some papers , god bless her . newline i never won any other trophy , besides some participation awards who were allowed to remain peacefully in the basement . by the time i moved out of my parents  house i had learned to ignore the silly little plaque but could never bring that thing willingly into my own home . i threw it out of the car window halfway there . newlinejoanna stalvern waited . the lights above her blinked and sparked out of the air . there were demons in the base . she didn  t see them , but had expected them now for years . her warnings to cernel joson were not listenend to and now it was too late . far too late for now , anyway . newline joanna was a space marine for fourteen years . when she was young she watched the spaceships and she said to dad  i want to be on the ships daddy.  newline newline dad said  no ! you will be kill by demons  newline newline there was a time when she believed him . then as she got oldered he stopped . but now in the space station base of the uac she knew there were demons . newline newline  this is joson  the radio crackered .  you must fight the demons !  newline newline so joanna gotted her palsma rifle and blew up the wall . newline newline  he going to kill us  said the demons newline newline  i will shoot at him  said the cyberdemon and he fired the rocket missiles . joanna plasmaed at him and tried to blew him up . but then the ceiling fell and they were trapped and not able to kill . newline newline  no ! i must kill the demons  she shouted newline newline the radio said  no , joanna . you are the demons  newline newline and then joanna was a zombie .he has had many apprentices before . they came in droves , really , journeying far and wide in hopes of becoming his assistant , in hopes of flying under his wings . oh yes , in his many , many years , the great arch mage mikalah had many apprentices . newline newline but none quite like her . newline newline lachesis sat beside him on the carriage , throwing a fireball back and forth to herself lazily in attempts to preoccupy herself on their long journey . lachesis may not have been the poster child for femininity or beauty , but that hardly mattered in her line of work . lachesis had the soul of a warrior , and the tenacity of a dragon , and was one of the most talented young sorceresses he had ever seen . the moment mikalah saw her , he knew she was destined for greatness . if only she wasn  t the most stubborn thing he had ever encountered . newline newline she was beyond bored , and restless , her foot drumming constantly against the floor and her hands refusing to sit still . mikalah sighed , slowly closing his eyes . newline newline  patience is the virtue that the grand masters take great pride in ,  he reminded her . newline newline  i  ve been patient for the last three hours ,  she muttered , now twirling the fireball between her fingers .  why couldn  t you let me ride a horse , or a gryphon , or something , other than keeping me cooped up in this little dingy ?  newline newline  we  ll be there soon enough , now patience.  newline newline lachesis threw her head back and groaned loudly , the flames evaporating from her hands . but she didn  t say anything , and for that mikalah was grateful . he turned his attention to the carriage window and watched the passing scenery . newline newline the autumnvale forest was quite beautiful in the spring . all the trees were in bloom , with the blossoms covering the entire spectrum , from fiery reds to subtle blues to the most vibrant yellows . he enjoyed this path . if only lachesis took the time to appreciate it as well . newline newline  so have the high council nagged you at all this week ?  lachesis teased , breaking the silence . at this , mikalah  s weathered face showed the wisp of a smile . newline newline  oh , just the other day , as a matter of fact.  he turned back to her .  they are very concerned about your work in demonology .  a fine young lady shouldn  t be parading around with a demon , much less a beta demon   mikalah mocked with a laugh . newline newline lachesis laughed as well .  well , let me summon skit and have him shove his pitchfork right up their crotchety old arses !  newline newline  language ,  mikalah scolded , but only halfheartedly . he couldn  t help but feel a pang of guilt deep within his chest . he knew full well how talented lachesis was in the . . . darker arts . and she was fully aware of the high council  s disapproval in studying such magic . newline newline  but just because it  s dark magic doesn  t make it innately evil !  lachesis had argued .  it is wholly misunderstood because of this ridiculous stigma attached to shadow magic ! there is so much undiscovered potential ! throw aside these ridiculous taboos and let magicians understand it !  newline newline she was right of course , and mikalah fully supported her . he had done some tampering of his own , but not nearly to the extent lachesis had . and she was good at it . she was a master of shadow magic , and had grown to be a master . she was famous for her work , for taming ferocious demons and quelling the vilest of curses . she was known across the lands as the most prominent shadow magician in the land newline but this journey . . . mikalah sighed again . it would not be a pleasant one . newline newline more time passed . lachesis nodded off to sleep briefly , but the constant potholes kept waking her up , so with a muttered  hell with it  she proceeded to stare out the window . a city appeared on the horizon , and she sat up when she saw it . newline newline  caveros ?  she muttered .  what are we doing here ?  newline newline  we have a meeting with the high council ,  mikalah said calmly , masking his own dread . she spun to face him . newline newline  what the hell for ? !  she exclaimed .  oh hell , did i break another law i was totally unaware of ?  newline newline mikalah smiled briefly .  no , no you haven  t.  newline newline  so ?  newline newline  they didn  t say . they simply requested our presence.  newline newline  ok , definitely not good news then.  newline newline  i  m afraid not.  newline newline now lachesis was twisting her hands together out of nervousness than out of boredom . the next ten minutes just approaching the council square were the most agonizing she had to endure . usually when the high council summoned her , they were never shy to say why , whether it was because she broke some obscure magic law , or she had accidentally blew up half an alchemy lab , or even when she had successfully tamed a beta demon  which wasn  t even illegal !  they weren  t shy to reprimand her harshly before she even set foot in the square . the uncertainty made her nervous . newline newline the carriage finally stopped in front of a massive palacelike structure , with towering pillars and a great golden dome . this was the council square , the headquarters for the world  s greatest magicians . and home to the high council of grand magicians . newline newline lachesis gulped as she climbed the many pearly stairs to the front doors . newline newline mikalah and lachesis were greeted unceremoniously by a pair of guards and escorted down the gilded halls , lined with gold leaf pillars and brilliant murals that covered every inch of exposed wall space . stained glass windows sent a cascade of rainbows across the marble floors . it truly was a magnificent place . newline newline if only lachesis  s nerves would quiet themselves . newline newline they entered the council room , and before the two of them stood a circular room , and at the head behind a massive ornate table sat the five high council members , all glaring down at her angrily . newline newline lachesis strode confidently to the middle of the room , and bowed . mikalah followed suit . newline newline the head of the table cleared his throat and spoke up .  lachesis , do you know why you were summoned here ?  newline newline  no , sir ,  she said . she glanced up at mikalah , but he didn  t dare to meet her gaze .  is there something the matter ?  newline newline  summon your . . . demon ,  the head said venomously . newline newline continued sir , we are a race of slimes . how am i expected to get used to these upper and lower limbs ?  newline newline captain ook , the other slime who had successfully managed to invade another human being , was too busy flopping around on the floor like a fish out of water to reply to me . newline newline with a grunt , i managed to somehow get onto my knees . as i attempted to wobble forward , i immediately faceplanted . newline newline  sir , have we actually done any studies on these human beings ? i m not quite sure if they can slide along just like us superior beings can . i believe the two upper two limbs may be a possible way for humans to move . as for the longer bottom two limbs ... perhaps , they are just like a fish . you need to flick them in the air to propel yourself forward . the upper two limbs ... hm . this is rather perplexing  . newline newline there was no response . newline newline  captain ?  newline newline  tthbbbbbbbbbfft ?  newline newline the other human blew a raspberry , slapped himself in the face and bit his tongue all at the same time . clearly , captain ook have nt managed to get the hang of his human limbs . newline newline  sir , i think you have made progress on using the tongue and the lower jaws . remember , send a signal to the lower jaw and the tongue to use speech . ensure to maintain control as your priority , otherwise the human will attempt to take his body back from you  . newline newline i could feel a slight tug at the back of my mind . the human was attempting to force his body away from me . alas , poor human . it must be a terrible feeling , to be such an inferior species with such poor mind control . how could one function if one was unable to invade others mind ? i mused on this for a bit as i managed to raise my hand somehow . it flopped to the ground again . newline newline a human being entered the room . newline newline  dude , are you guys drunk or something ? because if you re not , i have to try whatever you guys are on  . newline newline  i give up control of the human being . subject is too complex . there is four limbs too many on this being . send message back to the mothership requesting earth be left alone as a danger zone  captain ook crisp voice announced in my mind . newline newline ooze poured out of the second human body ears and formed into a slime puddle who then attempted to wobble away to safety . the second human just laid there shivering , while the third human being started freaking out and threw the nearest object  a lamp  at the slime . it missed . but the next object , a book , did not . newline newline  what the hell is going on ! ? dude , am i on lsd again because your brain is like , some weird sort of red slime . oh dude , can you talk to me at all ? i think i killed your brain , man . hey joe , what s going on with aaron here ? did i kill him ? i do nt want to go to jail !  newline newline the third human being appeared to have a mental break down . strange , i did nt think there was a third slime trying to invade that one . perhaps a weak subject . newline newline  requesting mothership . beam me up , this earth appears to be full of idiots who are too stupid to take over . also captain ook just got killed by a book . humans are clearly dangerous when provoked .  newline newline           newline newline first submission  criticisms would be much appreciated . newline newline thank you everyone for your kind comments , you have all given me the confidence to participate on this subreddit more : they d made a camp in my car this morning , wrecked the whole thing , cooked s breakfast and everything . i told them i d be late from work , and that work was important , but they somehow did nt seem to grasp why i was angry . they offered me pancakes as consolation , like that d cheer me up over losing my car and risking my job . it s been a month since the wall fell . anything could have poured in from the other side . it could ve been something cool . it could ve been dragons , elves and dwarves , but no . it could ve been giant sea monsters , kaiju , godzilla or something . it could ve been space ships , brilliant detectives and supervillains . or even anime girls with their creepy huge eyes and squeaky voices . but no . newline newline it was fucking moomins . they told us war was a bad thing . the veterans came back with stories of lost comrades and haunting battles . it was always better to have peace than fighting , apparently , for the good of mankind . newline newline but they were wrong . newline newline war was the greatest thing imaginable . i m no psychopath , by the way . before they drafted me into the army from college , i had never harmed another creature in my life . but the next thing i knew , i was in a foreign country , fighting a war i should nt have been fighting . and i loved every second of it . newline newline  newline newline the bullet struck the wall above my head as i ran , halfcrouched , and dived into cover . fragments of concrete pinged off of my helmet like hailstones . i rolled to a stop behind my chosen piece of cover , a low wall between me and the machine gunner . newline newline beside me , there was a scrabbling of dirt as my companion military dog alex got down next to me , panting . he was a belgian malinois , his short brown hair brushing up against my arm like a stiff brush . i held his collar tightly , feeling his tensed energy like a coiled spring . newline newline the hail of bullets overhead suddenly ceased as the gunner s attention was directed elsewhere . i pushed myself upright and vaulted the wall . my adrenaline was pumping as i began to dash towards the halfconcealed truck where the gunner was . alex followed at my heels , his paws throwing up tiny scuffs of dust and rubble . newline newline the gunner did nt see us until the last moment . by then it was too late to swing his weapon back around . alex reached him first , bounding up onto the truck s tailgate and sinking his jaws into the man s leg . he cried out and fell over , halfdragged out of the vehicle by the dog . i drew my combat knife and plunged it into his neck , causing a spray of blood to jet out onto the ground . newline newline i made alex release the guy s body as he fell out of the truck and onto the rubblestrewn ground . his blood formed a small puddle around his body , mixing with the dust . i looked down upon him for a moment . then i smiled a small smile . newline newline there was a kind of rush i got from this sort of thing . the pounding of blood in my ears , the heaviness of my assault rifle in my hands , it all merged together into the ultimate experience of joy for me . newline newline i heard the sound of gunfire off to my right , and began to run in that direction , my equipment banging against my back and alex alongside me . i let out a yell as i burst into the ruined building ahead of me , spraying death and destruction from the muzzle of my weapon . newline newline in this place of death , i finally felt alive .he controlled their lives . newline he could place them along a dusty sand line to suffer under the merciless searing heat of the sun above . newline he could be the gust of wind that blew off their camouflage , exposing them to the 10 enemy soldiers they had been spying on . newline he could march them into the deepest pits of the hottest hell , or force them to endure the bonechilling frosty winds of the coldest tundras . newline newline these men of black and brown and pink and green were mere pawns to him . newline newline he was their god . newline newline  billy ! ! ! dinner time !  a shrill voice cast itself over the backyard . newline billy jolted to his feet , wiping the sand off his pants back into his sandbox as he turned and rushed towards the open back door of his house . he stopped short halfway there , before turning back and grabbing one of the toy soldiers to bring with him to dinner . they had experienced the scorching desert sands , but now this one needed to feel the cold freeze of his mom s garage box freezer ... after mom s chicken tuna casserole . newline newline he was a god to these men ... but even gods have to answer to their mother . whenever i needed time alone , i d go for long walks on the outskirts of town . the edges of wilderness kept creeping in to reclaim civilization and it was peaceful here . newline newline an old car , paint flaked and half destroyed had weeds growing under the hood . every year , the car sunk deeper into the soggy earth . the driver side mirror held a world of fractals , beautiful and complex . i m sure if it was a bigger mirror i d be moved to tears . a soft chink , and a piece fell . newline newline the mirror turned black . newline newline a weird feeling filled the pit of my stomach . a sickening lurch as if my insides were momentarily weightless . anxiety prickled at me , something was wrong . newline newline the evening sun was low in the sky , deep reds and lazy purples were swelling from the horizon . i wished that i could paint and do nature justice . it would of been a good evening to wear a sweater . another wave of sickness swam through my innards and i inexplicably knew where i had to go . newline newline i quickened down the cracked pavement and went down a sandy bank , grit trickled into my shoes as i reached the bottom . newline an old dresser mirror propped against a rotting bookcase of an abandoned house met me . it was there that i first found something else that had the sight . they were waiting for me , as they always do . i had never once been to the mirror first , and i was always the first to leave again . newline newline it s hard to describe phalen . newline newline we sat and stared . we communicate , but trying to explain it would be like telling a blind person of the colour red . newline newline phalen knows of the mirrors going black . phalen always knows first . i feel the terror coming from the mirror , the helplessness . i knew it was coming for us all . newline newline in those last moments , phalen tried to tell me something , the way an old man knows what he ought to have done before his flesh failed him . newline newline a clean break sent the mirror falling , and i knew phalen was gone . newline newline the purples of the sky were overtaking the reds and the sun was beneath the skyline . i set off running , my heart and mind racing . i was confused and panicked and no one could help me . were we safe ? newline no . phalen had broke that illusion . everything humans had discovered . we were one of many . a cell in an organism . a brick in the wall . newline newline the wire fence surrounding the derelict carnival had many gaps in it and i turned sideways to edge through one . my shirt caught on a loose wire and tore a ragged hole . my side ached as blood welled up through the scrape . the ground of the yard was mucky and my legs were soon soaked in mud and dirty water . newline newline i pushed through the faded wooden doors of the fun house and staggered in the dark even though i d been here a hundred times . newline newline i emerged in the hall of mirrors . the glow of countless mirrors in colours and lights like an infinitely complex and beautiful firework shimmered and flickered like a candle in a breeze . newline newline it started in the west wall . the mirrors splintered and came crashing down into shards on the floor . each mirror death left a ringing in my ears at a sustained tone that were the collective wails of an entire universe and every being in it . newline newline i dropped to my knees and sobbed with terror , wishing to gouge my ears out to quiet the terror surrounding me . newline newline the sounds unified into a chorus of anguish that soon transcended my senses and became all encompassing as the mirrors i had spent my life looking into became piles of broken glass like pathetic gravestones . newline newline silence reclaimed the room and i realized that i had shut my eyes in a feeble attempt to calm myself . i expected the room to be dark , but a single light from a doorsized mirror gave the room a soft , dull glow . newline newline a thunderous horn filled the air with a noise so horrible , it could only be heralding the arrival of oblivion . newline newline i trembled as i stood and walked to the mirror , drawn like a moth to flames . newlinemoy punched a few numbers into the console and the ship docked into the lunar port ring . we all breathed a collective sigh of relief as all the instructions and official information that everyone knew by heart started to rattle off . not that we were in good standing , it had taken some damage in the mutiny so we were going to have to make a few sales to restock and make repairs . newline newline newline all the gaudy jewlery that that obnoxious oaf slazern had possessed before i vaporized him would be taken to a local pawnshop . most of the beds and furniture we would just sell on the street , after all there was only four of us . all of the obnoxious pets kotchi had given run of the ship before gwen shoved her knife through his eye would be given to anyone who would take them . gwen had suggested making a beeline to the restaurant district but i had shot that down as they would likely go for more as pets , but the restaurants were a good last resort . moy had even suggested we sell captain havi s corpse to the clone vats but i did nt want legal trouble and heinrich had blown so many holes in him that it would nt be worth the effort so we dumped him out with the rest of the trash . newline newline newline we all stood up as gravity returned to get out when gwen spoke .  wait ! we have to name her first !  newline newline newline  do we have to do this now ?  moy said with a subtle whine in his voice . newline newline newline  is nt it some thing that you name your ship when you first dock ?  newline newline newline  not that i m aware of but now that she mentions it i ll be damned if we fly around in a ship named the great captain havi s interplanetary ship of trades and services  . a bit too much of a mouthful for my taste .  i replied disinterestedly . newline newline newline  how about the roaring lion ?  heinrich said with a swing of one arm . newline newline newline  too cliche .  gwen said dismissively . newline newline newline  the liberty ?  moy suggested newline newline newline  even worse .  newline newline newline  well i do nt see you thinking of anything better .  newline newline newline  i say we name her the vengance  .  newline newline newline  no , that sounds ghastly .  heinrich said as he scrunched his nose . newline newline newline  the eviscerator  ?  newline newline newline  just as bad newline newline newline  how does everyone feel about calling her death s pale shadow  ?  newline newline newline  that s the worst of the three !  newline newline newline  i m partial to calling her the raptor  if no one else objects .  i said , partially out of a genuine desire to see the ship named that and partially to get off the ship . newline newline newline there was a moment of silence and everyone shrugged their shoulders and nodded in approval .  then it s settled , we ll pick up a name plate as well as everything else we need . most people go the easy road . it s in most people s nature to free load . few people go medium ... uh , looking for a little work , and every once in a while somebody looking for a challenge or trying to punish themselves for ... whatever reason goes the hard road . me ... uh , i picked expert . sorry , i m a little distracted , quite frankly you are nt the most important thing in my plate right now . most people ca nt begin to imagine what expert is like , so to put in terms you might relate to , it s , uh ... we ll have you ever seen the matrix ? i have nt , ai nt got time for that shit , but basically i took the red pill , and ... uh , and all this shit i ve got to deal , you re oblivious to it . puzzles and impossible problems just to get cereal in the morning . ca nt use the front door either , that s just be too easy . avoid windows ... and uh.. yeah . kind of entertaining though . like i m on a whole other plateau of reality . would nt ever do it any other way . but when i finally get around to those pearly end gates , man ... the achievements , the score ... i m gon na be a legend . newlinenewline it throbs . the head it throbs . the eyes they blink . they blink . the tree it stays  in my mind it stays . my . me . i . it . again . newline newline up i look and the moon it throbs too , rounder than i remember but i don  t remember . i only know its again . i sleep longer than i dream  i know . every sleep like a month . my coat more speckled than the last time , with the grays amidst the black like my memories in the great night . up i look . the moon . one night only . the book . i must get back to the book . newline newline my shaggy head i shake and i kick the straw with an instinct , only to cough knowing i control it too . finally person . it all finally personal again . i on all fours in the present tense mapping my way until the path with the piled high logs soon . a cabin . i think its a cabin in my mind its a cabin . newline newline the hermit screams when i arrive . but i find the leather book called matthew shelter . and lick the pages next to next . they stick together and i miss a page . but i  m hungry . newline newline and i know that the dust and molecules i was without thoughts will be back soon . so i must find heaven first . or else be locked again in hell .clancy stood confronted by a white , ethereal being , with its hood drawn , floating low above the ground . the dark hood covered it s features . he looked down behind him to see a skeleton staring back up at him . in the dark recesses of his eye sockets , he could feel an existential dread that was unexplainable . it asked gently , once again . newline newline why have you chosen a dark path in life , and killed gods creatures  ? newline newline why indeed ... newline newline when i was a kid i already knew what i wanted to be when i grew up . hell i was already doing it for free . there is something about watching life leave the eyes of an animal . it was the only thing that genuinely brought a smile to my face . i was alive in that moment , when watching those pupils dilate , and all the subtle , gentle work i put into this animal came to one final moment of fruition . newline newline of course i did nt have anything against most animals . they we re just fair game . our society frowns upon it sure , and yes it was mostly illegal depending on the type . i am a man of rules you see , i just do nt go killing everything that would tickle my fancy . i would have been jailed before i even got started . but sometimes you can get away with a little treat . newline newline it s like masturbating you see ? if it we re legal , and socially acceptable , would you go around public jerking off into all the pretty ladies little dolled up faces ? can you imagine the orgasmic orgies that would happen , the jizz would be flying all over the place . facial after facial . now replace all the sex with killing instead , and the climax is when the life leaves the eyes of my dance partner . it s an unattainable dream unfortunately , better to hold off for lesser prey so that i can keep going . now i could only manage to kill 3 people in life , before it started getting real suspicious . so i backed off , because i can always kill animals , and i even got paid for it ! newline newline the being floated gently to the ground and withdrew its hood , showing the face of a young boy with jet black hair and almond shaped eyes . it was one of the boys i had killed ! newline newline  i understand clancy , thank you for the explanation . my death at your hands makes sense . it seems to me that you we re born like this , born with the undeniable need to kill  . newline newline clancy stood staring at the boy , the cat had got his tongue this time . newline newline  yes , it uh , it was nt my fault  ! clancy looked away , yup still surrounded by that bright fog . he had been walking through that fog for what felt like a year , stumbling , sometimes coming across the bones of those who gave up . never rest was the rule here . it s why all those damned skeletons littered the ground here , if they stop to rest then they wither away . they always stared at him , it kind of drove him mad . newline newline  wait , i do nt even know your name boy  newline newline  silence ! you never bothered to learn my name in the mortal realm before you killed me , why learn it now . this was your second trial clancy . after the walk of willpower , the ascended always get first dibs on confronting their killer , and they have the final choice in the matter . i was your first trial , and i have the choice , i can purge your soul through holy fire by the will of god , or i can let you move on to face your other trials . heaven is constructed for the individual . you will live out eternity with the ultimate freedom of choice . is this something that you would like to do clancy , would you like to attempt to make it to heaven  ? newline newline  why i do believe so , yes yes , i think i deserve heaven . god made the earth pretty shitty for me , so i want his finest treatment  . newline newline  then i forgive you , good bye clancy , and good luck in your final trial  . newline newline the ethereal being began to fade . newline newline  but wait ! what is my final trial  ? newline newline as the boy disappeared into the mist , his voice softly echoed out . newline newline  to face the remainder of those you have killed in life , the other half , the ones who are damned , or the ones who never had a soul to begin with  ! newline newline suddenly the mist cleared , and clancy was standing in a field of grass and those lovely purple flowers he used to pick all the time as a kid . he could see a dark shape off in the horizon , with a low barely audible rumble . it was like it was some kind of stampede newline he was slightly allergic to pollen , and he began to sneeze uncontrollably as his eye began to swell and tear up . snot dribbled down his nose and he could no longer even see the horizon as his vision blurred . newline newline he tried to wipe his eyes with the inside of his shirt , but he just smashed bugs into his eyes . mosquitoes by the millions were now surrounding him . he swatted at them in futility . every slap he made toward his body killed hundreds , but thousands replaced him . he had wished he never helped exterminate them from those florida swamps during the zika virus scare . newline newline the rumbling grew closer , and he squinted his eyes trying to focus on what was coming . he could make out animals of all different sizes and shaped , all hideously , half rotten and undead . these are the damned and the soulless that the boy was talking about ! newline newline he heard the shrill voice of his ex wife screaming over the now thunderous rumble of the stampede . newline newline  here we come clancy ! run , run , you brainless twit , you never know , you might escape , take my advice and try to be positive for a change  ! newline newline those were the last words i had spoken to my wife as i ran her down and stabbed her repeatedly in the back . now she said them back to me , sending chills down my spine . newline she was riding my prize catch , a grizzly bear i had hunted with my .44 . a mother bear , especially ferocious . surrounding her was what seemed like all the mid size creatures i had killed . raccoons , cats , dogs , rats , possums . newline newline clancy was focused too much off in the distance , he had nt noticed the giant swarm of vermin at his feet . they crawled up his legs and began biting every square inch of his body . he rolled on the ground , but it was futile . he felt a stab of pain in his right leg as his wifes makeshift spear stabbed into him . he looked up and seen her skeletal maw beaming at him . a twisted smile for vengeful death . newline newline  why do nt you smile more clancy , try to be a more positive person , it s the secret to life  ! newline she jumped on his chest and bit off his face as the rest of his body was devoured by the vermin and creatures he had once exterminated . he felt every morsel of his flesh being torn and chewed , right until the bones were picked clean . there he lay , as the mist grew thick overhead . even though his eyes were plucked out by those crows he had killed as a boy , he could still see . he laid there for what seemed like an eternity , but never at rest , just damned and cold . newline newline out from the mist he could see a ragged , tired man walking . he then heard a voice come from out of the mist . newline newline  why have you spent your life killing god s creatures  ? newline newline clancy saw himself , standing there confronted by an ethereal being in a white hood cloak . he watched his old self look back at him . he looked back up when the ethereal being asked him again . newlinethis is a dream i actually had when i was around three years old and my little sister had just been born . newline newline i looked around  yellow wallpaper , rocking horse  i was in my bedroom . except something was different ... i looked down . i was floating about a foot off the ground ! i grabbed the headboard of my bed so as not to fly too high .  hey !  i yelled ,  come and see ! i can fly !  i heard people outside the bedroom and the door swung open . a crowd of my friends , aunts , uncles , everyone i knew flooded into the room . but none of them even glanced my way , like they did nt even notice that i was there . they all walked over to the far corner of the room and crowed around something . the were all bent over like they were looking at something small , but i could nt see through the crowd what they were looking at .  hey look ! i m flying !  i shouted . no one turned . i wanted to go and see what they were looking at , but i was afraid to let go of the bed , afraid i would float away .eddard newline newline the stranger was sitting in his room when he returned from the blacksmiths . ned looked him up and down , not knowing how the stranger got in , or what the clothing he was wearing represented . he was wearing a white shirt of some kind that covered his torso , a hood attached to the edge of it . ned reached for ice , but the stranger stayed sitting on the chair before the fire . newline newline  nothing like a warm fire to beat out the cold of winterfell , is nt that right lord stark ?  the stranger spoke strangely ,  i am not your enemy , nor am i here to injure you in any way . i will speak my peace and go , i swear on the old gods and the new .  ned looked him over once more before taking a seat . newline newline  who are you and how did you get in here ?  the stranger laughed , a deep laugh from his belly . newline newline  my name is not important , as for how i got here , there are many secret passages in the red keep that one could use for access if necessary . one would do well to remember that .  ned looked around , trying to find some evidence of the stranger s advice , but nothing seemed amiss in the room .  what is important , however , is this warning . you have enemies everywhere lord stark , some wearing smiles , some wearing their disdain openly . but that is a tale for another time , i have come to warn you . the path you re going down is more dangerous than you realize .  the stranger had to be going somewhere with this but where ned was not sure . newline newline  and what do you know of my road ?  newline newline  it s the same path jon arryn went down , and look where he wound up . he was right of course , that s why they needed to kill him  ned stared , how could the stranger know of the former hand s excursions , but what was jon right about ?  the king will give you a command when he returns from your hunt , follow his commands , but in secret . his son will also give you a command , follow that command to the letter . no matter how much it will sting your honor , it will save you and yours lots of trouble , and possibly even prevent a war from breaking out in the north .  newline newline  you talk of war and orders like you know better than lord varys what is going on in westeros , who are you ?  newline newline  i m the one who can peak into the back of the book to know what is going on , and i do not want to watch events unfold the way they are listed . remember lord stark , follow the king s orders in secret , and his son s in public .  the stranger stood and walked over to a book case .  oh , and tell your daughters that their brother has awoken , and their mother would like them to return home for a few weeks to see him , it will save you some hassle in the long run .  he tugged a book and the shelf opened . newline newline  i have to ask , why are you telling me this ?  the stranger paused , before throwing a leatherbound tome at his feet . newline newline  you re my favorite character in the book , i ca nt let it end the way it did .  ned picked up the book , game of thrones ...it s been a year that i ve lived alone . newline of course , i was always alone , even when they were still here , even when everybody was still here , but i was nt the lone inhabitant of the earth then . just a lonely inhabitant along with my three companions . newline they were never really friends of mine , and at times i abhorred them for no particular reason , but i was still sorry to see them die . newline no , scratch that . i was sorry to see myself as the only one who lived . newline newline i thought for sure they would nt go through with it , but once again they proved me dead wrong . newline ha , dead wrong . newline come on , you need to find humor in that somewhere . newline newline one year ago today they were here talking to me , going on about something that i m sure did nt matter , griping about the cold or how early it s been getting dark . then , they got the idea , and once it entered their minds , i could do nothing to stop them . it was mark who first came up with it , the idea of us offing ourselves . he lit up like a lightbulb , and both carrie and adam were totally sold . i guess you could say being the last four people on earth really had us depressed , because i do nt think there was a single opposition of the idea by my companions . i , however , thought they were all going to wuss out when it came time , so i did nt take it seriously . newline newline ... that is , until mark took out a knife and slit his own throat , right then and there . he dropped to the snow covered ground and turned white to red , and carrie and adam quickly followed suit . as for me , i was too stunned to think anything , so i tried to do the same thing , but my arms would nt move in the right fashion and i think i stood there , knife in hand for a good hour just trying to decide what just happened and what i should do next . i was still just so shocked at how abruptly that whole sequence had just occurred , at how they did nt even say goodbye . i guess when you re that numb , you do nt think about goodbyes . newline newline so now i am here , alone and slowly being driven insane by solitude . every day i pick up my knife and hold it to my neck , and every day my hand trembles and falters and i lower the knife down to my side , unable to free myself from this madness . maybe someday i ll find the ability to , but until then , i ll have the empty streets , vacant buildings and open skies to keep me company . newline newline i like them better than people anyway . newlinealright i have two . newline newline at first we thought that aliens where invading . or that the world was ending . the sun disappeared and even though there was nt a cloud in the sky there where no stars . then i realized why that shape was so familiar , it was a like a mouse pointer , the same one i spend most of my time looking at everyday , during work and at home . then the whole world heard it . the  click  clouds vanished water flooded land a wind strong enough to blow a small person away struck a few moments later . then the drop down box appeared , even larger . newline as it moved towards  create shortcut  i wondered what would happen , even though i knew what it was inevitably aiming for , i wondered what the properties menu would like , what the file size of our world must be . what options there are . newline and then , another click , and before anyone knew it , the earth had been deleted . newline newline  2  newline i hate my life , i hate my wife , i hate my house . i was sitting on my computer , bored , i had a headache for the ages and could hardly think straight , i could see her reflection in my monitor . i moved the cursor over her reflection , right click , delete . and my some godly fiat , she was gone , just like that . after the shock wore off , i angled my desk lamp to reflect my face more clearly . i did nt care how , or why , just that it worked . so i right clicked myself and selected  delete  . and ... nothing happened ... only there she was again .  where d you go ! what the fuck ? ! i swear to god if you scare me like that again , i ll give you something to be afraid of ! i will never let you hear the end of it .  i ignored her . i did it again . newline silence , sweet blissful silence . well if this is the best i can do , it s good enough , i ll have to try it again the next time my mom comes over ... newline newlinethere was a battle held in stillness , in memory , newline newline lofted the standard of a enemy mine , newline newline the outstretched hand appearing like grace . newline newline heroics of war are truly a forgery . newline newline after the bodies are gathered , suspended in brine . newline newline he is left bereft with out a place , newline newline hounded by the shades of eternity , newline newline for home has forgotten the truth of his face . newline newline there is whisper of the sands of time . newline newline he goes to places seeped in despair and lechery . newline newline one night he is sick of dreams and abandons the brace , newline newline staggers to a darkened shrine . newline newline there is a nunnery with silent bells newline newline here is where the cold knight fell . newline newlineshe kept them waiting . it was nt a problem . shukyee and adam would be paid well for their time . the other one ... he would wait no matter what . newline newline tatsumi took her walk down the alleyway slowly . there was no need to rush , it was a cold night . her health suffered enough without her sweating herself into a cold . why had nt they taken a note from the italians , to conduct their business in hotels and diners ? the constant stream of night markets and alleyways was ... tiring . newline newline adam was the scary one . an american thug , who d fled to hong kong . he d left america because of the eight warrants and considerable bounty looming over his head . he d come to hong kong because it was the only place with mob doctors willing to do the surgeries . turns out it was easier to convince doctors to do strange , illegal surgeries when they did nt have licences to risk . newline newline he looked like something between a lion and a wolf . predatory , a hunter . the scars across his face could be easily fixed by any plastic surgeon , but he wore them with pride . adam was arrogant and ballsy , but she kept him on staff because he lived up to it . the man was a marksman even in the dark , what with the cat s eyes , and could track a runner by scent , even with perfume and roast meat to confuse things . newline newline shukyee was the consummate professional . balding , midthirties and having a midlife crisis , he was working overtime to set aside a decent nest egg for himself . the mask was a decent attempt to retain some anonymity , a life he could return to after the mob . tatsumi thought it a long shot , but whatever kept him working hard was fine by her . there was a large bald spot on his head , where the mob doctors replaced skull and skin with nanoweave and titanium plate . he bore his own scars with shame . reminders of his failures . there were probably more on his face that she did nt know about . newline newline she stepped between the two men . neither of them turned to her , or said a word . newline newline tatsumi took a long drag from the cigarette , and placed the briefcase on the floor . the man in front of them glanced at the case , then back up at her . she made an effort not to notice his features . with any luck , she d never see him again . newline newline  get those to singapore by monday , and you re free to go ,  she told him . the man grabbed the briefcase , nodded at her , and began to leave the alleyway . adam growled at him before turning to make space . newline newline  you should nt smoke , you know ,  he grunted at tatsumi .  that implant s only going to help with current damage .  newline newline tatsumi nodded , and took another drag off it . adam shrugged and dropped the subject . her respirator ran from her ears to the nose , filtering out the city smog . the reward of decades of rampant industrialization . shukyee said nothing , just waited for her next order . the next bit of blood money . newline newline  meet me tomorrow , at the harbour . a captain needs to be shaken down ,  she explained . the two nodded . wp  whenever you have to make a decision , you watch numbly as your personified emotions fight over who is in control each time . today you find yourself on a bridge  you came here with the intent to jump . newline  wp  whenever you have to make a decision , you watch numbly as your personified emotions fight over who is in control each time . today you find yourself on a bridge  you came here with the intent to jump . newline newline newline newline charmaine tower . broad street . up the road . 1st and 9th . interstate 27 . screeeecccchhh ! the bridge . i got out of the car , my hair still damp from my walk from work to the taxi . i felt like that was all my life was anymore . a short walk that everyone could just go without . i looked around , but everything was blurry . from my own tears or the rain i could nt tell . a car hummed by , not to fast , but fast enough that i knew if it hit me , i d be dead . and what if it did hit me would nt that have just been easier . it was to late now , this bridge hardly got any traffic anyways . that would probably be the last car for the next hour . i turned my eyes back to the bridge . the wet pavement scraping under my feet as i walked slowly edge . i took the step up onto the sidewalk , my long black uniformed coat brushing against my leg . that s when i started to hear the noise , i peered over the delicately carved hand rail , looking into the black abyss that i knew to be water . the gargling of it moving over the rocks calmed me . i lodged one leg into the groove of a fish mouth carved into the railing , then placed my other foot on top of a mermaids head . until , with my arms that had only known sorting files for the last five years . i hoisted myself up on the top of the wall . it was large , maybe two feet wide , but from this height i still felt like i would fall at the slightest touch . thats when , for the second time that night , i heard the sound of rubber on pavement . i turned around . two cars had stopped not ten feet from where i was . could they see me , i hoped not but i could nt be sure . there was only one thing to do , i turned towards the bridge to jump , but as i lifted up my legs to plunge into the water , they did nt comply . i tried to open my mouth to scream , but i could nt do that either . that s when the figures stepped out of there identical all black sedans , and my heart sunk into my stomach . it was them . i should have known . i had nt seen them since i was 21 , when i asked my wife to marry me . i wish i had my wife now , why had the world been so cruel as to take her away . i knew what they were here to do , and there was nothing i could do to stop them . appearing from the dark , the first man stepped into the light of a nearby lamp post , and i finally saw him clearly . he looked exactly like me , right down to the birth mark under his , my , left eye . the only difference was the long beard he had grown out , his torn clothes , and haggard face , but that was nt what truly set him and i apart , it was the complete look of sorrow and depression he had in his eyes . he had given up on everyone and everything in this world , and he truly believed everything had given up on him . i knew all this , because when i looked at him , i saw a part of me . it was the emotion of abandonment , except it was no longer an emotion , it was a person . that was when the man from the other car stepped under the waning street light . he like his predecessor looked exactly like me in physical appearance , but that was where are similarities ended . for one thing , he was smiling . i could nt even remember the last time i d smiled , but somehow it still looked good on my face . he was dressed in a suit , but was wearing it the same way dads do when they return home from work . that is , very nonchalant . he beamed with happiness , and that was exactly who he was . happiness . i still sometimes saw him surface inside me , but not nearly as much as he used to . they turned and shook each other s hands as if they had never met before . newline newline newline  i m happiness  said happiness cheerfully and almost childishly . newline newline  that sucks  muttered abandonment , he sounded like an old man on his death bed . newline newline then happiness once again chimed in .  have we met before , because i feel like i know you . oh wait , i know why . you re me ! well not me exactly , we are both him it s just that we are nt really him at all , we re one part of him , but same difference . it really does nt make sense when you think about it . regardless , we need to make a decision !  newline  it s simple . he jumps . i mean why not right , what else is here for him . you know what s up there , the one thing that really cared for us . mary . the love of my life .  newline newline the more he talked , the closer i leaned toward the edge . by the time he stopped , my toes were completely over the water , but i still watched helpless . there was nothing i could do . newline newline that s when happiness took back control .  what about the sunsets , the rainy days . the hot chocolate after going outside . all of those things that make us feel so good .  as he talked . i inched back towards solid ground .  newline newline  sure those things make you happy , but life s not about your happiness it s about others and you do nt make any one else happy . you re just a waste of space ! jump , and no one would miss you .  abandonment was winning . i was moving closer to the edge . newline newline  what about mary ! she would miss me ,  happiness cried out in a vain . newline newline  she s dead , and you should be to .  newline abandonment said , with a tear in his eye . i felt my feet slip . nothing was left touching the railing but the heels off my shoe and i tumbled over the edge . people say when you re about to die , your life flashes before your eyes , and that s the truth . i saw my 12th birthday , when my mom baked me a power rangers themed cake , and the day i got my first car . i saw the day i got my first job , and the day i met mary . when i saw her , something finally clicked . she would nt want me to die ! i had to live . at least for her , but it was to late . i closed my eyes . however , instead of splashing into the frigid water like i expected . i hit the slick pavement with a cold thud . i opened up my eyes , was i in heaven ? no . i was still on the bridge . i cried tears of joy . i must have somehow overpowered my own emotions . after all , they did nt control me , i controlled me . i looked over to wear the two figures once stood , but i only saw one . it was happiness . he smiled , waved at me , and climbed into his black sedan . driving away down the bridge . is this real ? real real newline is this real ? real ? reeeal ? newline newline the loud caustic sounds of beats and bass tapers off and mixes with a rhythmic thumping heavy and leaden . the glittering gold and silver mirage of those faceless but beautiful young women , white teeth , pink soft lips , taunt and smooth bodies all that vanishes . replaced with the harsh glare of midday light filtering through the wooden blinds and the constant interval shatterings of metal through the paper thin walls . newline newline  what the hell  with a heavy head i turn and the world spins with me in dizzying circles . i pick up my phone , turn it on . the number 1:25pm . newline newline a sensation of shock run through my body how did this happen ? newline newline groggily and wiping away the dried remnants of last night from the sides of my mouth i make my way to the bathroom . memories start to ebb back into my consciousness . its sunday morning now , but i went to a party last night at the new club , the live band japanese style rock heads , sexy smooth , the drinks were sweet , that girl sweeter still . there  s still clothes scattered around the hallway , a strappy black stiletto in the handlebar of the staircase . walking into the bathroom , water flooding from the sink , a couple splashes cold and refreshing on my face . newline newline i wipe away the condensation from the mirror that  s strange . i don  t remember turning on the shower , looking to the frosted , glass doors theres a figure in there . billowing out are clouds of steam and there is the murmuring of soft words , humming a tune , familiar but almost lost in the denseness of falling water . i walk over to the shower , but before i can get there i slip . arms outstretched shielding my face , i crash through the glass door . newline newline  tsk tsk , should be more careful  newline newline she  s crouched by me and wearing my face , she takes my chin in her hand , points it upward and there on the ceiling , written in black , right above my head are the words newline newline  what is real ?  newline newline a droplet , smooth and supple , coalesces , gathering mass . it grows fat and massive planet sized , and falling from the tip of the question mark it descends straight at me . newline newline  . newline newline the buzzing of the alarm clock on my nightstand , grating but familiar . i  m awake , turning on my phone , 7:25am monday . newline newline                                     newline to tune of miyavi  s real newline newline https : www.youtube.comwatch ? vt8nbgmbpiu newlineit emerged on the horizon like a decrepit specter , the setting sun accentuating the tired vessel s haggard appearance . tattered remains of what must have been a flag clung to a frayed rope that climbed the bent mast , whipping wildly in the wind like an dying animal desperately trying to wrench itself free from the jowls of a beast of prey . newline newline its hull was a dingy , dirty greenishgrey hue , reminiscent of one s own sick , pocked with barnacles and other sea life . jagged holes had been worn or cut into its sides as well , hanging open like gangrenous wounds that were never given time to heal . two loading arms , bent and broken , reached out from the port and starboard sides , metal cables dangling from their mutilated frames . the topside cabins had mostly collapsed in on themselves , too worn to hold after whatever trials the poor , wretched ship had endured . newline newline i watched as the pitiful derelict slowly glide into the bay and towards the shore , taking it upon itself to find its final resting place . as it reached the beach , its bow cutting through the sand like a knife , it let out a sorrowful metallic groan as its hull buckled and shook . then , in an instant , it fell silent again , as if content with its choice of grave . newline newline i returned the next day with friends from town , intent to explore the rotting metal corpse that had found its way to our shores . we clambered onto the forlorn ship s deck with the curiosity and eagerness of children , uncertain of what long lost mysteries we were about to discover . newline newline she was dark , cold , and empty , as most dead things are . it seemed as if the ship s crew had simply elected to leave her to the drift . cabins were stripped bear with little in the way of personal effects left behind . tools and other things lay skewed about the deck and cabin floors , things the crew deemed not worth saving . maps and papers had formed pulpy messes in many places , their secrets washed away by the sea seeping its way in . newline newline it was not until my friends called to me , fear and surprise in their voices , did i see anything worthy of true notice . i ran to them , and was struck hard with a foul , putrid odor . upon the ships bridge , at the base of the helm , lay a dead man . we stood frozen , looking into the hollow face , its empty eyes looking , staring back at us in what could almost be silent expectation . he wore a tattered trench coat and overalls , stained brown by bis rotting flesh and insides . on the floor , what had once been a white captain s lay , its brim frayed and broken and its color a ghastly yellow . newline newline the man s face was like a skull , the rotting flesh hanging off the bone like a mask . his tongue lolled out of his mouth , swollen and red . in his hand was clutched a piece of paper , and after much time taken to steel myself to it , i stepped forward and wrenched the parchment from the dead man s hand . newline newline  i committed my soul to the sea , and to the sea i will return ,  it read .  perhaps you are content to find your destination in seconds , and if that is such , i truly pity you . the greatest part of any journey is the travel itself . it can forge you into something you never knew could be , prepare you for trails you never knew you d face . i will brave these seas and welcome the journeys like old friends , even if i must greet them alone . take to your future if you must as they present it to you , but know that you will never know the freedom i knew , feel the achievement i have . you will never know the thrill of the journey , and for that , i pity you .  newline newlinesome people find a lot of meaning in their first careers . i have a lot of friends who ve moved on to graduate school , or to their first careers in network security , or began their first teaching jobs . as for me , i took the first job that would take me after i moved back home , which was a job running the entertainment center for the local senior living home . newline newline newline as an avid gamer myself , i first floated the idea of doing a gaming room as a personal ploy . i d get funding , build a system for work , and get to game in all of my off hours . i thought i was being clever  how many of these seniors could possibly be up to date on the current gaming trends ? i figured that none of the residents could even find the right way to put on a psx headset . newline newline newline a large portion of the residents here were born way back in the 90 s and the early 00 s , but some of them go all the way back to the 80 s . sometimes i find myself wondering what it would have been like to have a childhood without google , without the internet in general  but these people grew up in a totally different world from me . you give any one of these seniors the chance to talk about life before the turn of the millenium and you can bet that they ll talk your ear off for an hour . one of the guys born in the 90 s , in between loud groans at every death he suffered in call of duty , would wax poetic about his own grandfather , who was apparently a veteran of the real world war ii . newline newline newline at first it was just a few old men knocking on my doors asking me about obscure titles for a playstation 2 . as a teenager i actually had a huge emulator phase , so i had played a lot of the classic games that they mentioned . an older gentleman by the name of daniel talked about how he had played every single final fantasy game since the first ones , and how in the usa they had had the numbers mixed up for a bunch of them . he let out an actual shriek when i told him how much i loved final fantasy 7 . newline newline newline i m not sure if it was that conversation , but after that i started having multiple visitors a day , all asking me about different classic games . i started having daily coversations about ocaraina of time , about goldeneye for the n64 , about league of legends and dota 2 . i even got a history lesson from an avid warcraft iii player who described how the whole dota style esport was actually born of the blizzard game warcraft iii  apparently a predecessor of world of warcraft !  . i had never realized it before , but a lot of the games i had tried out in fits of curiosity were the games that defined the genres for these residents . i found myself getting moved by the shared culture we had , so i started my work on the gaming center in earnest and ordered a bunch of computers . newline newline newline at first my plan was to set up individual computers and have everyone connect online , like normal  but when the written requests started coming in , it was nt for better specs on their computers , it was for the opposite . the residents did nt want to look at their own screens on their emulators , they wanted to play local , splitscreen coop . for my part , i was skeptical of why anyone would want to divide their screens like that , but when i saw my work paying off as they finally got together to play these classics on one screen , i started to feel like maybe there was something to their nostalgia . newline newline newline it took me weeks on the internet looking through online postings to find two refurbished n64 systems to run ancient copies of mario kart and goldeneye . it took even longer to find the original nintendo brand controllers for them  that was a nightmare . digging through the nintendo switch , the nintendo world , the wii , i finally managed to find functional gamecubes to satisfy the handful of residents who maintained that super smash bros melee was the greatest fighter of all time . i picked up a few classic xboxes , but the rereleased editions from 2051 for the 50year anniversary , with halo and halo 2 preinstalled right on it . that one generated a lot of buzz . newline newline newline at some point , before i knew it , i had been working here for years , playing these games and laughing with these old , mostly male , incredibly foulmouthed gamers . just like i ve gravitated over to the occasional split screen tournament with the residents , they ve also asked me for advice with the new games that they ve been playing on the equipment that i bought for them . it s funny  these people really did grow up in a different world from the one i did , but the tide of the change video games brought to the world of entertainment still ebbs and flows today .the pen truly was beautiful . a pearly white barrel , a golden clip , and leaving a jet black stroke . jones reflected on his luck for having gotten it . he d just been walking down the street when some raggedy old hobo asked him for some change . jones had declined of course , but not before nabbing the pen from the hobo s paper cup . jones had reasoned that the rag man was probably illiterate , or had stolen the thing , and in any case should nt have been in possession of such a pretty trinket . newline newline but now that he had the pen , what was he supposed to do with it ? gaze longingly into the soft white texture of the barrel and get lost in its delicately swirled gloss ? no ... write . yes write ! that was what you did with pens . newline newline so jones pulled out a ream of paper , cracked his knuckles in anticipation , and not quite knowing how to begin , started off with an easy page filler . newline newline this page is intentionally left blank .  newline newline the world made soft sucking noise , like someone finishing off a smoothie , and then went white . indeed , everything except jones  little setup of a desk , pen , and paper , had entirely disappeared . blank . newline newline he lay the pen down gently , and bit his fingernails nervously . newline  did i do that ?  he muttered to himself . newline newline  you sure did sonnyboy .  newline newline the new voice made jones jump , and he whipped himself around to see an old man dressed in rags grinning like a fool . jones  just stared , dumbfounded , and the old man picked up the slack . newline newline  mayhaps you should nt have taken an old man s possession . hmm ?  newline newline  i ... i m sorry ...  jones stammered . and then with a little more heart ,  what s the meaning of all this ?  newline newline  meaning , hmm ? wrong question . is there meaning when a careless child knocks over a priceless vase ? no . but must that child do all he can to mend his error ? yes .  and the old man motioned to the stack of empty pages laying on the desk . jones instinctually started to protest at the suggestion of doing any work , but caught himself , and instead only uttered an embarrassing squeak . newline newline pen back in hand , he looked down at the next sheet . what should write ? he was no writer . he had nt a writer s bone in his body ! and what should it be about ? how would writing fix anything ? oh well , he had to start somewhere . newline newline the pen dropped down , leaving an obsidian trail . newline newline the quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog .  newline newline jone s eyes widened as the scene materialized in front of him . there it was , a speedy fox jumping over a rather lethargic dog . but after a couple jumps the fox paused , like it had realized that it was doing something silly . it turned to look up at jones , and jones noted how intent its eyes were , how sharp its teeth were , and how ... quickly it could move . newline newline in a flurry of motion , jones jotted more words down . newline newline and then a bear appeared newline newline foxes were afraid of bears , right ? oh dear , that was quite a large bear . and it did nt seem very happy about having been poofed into existence . the bear growled , and jones trembled in his seat . he needed help . frantically , he tried to write for it . newline newline but a night came to stop it .  newline newline there was a loud crackling , and everything went dark . this confused jones , for he had never quite grasped homonyms , and he noticed that the sky was populating itself with stars . suddenly there was more crackling , this time permeated by a low and angry buzz . newline newline  what have you done , hmm ?  the old man asked , looking over jones  shoulder at the paper .  ohh , made a mistake have you . i ve never done that before .  newline newline jones thought the man was being far too calm about all this , and watched in horror as the darkness began to concentrate around the bear . the bear s powerful limbs tried to resist , but slowed as if they were moving through a thick jello . the bear s neck arched back with a loud snap , and its motionless figure hung in the concentrated blackness . newline newline jones could feel the presence now . the night was hungry newline newline  enough of this ,  spoke the man , still grinning ,  its clear that you could nt write yourself out of a wet paper bag , and from the look on your face i d say that you ve learnt your lesson .  and in one swift action , far too dextrous for his age , the man took the pen from jones  hand and began to write . newline newline ... newline newline it did nt take nearly as long as jones thought it would for the universe to be rewritten , and soon he was once again sitting at home with a world surrounding him . he noticed the pen back in his hand , and also that the ream of paper in front of him was once again entirely blank . newline newline but this time it was the paper that stayed blank , and somewhere out on the streets a grinning homeless man was happy to have his pen returned along with a generous handful of change . newline sir egglesworth iv , it seems quite likely that these.. how do you say ? ... hoouuumaaanz ? .. are most surely , indeed most definitely , utterly and irredeemably insane .  miss pottsmith exclaimed with her shrillypitched squeal . newline newline  hmm , yes.. quite .  sir egglesworth was somewhat more reserved in his verbal communications , preferring instead to stare at his collection of items with gears and nod absentmindedly to himself whilst stroking his whiskers . newline newline  oh ! twould make a marvelous asylum ! i can just imagine it now !  miss pottsmith had that dreamy look in her eyes , as if she could imagine all the loonies gathering together to cavort and frolic gaily amongst one another in some sort of ritualistic reunion . i shall command it at once !  she sipped her cold tea and hummed softly to the stuffed animals arranged around her teaparty set . newline newline sir egglesworth simply nodded .he squinted to look at the little pink stick in the dim light from the hanging light bulb in the closet . a clear plus sign was visible on the end . newline newline  it s really real then ,  he said . he sighed and leaned against the wall of the broom closet and sank to his knees , leaving little room for shelby to stand . newline newline  i told you !  she snapped at him .  i ai nt no liar , jerry johnson !  newline newline  alright , alright .  jerry held the positive pregnancy test in the air , and shelby snatched it up .  let s think about this here before we do anything rash .  newline newline he looked at a bucket of cleaning supplies on the floor next to him as he thought . what a mess this is ... i should nt have even come back home . i have such a good life over in l.a. as a lawyer . i left this backwater town for a reason , and now i might have to stay here ... just cause i screwed one of mrs. andrews  daughters .  newline newline  you done with your thinkin  yet ?  shelby asked , scowling . she was picking at her nails as she spoke .  you know we ai nt tellin  the town . they d never allowed us to keep a kid . too many kids these days anyhow .  newline newline  i know ... would that really be so bad though ? not keeping the baby ?  he squeaked out . he knew the answer already . newline newline  jerry , i will not become no babymurderer !  she yelled and proceeded to kick the bucket of cleaning supplies over . newline newline  jesus , shelby , keep it down ! why the hell do you think we re in this broom closet ? we ca nt let anyone know about this yet !  he hissed . newline newline just then a clumsy knock on the door jolted jerry upright . the door opened slowly , and shelby s little sister , sue ann , was standing there with a wide smile .  i heared you two ! you has a babybelly !  she said , poking her older sister s stomach . newline newline  sue ann , do nt tell mama . pplease do nt tell mama .  jerry could see her eyes well with tears as she choked out the words . her little sister could nt possibly understand the magnitude of her responsibility . she was only 7 after all . a single tear leaked out of shelby s eye , and sue ann s crooked grin gave herself away before she did . the little girl sprinted down the hall with shelby at her heels and jerry right behind shelby , running into her many brothers and sisters and friends that lived in the cramped house with them all the way to the kitchen where 5 women were preparing lunch . sue ann tugged on the skirt of her mother , and shelby stood in the doorway looking horrified . jerry hung back . newline newline  shelby has a babybelly !  she shouted to her mother triumphantly , but the whole house must have heard . newline newline her mother looked over at shelby with hollow eyes . shelby s mother looked tired and old , older than she should have been . mrs. andrews eyes drooped at the sides just like her mouth after hearing the news . her hair was gray in some parts , brown in others . and her clothes were dirty and dull but practical for cooking or cleaning . newline newline  i m sorry , mama . ii ...  newline newline mrs. andrews dropped the bowl of stew on the counter , causing it to splash everywhere . the other women in the kitchen left in a hurry . sue ann stuck her tongue out at shelby who ignored her . jerry s stomach churned . after a the two women , mother and daughter , stared at each other for what seemed like hours mrs. andrews broke the silence . newline newline  you know the rules ,  mrs. andrews said in a gravely voice .  the town decides . i ll call the sheriff tonight after dinner .  a tear streaked down her face as she picked the bowl of stew back up and continued to prepare it . newline newline shelby covered her face and started to sob . jerry put a hand on her shoulder , but she shrugged it off . newline newline jerry was only supposed to visit home for a month . he was already 5 weeks into his prolonged vacation , if one could call it that anymore , and was planning on leaving that friday before he got shelby s call . today was monday . the town meeting would be thursday . in underdeveloped towns like where he grew up , people decided whether or not people could have babies because the population was overwhelming already . it made sense logically looking from the outside , but once you re in the situation yourself , you just ca nt imagine it . newline newline jerry s parents would no doubt be upset , but as they were avid supporters of the the law themselves , he doubted he would get any sympathy . selfishly he hoped the town decided against the baby . but for shelby s sake he hoped they decided to let them keep it . of course he would stay if she did . or maybe take her back to l.a.. why did nt he just do that now ? oh , right , he remembered . no one can leave the town until a decision is made . it s a wacky small government system that these nut jobs on the town council thought would be good idea . jesus , the system was fucked . newline newline when friday finally arrived , jerry left for l.a. alone . newlinei stare impatiently at the flashing red man , panting heavily and seriously regretting my run from the bus due to the sweat i could feel pooling in my suit . and because i had stopped when a little old lady had hailed me down for directions , i had missed the walk signal anyway ! i nervously check my watch . this crossing always takes at least five minutes . i am definitely going to be late for work . if i miss this presentation i m almost entirely certain my overpaid , overfed boss will fire me . newline newline i stare anxiously into the passing traffic , the sunlight bouncing off the cars and shining into my eyes . the spot directly in front of me is glaringly bright and i start blinking as it appears to grow steadily brighter . blinking is nt helping and the light is giving me rather a headache so i step back into the shade , briefly closing my eyes . newline newline taking a deep breath , i slowly open them , allowing the light to slip back in . to my horror i realised the bright light is now surrounding a serene woman in the middle of the road . she was draped in a flowing , floating dress , and the traffic seemingly passed right through her , paying no heed . i stare in disbelief , blinking , rubbing my eyes , swallowing what is either a cry of shock or a long scream . there is no reaction from the others waiting at the cross walk , and i m panicking . my god , i ve finally actually cracked and i m seeing things . forget being late to work , i ll be lucky if i m not bloody committed today ! i ve seen my mother strapped to beds and poked and prodded with needles while she screamed at imaginary demons and can imagine no worse a hell . newline newline i resolve to ignore it . i ve seen a beautiful mind ! fuck you , serene , smiling figment of my imagination ! my bravado is greatly shaken as she begins drifting slowly towards me . should i just ditch work and run ? ! i ca nt just stand here ! not knowing what to do and not wanting anyone to know , i freeze . stopping in front of me , she opens her mouth and i wait for her words as my stomach drops to the sidewalk . newline  it s time ,  she gently whispers , as she reaches out her hand . it touches my chest and i feel a small shudder run through my heart . i gasped involuntarily and few people turn to look at me . i grit my teeth and inwardly scream at myself to keep it together . her serene smile is wavering slightly and seems to turn to confusion , but before i have time to puzzle upon it the green man finally pops up and i hurry around her across the road . newline newline except i can still see her . i do nt even have to look around , she s just hovering in the corner of my eye . i run past the entrance to my work into the dark alley beside . the cool , musty air hits my face as i lean against the bricks and squeeze my eyes shut . i need this job . i have two weeks off coming up and if i can just make it through this week ... it s not even that bad ! she s just smiling at me . it s all in my head , so it ca nt hurt me if i do nt react . pep talk over , i steel myself for the day ahead , exit the ally , and walk through the doors into work . newline newline i make it through the presentation . not as perfectly as i could have , but pretty damn well , i think . i ve actively avoided looking at the figure , or even thinking about the figure . but i do nt want to test my luck . ducking under my desk i roughly thrust my fingers down my throat and before anyone takes notice i ve started retching and run to the bathroom . newline newline excused from work , i decide that as this is an emergency i m going to shell out the eighty dollars for an hourlong taxi home . i hail the first one i see and he pulls over . the figure floats in beside me as i give my address and we pull out into traffic . the driver turns the radio up and i count the songs . after eight songs have played i can take it no longer and i subtly glance at the figure beside me . we make eye contact before i quickly turn to look out the window . she looks very much less serene , seeming more ... exasperated ? irritated ? i could nt tell from my brief glance . as i was trying to work up the courage to look again , her cold little hand swiftly reached out to my chest . like earlier , a spasm ran through my heart and again , i gasped . the driver frowned at me in the rearview mirror . clutching my chest i look over at her in shock , and now she s looking distinctly annoyed . newline  it s time !  , she says brusquely . when i do nt react she hits me in the chest and holds her hand there as my heart seems to shudder . newline  stop !  , i scream , throwing the door open as the taxi screeched to a halt , and sprinting down the street as the driver yelled after me . i could see her from the corner of my eye , effortlessly keeping pace . but worse , i could hear her . her voice and become low and eerie and was repeating in a deep , insistent chant   itstimeitstimeitstimeitstime  . newline newline but i was nt having it . goddamnit i ve just earned my first promotion and paid vacation after three years of solid work , i m the fittest i ve ever been , i m about to propose to my goddamn girlfriend and  it s not time !  . the words burst out of me and the light in the corner of my eye vanishes . i look around wildly , seeing nothing except an old couple looking nervously at me and a mother ushering her children past me . i run over to the road , slapping the crosswalk button . the glorious green man miraculously pops up immediately , and head down , i hurry away from the scene of embarrassment . i hear screeching and look up to see a bus metres from my face . it seemed to be moving in slow motion . i peered up into the window and could just see the eyes of the driver . he was nt even looking at the road ! but he did look horrified , and as the bus drew within a meter of my body i followed his gaze to ... the figure . staring triumphantly at me . newline          dropcap  newline newline  you re thinking of three things , all of which are wrong .  newline newline i stared at him for a moment . how could he have possibly known that i had come to three conclusions , much less known that all three would be incorrect . he was undoubtedly correct , of course , as he always was , but i still could not fathom how he could have reached it so quickly . even after a year of apprenticeship studying his methods he still showed me that i had much to learn . newline newline  come now , man , you must understand how it is i know that you are incorrect . have i taught you nothing ?  he leaned forward and stared at me , smoke slowly rising from his cigarette and dissipating into the haze that now filled the room . he stared at me intently , something he always did when he was eagerly awaiting for revelation to strike me as it had done him . newline newline  i must confess i can not understand how you can know not only what i m thinking but also that i m incorrect ,  i said .  you are correct in saying i had reached three possible solutions ...  newline newline  obviously .  newline newline  ... but i only reached three because i can not see how there could be any other possibilities .  newline newline he let out a great sigh and leaned back in his chair , putting out his cigarette .  i am disappointed , indeed . when i agreed to take you on as my apprentice it was as a favor to your uncle , but i am not sure you will ever improve .  newline newline  if memory serves me correctly , my uncle was not much better than i at deduction even after years of working with you ,  i said in a huff , upset at the insult that had been leveled against my intellect . newline newline he laughed heartily and looked at me .  that was merely your uncle being modest in his accounts . i ve always said that he had a flair for the dramatic and gave unfair accounts of everything that i was able to do . and as much as he elevated me in those memoirs he also underestimated his own abilities and contributions . your uncle is as sharp as they come and my practice has suffered in his absence .  newline newline  fine , tell me what i was thinking , but more importantly , explain why i was incorrect in my conclusions .  newline newline he lit another cigarette and sat in silence for a moment , breathing in the tobacco . newline newline  very well , watson . i shall explain it all to you . and after this , i want no more doubts when it comes to the abilities of sherlock holmes .  the solution is obvious . only one of us will survive . thus i have a way of determining it .  i said . henry and al looked skeptically at one another . newline newline i continued ,  here is what we will do . at the same time we will all yell out a number 15 . we will add those numbers and then count starting with me and then going clockwise . whoever gets picked will live . the other two will die , by taking off their helmets . ok ?  newline newline henry said ,  how can we trust you ? could nt you rig it .  newline newline al responded ,  no henry . it is pretty straightforward , and can not be rigged . lets do it .  newline newline henry , al and i glanced at one another . we made a small semi circle and readied ourselves . i said into the microphone in my helmet ,  ready , 3 ... 2 ... 1..go !  newline newline i had thought of a plan if i had lost and if i had won . surprisingly , it would be much better for me to lose the game . for the winner of the game does not have the certainty that the other two wo nt renege on their end of the deal ... newline newline i said ,  1 !  i heard two other numbers of 3 and 4 . henry and al were shaking with fear and i was too though i tried not to show it . i began ,  1348 .  i began the count . me , al , henry , me , al , henry , me , al . newline newline  al wins .  i proclaimed . al gave many nervous glances at henry and i. i took one look at henry and he knew as well what was bound to happen . newline newline henry and i jumped at al as quickly as we could in the martian atmosphere .  wtf are you doin  al screeched . henry held al as tightly as he could and i began taking off al s helmet . it was hard at first , but eventually i found the spot that made it work . it was much easier than i had expected ... newline newline al s face went from fear to gasps for air as his arms and legs flailed around helplessly . i yelled to henry ,  hey pin him newline newline henry responded ,  why ! ? ! he is almost dead already !  newline newline i answered ,  just to be sure , god dammit !  newline newline henry pinned al s helpless body to a large rock nearby . i did what had to be done . i went on top of henry who was on top of al and lunged for his helmet . newline newline henry responded with anger on the mic ,  you treacherous mother fucker !  newline newline i found the spot and henry s head beginning to be swallowed up by the harsh atmosphere . i went as far away as i could go from their two lifeless bodies . what had i done ? ! ? newline newline i reached our camp , went inside and took off my gear . i put my head in my hands and sobbed . i then reached over to the food packs and took out a pack of ramen noodles . i guess i was chosen then ... according to the rules .the first few months of aftermath were bad , newline like really , really bad for lots of folks , newline the unemployment rate was nearly half , newline divorce and suicide went through the roof . newline the hacker we had called anonymous , newline though now we know his name and his hometown , newline could not have dreamed the chaos he would cause newline when he released the deluge on the world . newline the nsa had all our history , newline and now that information s out in public , newline our every visit , search , and risky click . newline we d browsed the darker corners of the web , newline with no awareness of the trail we d left . newline celebrities and politicians were newline among the first to feel the consequences , newline but soon our spouses , bosses looked us up newline and we could not explain away the filth newline and crazy shit that stood beside our names . newline now those were times of darkness , yes indeed , newline with everyone afraid to go online , newline embarrassed , miserable , ashamed and sad . newline but then a funny thing began to happen , newline we all began to realize everyone newline had horrors hiding in their history . newline with all our secrets out and in the open newline we re free to be exactly who we are , newline and everyone is so much more accepting , newline except some crazy jerks who all got doxed . newline newline newline newline newlinethe engineers , programmers , and researchers assembled before the war council looked visibly nervous . these were dire times and the oftoverrunning timelines typical of the military development process were exponentially shorter and more efficient when there was the possibility of the military s positions themselves being overrun . failure was not an option ... newline newline  gentleman ,  the leader of the war council spoke first ,  what is the status of operation dead presidents ?  the assembled general staff and officers were the last remnants of the leadership that sought to preserve the union . their ability to turn the conflict around depended heavily on this topsecret project .  how are the various subprojects proceeding ?  newline newline the lead engineer looked uneasy just standing before the war council , but now looked visibly ill upon hearing the general s question   erm , ah , well , here are the statuses of the various subprojects and we will conclude that with the , uh , overall status of operation dead presidents : newline newline frankenreagan :  progress was advancing in a positive manner until we began testing in limitedcombat conditions . during that testing phase , he started tearing down defensive positions around his location while bellowing  tear down that wall !  there was no any one wall in particular , just any wall , really , and he would do his best to destroy it . even the walls of buildings , hedges , anything that seemed to block any form of movement really . that project is on hold currently as we are looking to sort out that issue . no known estimate of when it may be back online . sorting out the braincpu is the biggest hurdle right now as his strength is more than adequate for combat . newline newline mechagoldwater :  this project was probably among the best with regard to testing in combat environments , but there was a software glitch and he ran away , spouting phrases about  stacking pinko commies like firewood !  and was last seen heading in the direction of the capitol . his current position is unknown and he is carrying a payload of four tactical nuclear warheads . we should probably really start diverting more resources to finding him ... and see if there is a route to the greenbrier still open ... before , ah , it s , uh , too late . really , we should ... newline newline bionickennedy :  we rebuilt him with the resources we had and did the best we could . physically , he is an excellent specimen , but we could not reprogram his brain to our liking . he , too , got away from the darpa testing grounds  however , we received a signal from his internal gps and it looks like he is in alaska . near the palin residence , to be exact ... ahem , we re not 100  sure of his intentions , but it is thought that he is nailin  palin . also , he could be there to keep watch on russia from that location as well  please remember , his brain is still in 1963 . newline newline a.b.e :  a.b.e , short for advanced biomedical experiment , is a hybrid of the three previous projects , utilizing cyborgmechanicalundead components . gentlemen , lincoln is our best bet . now , we had issues with the location of the power core , but that seems to be rectified in the latest emancipator  iteration  originally it was in the head , but overheating issues would cause the back of it to blow out when the core overheated and exploded . the current iteration has the core placed inside his tophat to allow for better cooling and ventilation  no heating issues have been seen thus far . testing , both on the proving grounds and in limited combat trials , shows that he is the best chance we have at a force multiplier that could tip the war in our favor . newline newline overall , we have learned a great deal through all of the projects , but a.b.e . is the only success across the board . his height allows him to better survey the surrounding area  his long legs provide greater mobility across uneven terrain as well . add in the weapons suite he has fitted and lincoln could once again preserve our union . thank you for your time , gentlemen . james was working in his lab , decked out in whatever protective gear he could find . this was ebola , a disease that made hiv and aids look like a common cold with symptoms . a new strain of it , he had to be careful . for all he knew it could eat through a layer . he did nt want to go back home , where he knew he d get a call from his parents and his few friends . they always asked why a handsome guy wanted to work in a lab all day . they thought he was shy , afraid to make friends . he was not shy at all , he did nt see the point in a social life , he felt more at home in a lab then he did with other people . he kept rambling on in his mind till he made a big mistake , he d accidentally broken the glass .  fuck  he said . fuck summed it up very nicely . he blacked out . newline newline when he woke he felt a need , a need to socialize . he did nt know why . he knew he had to get medical attention , he knew the strain must have affected him , since he had landed with his mouth right on it . the virus , it was controlling him , it was him . newline newline he arrived at home . he should have drove to the hospital . the virus was gaining control . he saw what was happening , it was taking control , not just of his body , but of him as well . newline newline james arrived at the nearby bar . after a few drinks he began talking up the bartender , a nice woman around his age . he knew what he was doing was wrong , that he would infect the woman as well . he knew soon the symptoms would show up , but who knows how many he will have infected . newline newline after the bartender fell asleep , after having a great time , and had closed the bar up for the night . he kept going . but james the nice guy who did nt see the point in a social life was gone . his stomach was in pain , so much pain that if he had control of his body , he d kill himself . but he was gone . the virus was in control now ... he was patient zero for the new strain .my god . she s . still . talking . he thought as he stared vacantly into her seemingly mechanized assembly line of a mouth , that just seemed to shit out bad statement after bad statement . her mouth was like the walmart of conversation and her brain was like china manufacturing shitty concepts with little to no materials and spitting them out through her thankless , hateful overdriven mouth . newline newline  and that  s when my new shiatsuminipitbullcockerterrier made this hilarious yipping sound !  she chortled , and then mimicked the dog  s yipping noise , making his eyes widen for a moment as he realized that her voice could actually get higher . she giggled like a school girl and her perfectly fabricated barbie body jiggled with excitement . he knew this should be sexually exciting , but it didn  t even give him an inkling of a semichub , because her vapid personality was so ultimately devoid of critical reasoning on any level , that for the first time in his life , a genuinely nutbustingly hot girl just did not turn him on at all . newline newline   i  m totally going to go study abroad next summer ! spain !   she shouted out of nowhere at him , and he felt himself go temporarily deaf in one ear . then he realized what was happening to him . the temporary deafness had launched his stomach into a fullfledged fit , and suddenly he had lost control . his eyes widened , his face reddened , and she newline she stopped talking ! newline newline but it was too late . he was already lunging forward to her clumsy , confused dismay , and then he felt the massive torrent of vomit eject from his mouth and cover her entire body , followed by an ear piercing scream , which deafened him , and caused him to vomit even more , until she was covered in vomit , screaming and crying . she ran from the building , dripping huge sloppy chunks of vomit onto the ground as she pranced away . he dry heaved on the groundsmiling ever so slightly .it s curious that on the whole people tend to think the world is so much more fragile than it really is . newline newline everything from the economy to the environment to , well individuals and their ability to overcome adversity . newline newline jacob laughed for a moment , pushing a few strands of dark hair from her face . newline newline  i m serious . i mean how many times have you seen some story about someone in a terrible situation and thought no way i could survive that  . we just underestimate everything .  newline newline  i guess so  , adam replied .  how d you get a name like jace anyway ?  newline newline  long story ...  , she said , peering mysteriously at him with her blue eye , her hair danging over her green one as she fished for interest . newline newline  i ve got time .  newline newline  oh , i know .  she flashed a knowing sort of smirk at him , then let her gaze drift off the bridge they both leaned on watching the sun rise slowly across the city water front . he was in his early twenties , but he had that classically handsome look that a lot of entrepreneurial types get , like they re really a 60 year old man s experience tucked into a nice toned young body . newline newline  well ...  she laughed , musing about just how much to tell him .  it s kind of a thing to swap the genders of names . but i m guessing you found me out because you wanted to know more than what you ll be naming your kids .  newline newline  i have kids ?  newline newline  did you bring the money ?  newline newline he did , and he tossed it over to her in a small brown bag . newline newline in truth , she d already been told what he wanted to know and done the research . newline newline  so you really know ? i mean the word is you re never wrong .  newline newline  not yet . every time i do it it gets a little trickier .  newline newline  alright , so ... will this thing pay off ? ... i mean , in the long run .  newline newline  yeah . it ll do just fine . but it wont matter , because you ll kill yourself .  newline newline adam took a step back and opened his mouth as if he was going to say something , then after a moment remembered to breath and leaned on the bridge , covering his eyes as the sun s more yellow rays started coming through . newline newline  no shit.. ?  newline newline  no shit  .  newline newline  you re sure ?  newline newline  i m sure .  newline newline  why am i going to kill myself ?  newline newline  i m not supposed to tell you .  newline newline  what that s like a rule ?  newline newline  sort of . in your will you specifically requested that information be kept from you .  newline newline  what do you mean in my will ? !  newline newline  it ll be sort of a thing to do ... people cherry pick stuff they do nt want anyone like me telling them .  newline newline adam took a step back , and unconsciously turned and cradled his head in his hands . newline newline jacob stared off into the distance , wondering if today was the day . newline newline it had always been assumed that something as complex as time travel was almost certain to result in a myriad of paradoxes , infinite loops and other galaxyobliterating effects . as it turned out though , this was just one more place where people were wrong about the fragile nature of the universe . none of that stuff seemed to even matter , and even when scientists tried they could nt break even a microscopic piece of the fabric of time . no matter what was done to it , it all seemed to repair itself , like a river diverting or breaking off into multiple streams when it hits a boulder . you could basically always make it back to your own timestream , and it was actually fine if some other world was a little weirder for your having visited so long as you did nt do anything that was illegal in your own timestream  stuff like violating adam s will . eventually time travel was deemed safe and approved for consumer use . newline newline  it s not so bad .  she said , in a weak attempt at reassuring him . newline newline the irony was she d come back this time on a particularly petty errand  she wanted to sleep with a celebrity in his youth and see if he really was as good in bed as a few personal correspondences she d read claimed . newline newline  what am i supposed to do with that ?  newline newline for what it was worth , he was actually a great lay . newline newline  whatever you want . you paid me for the information , and you have it .  newline newline she glanced at her wristband , frowning at the low battery signal she d ignored on her way in . she had insurance , but her plan was nt very good and only guaranteed a pickup within 30 days of her arrival . so in the meantime she d taken to selling information , as was common for those in her position to do . after all , basically every device had a copy of nearly all of human knowledge . so it was a simple matter to dig up a few scraps of information about the future and peddle your way around until you got picked up . newline newline  when am i going to die ?  newline newline  you bring more money ?  newline newline  no ... but i just   newline newline   you just nothing .  jacob turned and smiled at him , laying her hands on his shoulders . adam could nt help but notice her fingernail polish seemed to change color with her mood . newline newline  you just nothing adam stephens . if you go through with this venture of yours , you ll get rich , accomplish everything you think you want to and then kill yourself . that s all i can tell you , and honestly after looking at your future it s all you want to know .  newline newline adam leaned against the bridge wall and slid down to a sit , staring off into the distance . newline newline  can i ... can i not kill myself ?  newline newline  sure . you can do whatever the sim you want  , she replied , slipping into the wrong vernacular for a moment .  i m just telling you what you were going to do before you met me . what you do from here on out is entirely up to you .  newline newline  okay ... anything else ?  newline newline  yeah . that girl of yours is going to cheat on you if you do nt pay more attention to her .  newline newline  who ?  newline newline she paused and cursed under her breath . he has nt met olivia yet . oh well , maybe the advice will help when he does , though probably not . people are funny like that . even if he pays more attention to her she may just go out and break his heart anyway just for the hell of it . the greeks really did have that fated tragedy thing right , she pondered for a moment . newline newline her wristband began to flash and vibrate gently . newline newline  what s that ?  he said looking up hopefully . newline newline  my ride s here . got ta run .  newline newline not meaning the phrase in slang , she literally tore off running . she was approximately fifty meters out of alignment and the gate would only be open for about ten seconds . newline newline  wait !  adam cried out  who were you talking about ? !  newline newline  just pay attention to her you idiot !  jacob screamed back as she turned and jumped off the bridge . newline newline adam darted to the edge and watched her fall . she stretched her arms out and revelled in the wind around her as he looked on in horror . newline newline just as she was moments from hitting the water her velocity generator synced up with the gate and with a blinding flash she was gone . newline newline when she awoke in her comfy bed she sat up and casually looked through her friend s activity streams finding nothing of interest and then checked up on how her clients  had ended up . newline newline  huh .  she mused . olivia did nt cheat on him this time . newline newline he still died during the organ donation .my own biases aside , i ll admit to myself that the song selection is on point . i ll admit this to myself because that s the only kind of admission possible at this point . denial is the open origin i avoid by linear acceptance of all 360 degrees , of every angle , but no points . newline newline a less circular comparison is i am focusing on the scoreboard until the away team s score fades from numbers i understand and worry over into a more comfortable infinity symbol . i admit to myself i  can not  see the time , and that a period is a point . my own teams score is wonderfully invisible in plain sight , as the counter to infinity should be , so i elude the closing solo performance  i accepted a role when there were positions , i played point .  newline newline i admit this to myself , because there is no other means of admission . these monsters  i admit my own fear  that sing the songs of my ancestors  i admit the songs were never really mine  will not understand . they stole  before he had a chance to own  the voice of a son i never taught such things to . they took him too soon for me to do so . they took him to soon , that was his age . they sing in all of his emotions , and i notice my sadness absent from the chorus  a silent night agreed  . this fills me with emotions that ca nt exist in that  this  dimension where the stimulus is their truer forms , and assume the only lie left . i accept my sadness to myself . i accept if it is possible for a lie to accept its believer  holy night indeed  sadness is accepting me . the truth  i wish i could know it to accept it  is going to be the last lesson . this race  a 100 percent dash  that came , saw , and conquered  killers , never rulers  for the total identities of the seen will understand our futility that s finally glimmering  nothing really shines at night  unhindered by my avoidance of it . i admit that glimmer was a shine to myself , and give myself to my hope . the glimmer in his eyes on his face from my body on my porch on what will be his planet in much the same way it would have been . newline newline newline it s a shame humans already gave up immortality though . we do nt exist , we live finitely in infinite time  the scoreboard flickers  . anything over infinity is zero , but nothing gets to be infinity . so as earth continues beginning and this story appears through chance  universal history  , or whatever comforting differentiations it s expressions use  authors note : i think that means me  , here is my history . our world is a hell prone to freezing over newline newline in memory of the frozen i ve heard that song before , what is it ?  newline newline  which song ?  newline newline  you heard that man humming that song that just passed us right ?  newline newline  no , i must not have been paying attention .  newline newline  hey sir !  as i turned around and looked for the stranger , he was nowhere to be found . newline newline  that s strange .  i said , as i kept walking . newline newline the rhythm stuck with me , the melody in tune with my whole day , each thing that i did , each thought that i had , almost flowed as if the beats of the song were the soundtrack to my life . newline newline the song was on repeat in my head , there were parts of the song that were slow and then they picked up , almost as if the song has a sort of tune that induced different emotions . it seemed as though i would be happy one minute with each beat reminding me of a part of my life that was good and beautiful . when the song slowed down i started to feel empty , lost , and almost scared at times . newline newline after a while the song started reminding me of my whole life , as if it was playing really slowly throughout my childhood , years where i was happy , until it switched and i became depressed and alone , but always in the rhythm of the song . newline newline i noticed this song througout my life developed a metronome slowly increasing in speed . the years of my life affected by the tunes morphing into months , then hours , then minutes . newline newline my friend weeks later mentioned he noticed something different about me , a sort of a bypolar adittude he adapted knowledge of from his dad . it was true though , it would nt take me as much to become stressed , and vice versa . always with the rhythm of the song . newline newline if only i could remember the name of that song , maybe that will make this madness stop , this is getting ridiculous i ca nt take it anymore , i m going mad and it s all cause of a fucking song . i heard it once and now it s following me , playing in my head and i would do anything to make it stop god dammit . no , calm down . this world is beautiful , it really is , the birds singing , the people dancing , the sun rising , i could nt be more happy . this song is the best thing that has happened to me . it s wonderful ... wait , then why do i feel so alone , nobody will even look at me anymore , i feel so pathetic and lost . i m losing my friends . this is getting ridiculous , why is this happening . why , god dammit ... if only i could remember the song.. but why do i care , it s beautiful , harmonic , i love it . newline newline it s getting faster .the bells attached to the door quietly ring . that s your cue to force a smile . reflexively , you spout the same greeting you ve given a thousand times before ,  hello and welcome to gregory s second hand skills . are you looking to buy or sell ?  newline newline a venerable man shuffles at an agonizing speed up to the counter . his lips move with great pain .  i m selling .  you internally sigh . taking skills out of people over 60 usually fails , there s no chance the extraction will work on this centurian , yet company policy mandates you try .  ahh yes , please sit down in this chair , and we ll start the extraction procedure . newline newline start thinking about the skill now , and i ll take care of the rest .  , you spout with false enthusiasm . newline newline the man looks towards the chair . his face has none of the emotions that flavor life on display , in their place is both resolve and resignation . after what seems like an agonizing eternity , the man has finally sat in the chair . his lips quiver  i m ready .  newline newline you wish you could hurry up , but you have to make sure you obey all of the regulations , lawyers salivate at the thought of being able to sue a skill shop that makes a mistake .  okay sir . i just have to strap you into the chair , as some people have accidentally fallen out of the chair during the process .  newline newline you fasten the old leather straps to the man s wrists , ankles and waist . as the metal dome is placed over his head , the man s eyes look bleak . newline newline you confirm one last time , as the law requires ,  everything is ready .  he snaps a response at you ,  just get it over with already !  you throw the switch . the man convulses as his experiences leave him . the lights dim from the immense power draw of the machine . soon enough , the machine stops and the lights return . newline newline protocol dictates that you unbuckle him now , but curiosity gets the better of you , and you look at the monitor . it reads ,  skill uploaded : facing execution by electric chair without flinching .  newline newline you look over at the man . he s not breathing .it is the first day . i , shamir of tuledge , am about to undertake the ritual of adulthood . like my father before me , i shall climb the beast of the valley , a lumbering colossus who has rested two miles south of our village . the beast seldom moves , and has sat in the same spot for over a thousand years . it s shadow is cast over the village during the hottest days of the year . newline newline little is known about this beast . for as far as anyone can remember , it has always been there . it sits , watching us . it does not harm us , but it does not protect us either . it is just there . it watches . it only moves when too many people try to leave it s watch . then it stops . newline newline and now , i am to climb it . i am prepared , i have supplies , i have tools . i have the blessing of our gods , and i have waited many a day for this moment . my mother was hesitant , but she knows it is time for my climb . this is how we reach adulthood , by standing on the top of the beast , and bringing the fruit from the tree at the top . newline newline the base of the beast is a gentle slope . it s an easy walk . but the higher i get the steeper the slope becomes . it quickly goes from walking uphill to proper climbing . this is the easy part . this part of the beast never moves . i spent most of my childhood scaling walls , climbing up the cliffs of our valley . there is nt a single place i have nt climbed , and i have learnt from our villages master climbers . i make the climb gradually , finding hand holds , and foot rests . newline newline but it is a big climb . the beast reaches to the clouds and beyond . it must have a view of the entire world from where it is . and soon , i too , will see what it sees , as all my elders have . they are men , they underwent this ritual , and they all talk of what they saw , though none will share what they saw with me . i have not earned that right . but i will . newline newline i climb higher . into the moving sections . the climb is much harder now , i have to be conscious of my movements . the beast moves sometimes of it s own free will , sometimes to better observe me . but that s all it does , is watch . newline newline upon nightfall , i am a third of the way up . i find a plateau , one that moves little , and make camp . before i sleep i look down at my village . it already looks so tiny , but i can not yet see outside the valley i have called home for my entire life . i can see more than i have ever seen , but it is yet nothing new . newline newline that night i find it hard to sleep . even ignoring the fact that i am alone , in a bed that is not my own , the constant movement , and the noises of the wild keep me unsettled . in the end i manage only a few hours of sleep , before i emerge with the morning sun . i look to the beast , and realise that for the first time in over a day it is not looking at me . this soon changes and i can feel it s gaze . i match it , and as if to confirm , the ground beneath my feet shakes . newline newline that s when i realise where i am . i am several hours lower than i was . not completely at where i started , but i had lost a lot of time . i now understand why this is a challenge . if i am going to beat the beast , i will need to spend more time climbing . eager i pack my camp and keep moving forwards . newline newline the climb is now harsh . yesterday the gods blessed me with sunlight , today they dismiss me with light rain that make climbing the beast slippery . despite this i move , my arms gripping tighter . i will not be beaten by a little water . that is not the tuledge way . my father would never allow it . newline newline the rocks spent hours swaying and moving . it was rhythmic , as though the beast was singing , though i did not hear a note . nevertheless , it made the timing a little easier . for several hours i climb , surpassing yesterdays height by a good margin before it again becomes too dark to climb . i make camp , almost halfway up and look to my village . from here i can vaguely make out the tops of trees outside our valley . it was something new . for the first time in hours i smile . i am now seeing something new . newline newline i sleep better that night than i did the first . my spirits had been renewed by the earlier successes , and the wind had died down , making everything quieter . newline newline but when i woke up i found myself in the same place as before . in my bewilderment i look to the face of the beast . a delighted smirk looked down at me . the beast was mocking me . and my entire days efforts yeeterday was in vein . in determination i grit my teeth and look to my opponent . i will take his challenge . newline newline i keep climbing . i ignore my bodies aches . i ignore the blisters and the sore feet . i block out the pain of the cuts on my hands , the feel of stiffness in my arms , and that dull ache in my legs . i ignore the pounding in my head , and focus entirely on the climb and i keep going . newline newline night falls , and i do nt stop . i clearly need to get further . i need to clear as much as i can . i do nt know how the beast moved my camp , but i will not allow it to happen again . i keep going higher and higher , through the darkness . i will not be beaten . newline newline and yet i am . i ca nt keep going forever . plyatu , the goddess of sleep makes her intentions known , and i ca nt ignore her siren song forever . i ca nt even make out how high i am , it s too dark . so i stop , and i rest . i make the best possible camp considering the darkness , and do my best to sleep through the nights storm . newline newline i wake up groggy . i step outside , and yet again i am back where i awoke on day two . angrily i yell out in frustration , cursing the mountain beast . as if in response it shakes violently , jostling my camp and causing me to loose my footing . i yell hard until my voice is hoarse , and the beast simply keeps shaking until i can not shout further . newline newline in frustration i do nt move . i ca nt move . it s not for lack of desire either , but i quickly learn that morning that i had overdone it the day before . i need the rest . valiently i try to ignore it , but unlike yesterday i simply ca nt . over the course of the day i make slow progress and climb , but i do nt even get as high as i did on day one before once again night falls and i am forced to stop . newline newline i make camp again , and i offer a prayer to the gods , instructing them not to let the beast move me . i will do this , even if i need to take weeks to do this . i will not be defeated . i will not relent . i will not fail . as i close my eyes that night , my stomach grumbles , and i do my best to ignore my hunger . newline newline and then i wake up again . back where i have woken up every day . i am now starving . my rations have run out , and food is scarce on the beast . i slowly look upwards , looking at the mountain . once again it looks at me , and it s eyes pierce through my soul . it looks at me wondering why i have nt quit . truthfully , i ca nt quit . i will beat the beast . it is what i came here to do . newline newline again i climb . my entire body is now fighting against it . my arms are in agony , my legs moreso . i make the slowest progress yet , and begin to wonder how futile it all is ? no matter how hard i struggle , the beast moves me back . it all seems to be a joke to the beast . i go for just an hour before i simply can not . my body is now winning . i lay on the ground , head to the sky , watching the birds flying overhead . newline newline i lay there for longer than i climbed . my entire body feels broken . my energy is gone . my stomach is empty . i have gotten nowhere . in my mind i wonder how anybody has beaten the beast ? how could anyone get to the top ? i surrender for the day and make camp here . in the evening i am able to catch a small mouse scurrying , and though it is not much , to my hunger , the rodent is a feast . newline newline and sure enough , i wake up in the same spot as always . as soon as i woke up i knew i had , even before i had properly looked . i stick my head out of my tent , and i just sigh . i look to the beast , it s watching me as it has done all this week . newline newline  how can i get to the top of you ?  i ask feebly . newline newline from beneath me , the ground rumbles . suddenly i feel myself get jolted upwards . the entire ground i lifted . i look around in shock and see the valley get lower and lower . i watch as the walls seem to lower , and i see the trees from behind the valley emerge once more , and as i rise i see more and more . i begin to take in the world beyond , and i see several other villages , each guarded by their own mountain beast . newline newline within moments i am high above everything . the beast had raised me up to the top . i steady myself , and slowly walk forwards , my aches temporarily defeated by my enthusiasm . as i look around i see the tree , it s fruit ripe and ready to be picked . i walk over to the tree , and reach for a fruit . i sit and eat it , wondering how long my ancestors took ?the first human contact with aliens was awkward and distressing . newline best described as snaillike sentients , the aluumu were slowmoving pseudomolluscs who had developed a sort of organic technology that had allowed them to venture into space . they were old  about 10 billion years older than humanity  yet their technology was just barely beyond our own . newline but the most astonishing fact was that they did nt understand the concept of weapons . newline human xenobiologists and xenoanthropologists who studied the aluumu homeworld were stunned to find a culture and ecosystem that did not have predators . newline this sort of biological harmony meant that the species shared genetics freely across various animals and the aluumu were actually massive colonies of different species  similar to our terrestrial chondrophores . at the very basic level , everything on the planet aluu ingested only inorganic or decaying matter , the lowest organisms converting the matter through to the higher organisms in a beautiful chain of complex biochemistry that left many of our xenobiologists irritatingly excitable . newline the other problem  for the aluumu  was that they had no concept of selfishness . newline coming from a global system that only benefited from total altruism , they did not understand the human capacity for moral ambiguity  and were therefore easily taken advantage of . newline lacking any concept of conflict and finding the concept of war terrifyingly incomprehensible , they ignored our differences and tried to integrate  us into their species by altruistically seeding us with genetic information  to not only bring about biological perfection by freeing us of disease , but to soothe the savage beast  within us and remove our dominant , violent traits . newline humanity , of course , saw this as an attack . newline newline the aluumu had been in contact with many other sentient , spacefaring species , as we discovered from their records . newline what remained of the species after the aluumu wars  amounted to nothing more than a handful of individuals who were kept in research facilities and used for advanced genetic research . newline from them , humanity learned to program itself into a biologically superior organism . newline like the aluumu , most of the other alien species had no concept of war , or it had died out in their very ancient past . organic life in the galaxy , it seemed , was far less like us and far more like the snailcreatures we had practically exterminated . newline primed by the terror of the aluumu wars  , where vast portions of humanity had been infected  with a zombie virus  that made us slowmoving , affable and selflessly cooperative to the point of docility , the earth corporations who controlled our resourcestripped planet saw an opportunity to demonstrate what would become the defining feature of our species  unbridled greed . newline behaving like mobile insect colonies , the idri were the next to fall , then the palacatalata  citysized super organisms comprising of billions of trillions of cooperative singlecelled entities . both put up a token resistance , but both fell quickly to the scourge of humanity . newline panicking , the galactic community convened and elected the rovak  the only other race with a vaguely warlike history  to head their battle fleets . newline but humanity , having taken such pleasure in genetically engineering supersoldiers and reverseengineering alien biotech , had built massive , unstoppable juggernauts in preparation for what we saw as an inevitable  conflict with another species like ourselves . newline to say the war was onesided is being generous . newline it was a massacre to make previous human genocides feel comforting and benign . newline aided by the hideous , arachnid appearance of the rovak and an insurmountable  language barrier , the human troops thought they were simply making preemptive strikes against an aggressor hellbent on wiping us out . certainly it looked that way to the average citizen  planet after planet of newlybuilt alien military outposts , strategically positioned against earth and its colonies . newline fearing an end in the same manner as the aluumu , the idri and the palacatalata , the galactic races surrendered to humanity and begged for their lives . newline newline in the aftermath , we sit here , rulers of the galaxy , virtual terror gods to these gentle , placid aliens . newline aliens who learned the art of war far too late  just as we learned the art of peace far too late . newline humanity is treated with such deference and reverence on the alien populated worlds that it is embarrassing to step foot on whatever passes for their streets . even the remnants of the rovak species grovel , flip themselves on their back and present their furry , vulnerable underbellies to us , showing we are the dominant species . newline other races , like the yu , will simply commit mass ritual suicide on sight of a human being , so we can not even set foot on their worlds . newline the damage we have done to this galaxy is utterly beyond repair . newline there is no way back from this  even should humanity become like the yu and commit massive , galactic suicide , the other races will never recover what they once had . they are too frail , too fearful and too broken . newline as we harness the last technologies of the elder races and our collective eye turns outward from the milky way , i fear for the rest of the universe . newline newline  allison hale , xenobiologistshit . the fuck just happened ? i ca nt see . i ca nt hear . whaaa ... ? newline newline okay . okay . what do i have ? i can feel . okay . so , i m sitting . still harnessed . that s good . heat . from in front , but even . gunner s window , desert outside . that s right . normal . okay . no vibration . no wind . no vestibular input . we re not moving . not normal . not good . rotor must be stopped , we re on the ground . still harnessed in . must be a good sign . newline newline drip . newline newline smell . no smoke . no fire . good . something metallic though . did we crash ? fuck . just my luck . ca nt go a week outside the wire without something going wrong . i hope it s just a strep fairing torn open . can fly back to the fob without one of those . newline newline drip . newline newline drip . newline newline what ? hearing must be coming back . no shouts . no . gunfire . not under attack . muffled though . like my helmet was ... newline newline drip . newline newline we ll no shit . my helmet . it s over my eyes . duh . pull that thing off . fingers do nt want to work right . whatever . got ta get it off so that can see . newline newline drip . newline newline drip . newline newline drip . newline newline there . gah ! its fucking bright ! okay . gun s bent . fuckit . m9 still on my vest . good . the ground is straight out my window . must have blown a strut on impact . look back . fuck ! hole the size of a small elephant in the troop door and part of the main transmission is just gone . good thing we already dropped the pax . no way they d survive that . gon na have to wait for dart to come get us though . damnit . gon na be a ton on paperwork and newline newline drip . newline newline what is that ? it s red . hydraulic fluid ? i swear , if we crashed because delta did nt actually change out that transfer module , someone s gon na  newline newline drip . newline newline no . hydraulic fluid is translucent . this is ... opaque . newline newline drip . newline newline drip . newline newline aw fuck . i think that s supposed to be inside me . newline newline drip .in a more ancient time , long before the first gasp of man , a chain of mountains straddled the land . these mountains could think , speak , and feel . of course , aside from growing taller , this was all the mountains could do in the realm of movement . but speak and think they did , and the mountains watched the stars shift above them and the world cool around them for eons . newline newline eventually , a body of water formed near the mountains . one mountain , slightly taller than most , began to peer into the reflective pool . it enjoyed its image , a thing of towering snowcaps and rippling rock . and so it drew in the heat and earth around it , stealing from its friends and growing ever higher so as to please itself more and more . newline newline it grew and grew and its fellow mountains remained the same , while some even grew smaller . but the mountains could not reverse their companion s ascent , for it had consumed and stolen so much . it towered above the clouds and hoarded the earth and the magma to itself , blissful in its magnificence . newline newline and one day , as it neared the highest clouds and its fellows sunk ever lower , the earth within it began to crumble from the pressures of such a towering thing . bit by bit the rock began to fall , and bit by bit the proud mountain began to topple . it fell and fell , and as it did it caught its reflection in the vast lake that lurked below . reduced to tiny specks of its former self , its pieces spread far and wide  some into the water below , most to its surrounding friends . newline newline and as the topmost part of the mountain sailed downwards , it looked into the lake that had held its attentions for so long . it saw itself surrounded by strong , squat mountains , covered in trees and life  they continued to think and feel , and the oncegreat mountain felt their peace as it slid into the deep waters .i was just walking along the dark streets of an old town no know probably knew . a tourist , you my call me , but i know these streets like the back of my hand . iv known them now like i did 300 to about 400 years ago , i m starting to loose count . the war was still going on now and i was there when it stared , gosh was that a brutal day . we do it in silence were no knows about it or it s history . but , one drunk decision , changed that and all i had to do was to do was buy an old colleague a drink . newline newline i was walking home from a business meeting , we were running low on troops i needed to find some a fast .  hey  i hear a voice that i have nt herd in a long time . i take out my revolver and point it a the head of soldier green , the leader of our enemies . he was once my friend , before the war . i remember he was still training to be but he is now . as a soldier , he saw what he was doing was wrong . he wanted to run away and start a rebellion against what we were doing and he wanted me to come with him . i told him i count and that i have to be loyal to my leader . he looked heartbroken  fine  he said that night  i will see you on the battlefield .  to others he was known as the rebel soldier but to me he was a forgotten memory and that was the last i ever saw him , until tonight . newline newline he was wearing a casual shirt with blue jeans and a leather jacket , he also looked drunk . he put his hands up to try to protect himself .  ow , hey . i just what to talk .  i squinted at him . i have the leader of our enemy right i front of me , gun at his head , and he just wants to talk ?  what ?  i say sounding annoyed . he toppled over but surprisingly keep his balance .  i ... i want to talk .  he said . newline newline  about what ?  newline newline  this stupid war we stared .  newline newline  what bout it ?  newline newline  i want to end it .  newline newline i was so surprised that i dropped my gun and just stared at him in schoch . if i remember correctly , the only reason the war has ended years ago was when green believe in something he would nt let that go . that s why they call him the rebel soldier because other soldiers were nt supposed to believe in silly things like freedom of speech or free spirit just that they were made to win .  let s have a drink a talk .  green said .  i ... i think you ve hade enough .  i said still in schoch .  no , i ll be fine .  he said as he was walking back up the bar . i quickly pick up my gun and followed him . newline newline  we re running low on troops .  green said taking a drink . i insisted on buying the drinks because of the way he looks i do nt think he needs to spend more money .  yea  was all i could think of replying without giving too much information away .  how did you last this long ?  he asked .  what do you mean ?  i said . newline newline  are nt you tired of all this ?  newline newline  well ... yes , but what are we suppose to do about it ?  newline newline  we can start by saying ... i m sorry .  newline newline  for what ?  newline newline  for starting this whole thing . but i hade to do something , i count just take orders like this was there choice , now shoot  .  newline newline if the people now a days have taught me any thing , it s stand for what you believe in . i ve been on the battlefield before and i was starting to see things greens way . i was starting to realize , deep down i guess i wanted this war to end to , without bloodshed .  we have a lot of catching up to do .  green said all of a sudden . i look at him confused . he just stared back at me .  i meet this girl .  newline newline i laugh .  oh grate , who was she .  the rest of the night was just like that , we were having a casual conversation , something i wanted for a long time . after an hour or so he gave me a peace treaty , written in our long forgotten language , with his signature on the bottom . he gave me a pen .  please , end this .  he said . i took the pen and wrote my own signature next to his . that was it . it was over . the next month after that was a bit of a blur . i m pretty sure it involved a lot of celebrating . of course , green does nt remember that night like i did . when i saw him again he said the last thing he remembers was leaving the bar to go home , but obviously that did nt happen .i stood in front of it . no words arose from its mouth , it only perched atop its great throne , and yet i could understand everything . i nodded in agreement , and it pointed with its tail toward a large wooden door . confidently , i approached the door , and it slowly opened  moving me ever so closer to my fate . i walked into white room  with a bright light emanating from its center . as i walked closer to the source , i began to see a man standing with his arms open . what seemed like ages was simply a few seconds of me approaching this man , but i slowly began to make out his identity . i had clearly understood my punishment , but i was baffled to encounter my mirror image . nothing had changed . we bore the same clothes , the same hair , and the same physique . i had no idea what the difference was supposed to be , but he extended his arms out and grabbed a hold of my hands . then suddenly , it was all clear . i saw it all flash by . the warmth , the passion , and the kindness . it all flashed through my mind . all the laughter , all the joy , and all the contempt faces around . years traversed in mere seconds , and i watched it all . the entire glorious life time of this man . but in the end , there was but a mere simple memory . one in which my mother beamed at me and my father smiled from ear to ear . and each one of the whispered into my ear ,  i love you son , i couldnt imagine you any other way  . suddenly , it was all gone , and the man as well . i was alone , in a dark room , as light shone no more . i was left to cry in my solitude , and the tears never stopped . that last image remained engrained in my head for all eternity , for it was the one and only difference between me and the man .many of them went into hiding . most , actually . some became famous . some did amazing things . got us to mars and back . and thank god there was a gaming convention with the designers of the titan graphics card . seriously , the t2 was fucking awesome . it actually broke moore s law . newline newline but thing was , most went into hiding . and it was easy . it happened in dallas , so mexico suddenly got a few extra million people tucked away . haiti too . hell , even the french foreign legion got a few extra members . newline newline but even with that , you have a few million missing . newline newline i was one of them . i was smart before . a computer nerd . i mainly looked for exploits in mmos , trying to get more gold . five months later , i m sitting in kansas , selling three maxed out wow accounts for way more than they are worth . but i always keep my dad s old shotgun pointed at the door . i have nt left the place in three months . i have enough mre s for another few years at least . newline newline outside is scary . the virtual world is neat , predictable , if a bit mean at times . but outside , you can be shot , run over , explode , catch aids etc . outside is just too scary . so i stay inside . 4 feet of concrete , only way in or out is a 3 foot thick steel door , with a positive pressure keeping any bacteria out . i eat mres because you ca nt get sick eating them . newline newline outside will kill you . all it takes is one mistake . newline newline this is blame , iq of 501 , signing out , and logging back in .journal entry 2,920 newline newline i have nt seen the sun since the last time we breached the surface for air . that was when we left the port of what used to be north america when i was 7 . i remember how it felt , how it warmed my skin and how it felt brighter than any lamp or fluorescent light on board with us . i miss the sun . it s not very exciting just being a maintenance man , even if its on one of the largest civilian submarines in the world . other workers have been talking a lot more recently . we have nt been communicating with our sister ships for gossip lately , so i only know what i ve heard . there s rumours that we re actually headed somewhere , so that means this was nt just a sick joke based off of some old bible tale of noah and the whale . newline newline to be honest i think that would make this a bit more exciting . newline newline  newline newline journal entry 2,925 newline newline the rumours were right , we are definitely headed towards a destination . i have nt seen our engineers work harder these last few days than they have in years . the nuclear core is seemingly holding together , but the other civilians are getting nervous . i saw my neighbor start stocking up on their canned goods like the sub is a military base or something . newline newline everyone on board is getting anxious that our years underwater has made our technicians minds dull and we ll all explode or something ... which reminds me that i ought to get some rest . newline newline  newline newline journal entry 2,930 newline newline newline has it really only been five days ? there s no civilians left on the submarine anymore . or at least not enough to count . most of them left on our emergency subs headed towards the surface . after the captain made his announcement i do nt blame them . newline newline attention everyone on board the nina , this is your captain speaking . we are heading down into one of the deepest trenches in the world . the mariana trench . our situation is dire . the core of our submarine is destabilizing and we believe that the element to correct it should be found in the depths below . without our core at optimal levels our facilities will fail it will start by electrical failure , then disabled water filtration , and finally disrupt our greenhouse sector . as your loyal admirals we decided to leave your safety up to you . we know where we belong , and that s the sea . we will leave all the escape pod bays open access for the next 24 hours . if you are still here by 1200 hours tomorrow , there s no turning back . the pressure in the trench will put a strain on all our faculties and the escape pods will crumple like tissue paper as soon as we enter the trench . you have 24 hours to make up your minds .  newline newline newline unlike everyone else aboard this overglorified underwater booze cruise , i saw the surface before we left . there s nothing to escape to . this is all that s left of civilization and i m proud to go down with the ship . newline newline  newline newline journal entry 2,945 newline newline today the nuclear core shut down . there s no light anywhere , and the men are panicking . we have enough emergency power for another week at best if we control ourselves . we lost communications with our sister ships . we ca nt even see them anymore . at this point we are just falling downward with no control . newline newline  newline newline newline journal entry 2,950 newline newline our water filtration system broke today . the crew is starting to fight over water privileges . i have too . i m not proud of it . newline newline  newline journal entry 2,953 newline newline we found some of the other sister ships , they were destroyed from the pressure . what kind of underwater pressure leaves gashes in the side of the sub like that ? there s no water left as of today . no one is working . the subs internal heating shut down yesterday . now we are praying to just survive . newline newline  newline newline journal entry 2,954 newline newline  corrupted data , partial data recovery  newline newline reinforcing the escape pods with spare metal from around the ship . we all agreed that we would rather try to escape and die than wait for whatever is out there to get us first . newline newline ... newline newline we ve found shelter .he was staring at me , and i knew those eyes  i knew that face . the eyes of my best friend , my partner and my companion through life . he had disappeared three weeks ago at the beginning of the infection spreading . i had never thought he  d be alive , though in all reality i knew he wasn  t . they were mindless beings , drawn to the places they knew in life , but dead by any other meaningful feature . newline i rolled my chair through to the kitchen and brought out my pistol . he was slow enough that i wouldn  t have to kill him yet . i stared at the table , the slow groans resonating as he stepped forward and followed me to where i sat . he stared at me and he pulled out the chair opposite , before seating himself as he might at the end of an exasperated day . newline his arm reached out towards mine , and i flinched away , tightening my grip on the gun . newline  you don  t need to be afraid.  he said . newline i stared at him . i  d only seen rumours of them speaking . echoes of their former selves . his hand slowly brushed against mine , and i made eye contact with him . their skin didn  t rot , their bodies didn  t decay , they moved and breathed and they talked . newline  i thought you were dead.  i whispered . newline  not when i still have you to look after.  newline  i don  t need looking after.  i rolled my eyes ,  i  m a full grown human , you know ?  newline he laughed .  i  ve missed you while i wandered the past few days.  newline  are you here for me to kill you ?  newline  i  m here to tell you i love you.  newline  then  i gestured at the pistol . newline  only if i get hungry.  he stood up and walked to the kettle . i tightened my grip on the gun . newline i glanced at his legs , there were deep bite marks on his jeans  blood had seeped through and now clung dry to the fabric . it explained his slow walking at least . i watched him as he made my tea as i liked it . he made the jokes he always did , he spoke as he always would . his hands felt warm to my touch . newline  i must go.  he finally said . newline  you will kill people.  i told him . newline  i will eat other people like me.  he said .  i  ve seen the news . we are not considered people.  newline i grabbed his hand before he left , pulled him down to kiss me . i reached for the pistol and pulled it to his head . he pulled away slightly . newline  i love you.  he whispered , i could see a tear forming in his eye . newline my heart felt heavy as my hand lay on the trigger . my memories of life with him flashed before my eyes . i knew it was wrong , but i let him go . i didn  t see him again for another month . part of me had hoped that he  d been killed , another part had hoped that those he killed had been those who wouldn  t be missed , and deep down there was a part of me that wished beyond my wildest dreams that he had done whatever it had taken to come back to me . at the time i never felt like that made me a bad person , but then i didn  t know what i did now . here you go , syed . just take a seat here .  newline newline he sat .  where ... where is my mmouse ?  newline newline the aid smiled at him .  i ll go get it for you .  newline newline syed took a moment to look around him . he and his team were sitting at one group of desks , adorned with deprecated alien area51 desktop computers , and the other team sat at some desks opposite . he grinned , and cracked his knuckles  then winced a bit from arthritic pain . two of his fingers had been amputated , but he was confident he could still win a few games of dota 15 against these oldies . newline newline an old man bumped into his chair with a walker .  oh , sorry . ca nt quite see where i m going , ho ho ho !  newline newline syed sighed .  right to your right , rasmus .  newline newline  thanks , sonny boy .  the man slowly maneuvered into the chair beside syed .  which way is the screen ?  newline newline  thirty degrees to your right . and the mouse is on the far right of it .  newline newline rasmus felt around for a moment , his hands shaking , and then finding purchase on the mouse .  perfect , my boy . we ll beat them yet !  newline newline another man sat down on the other side of syed .  what are we doing , again ?  newline newline  we re playing dota 15 , david .  newline newline david smiled .  oh , right , right , how could i forget !  newline newline syed turned back to rasmus , who was attempting to enable vision aid on the computer . a tremor went right through his hand before he clicked the button , and he missed , setting his language to croatian for the ninth time . newline newline  excuse me , what s your name again ?  newline newline  i m syed , david .  newline newline david smiled , leaning closer .  of course , of course , john . now , if you ll excuse me , what are we doing here again ?  newline newline on his other side , rasmus accidentally changed his language to russian .  cyka blyat !  newline newline   newline i hope this is nt too jokey :  the note read ,  do what you must.  newline newline phillip picked up the woodcutter  s ax and admired its craftsmanship . the blade was so sharp that it could practically cut through anything . phillip questioned the note  s command for a brief moment but quickly wielded the ax with resolution . he knew what he had to do . newline newline before he stepped out of his house , he peered out of his window and saw what could only be described as a bloody freeforall . everyone in town brandished an ax of identical quality to phillip  s . the once peaceful town of pinegreen was a battlefield of axwielding murderers . everyone from sweetest , old ladies to the burly miners were hacking away at each other . mindless violence was rampant , and phillip knew that he had to partake . with another moment of hesitation , he remembered the note .  do what you must.  he saw his town ruin itself for too long . chuck cheating in the weekly bingo games by bribing the caller , the teens getting addicted to sniffing motor oil , and , the worst of the offenders , the girl scouts pricegouging . no longer would phillip pay six dollars for a box of thin mints . newline newline he marched into town with a mission . newline newline let  s get rid of that cheater , chuck , first .  newline newline just as chuck ripped his ax out of a police officer  s back , phillip swung and chopped chuck  s head cleanly off . newline newline  bingo !  phillip yelled with glee . newline newline his bloodlust began , and the town had a new menace on the streets . among the chaos and confusion , phillip took down every person he saw with abandon . heads rolled , and skulls cracked . phillip had no reservations . he resented or hated everyone who lived in that town , and , evidently , everyone hated everyone else too . wives hacked at husbands , and brothers massacred sisters . soon , however , the destruction suddenly stopped . phillip was the only one left . he collected his thoughts and reflected on his actions . now , he was filled with regret and guilt . he dropped to his knees . the adrenaline finally left his system , but it was replaced by shame . tears began to flow down his sweat covered face and down his scruffy beard . newline newline suddenly , phillip heard the sound of machines and vehicles approaching town . a sliver of hope and a wave of anxiety rose inside him . he stood his ground and watched the tall pine trees that spanned for miles fall before him . a path was cleared for a black suv to emerge . a bald man in a suit exited the vehicle with two bodyguards . newline newline  what are you doing here ?  phillip said as he raised his ax . newline newline  are you fucking serious ?  the bald man replied . newline newline phillip was taken aback by how desensitized the stranger was to the bloody mess of the town . newline newline  i left you all an ax and you murder each other ?  the bald man said .  you were supposed to cut down the trees and make a path to the highway ! corporate isn  t gon na like this.  newline newline  what ? you left the note that said  do what you must ?   asked phillip . newline newline  yes , of course that was me .  do what you must  as in cut the trees down . did none of you watch the broadcast that told you to do that ?  the man said . newline newline  um , well , no . there  s only one television in town and it  s been broken for two weeks ,  replied phillip . newline newline  goddammit.  newlinemy limbs felt as if they were being forcefully pulled away from my body . i was spinning up , left , down , and around in every direction . i kept my eyelids shut out of fear that if i opened them , my eyeballs would be ripped out of their sockets . the pain abruptly stopped and for a split second i felt nothing before landing hard on my back . newline newline a cool breeze washed over me and the warmth of the sun radiated on my face . i heard the sirens of an ambulance wailing somewhere nearby . i opened my eyes to see where i was but my vision was obscured by the bright sunlight . newline newline i sat up . as my vision adjusted i was able to make out a sign above me that read murphtown city hospital . the hospital building was at least 15 or 20 stories tall , the outside bricks were painted a light shade of red and the entire front of the building was covered with windows . the architecture of this time is very different from what i was used to back home . newline newline as i stood up a small torn paper fell out of my jacket pocket . i picked it up and found the words  jeremy walter  written on it . that was all they could tell me before they sent me whirling through space and time . find  jeremy walter  . newline newline when i walked into the hospital i spotted a young lady sitting behind a receptionist desk . as i made my way over i tried to think of how i could explain ... everything . i decided i would just tell her the truth . she had to believe me . she just had to . the survival of the entire human race was at stake . newline newline the lady at the desk looked up and said  hello , my name is rachel ! welcome to murphtown city hospital ! how may i assist you ?  as i reached the desk . newline newline well here goes .  hey . yeah . so um . i am not really sure how to put this so i am just going to lay it down straight.  i gained more confidence as i spoke .  i am from the future . a future where humanity is on the brink of total annihilation . the event that will lead to inevitable extinction of humanity occurred on this day and   newline newline rachel cut me off .  sir , i don  t know what game you are trying to play here but this is a hospital . if you can  t behave accordingly i am going to have to ask you to leave . now if you could please move aside so i can help the next person in the line.  newline newline i turned around to see 2 other people waiting behind me . dammit ! she doesn  t believe me .  please , just listen to me ! i am not playing any games this is serious !  newline newline rachel stood up ,  sir i am going to have to call security if you refuse to step aside.  she said frowning . newline newline  alright , alright . i don  t care if you believe my story or not but could you just tell me who jeremy walter is ?  newline newline rachel sighed , ignoring my question she picked up her phone and dialed a few numbers .  yes , i need security to come down to the main desk . mhm . yes . i have a disruptive man here that is refusing to leave.  newline newline i tried to talk over her  no you don  t understand ! please just tell me , jeremy walter , do you know who he is ? !  newline newline rachel put down the phone and said  sir , please just wait here . security will be here soon to escort you out . thank you.  newline newline before i could think of what else to say two uniformed men walked up behind me and grabbed both of my arms . i flailed my legs around frantically trying to stop the men from dragging me out of the hospital .  no stop ! please ! you have to believe me !  i kicked and screamed but they would nt stop . newline newline as we got closer to the exit i turned my head to see a new born child in a small bassinet bin , on a cart , being pushed into the hospital . written on the bin was the name  jeremy walter  in large black letters . newline newline  there ! over there ! thats him ! let go of me !  a sudden pulse of strength erupted from my muscles and i managed to knock over the two security officers that were dragging me . all three of us fell to the ground . i got back up as quickly as i could and bolted toward the baby . newline newline instinct drove me , without thinking i slammed my body hard into the nurse that was pushing the cart . i grabbed hold of the babies cart , pushing it with me as i ran down a hallway and out of sight . i could hear the commotion of the people behind me and the security guards running in after me . newline newline i turned left as the hallway turned into a tintersection and continued running . another left . then a right . then ... a dead end ! no , wait ? there ! a flight of stairs on the right ! there was no way i would be able to push the cart up the stairs so i quickly , but carefully , picked up the child in my arms and started running up the stairs two at a time . newline newline down in the distance i could hear the guards yell  he ran up the stairs !  . what was i doing ? this is a child in my arms that was no more than a few days old . this could nt be a coincidence though . i was sent to this exact time , and landed in this exact place . this had to be him . this must be what i was sent here to do . newline newline i was met at the top of the staircase with a closed metal door . i peaked over the edge of the stairwell to see four security guards running up , guns in hand . i opened the door and ran out to find myself on the roof of the hospital . this was it . there s no where else to go . i ran over to the edge of the roof and tried to look for a way down . newline newline i heard a voice call out behind me .  put that child down now !  i turned around to see four guns pointing at me ready to blow my brains out . i took a step back toward the edge .  do nt you dare take another step .  newline newline tears were flowing down my face . i needed them to understand .  do nt shoot ! please ! ca nt you see i am trying to help you . i am trying to save all of you ! this child . jeremy walter . he s the beginning of the end . but it does nt have to be that way !  the officers looked very confused , and then regained their composure . one of them fired a warning shot in the air .  i m trying to save you !  i scream desperately . newline newline one of the officers put his gun back in its holster and stepped forward .  sir . you are not thinking straight .  he inched closer and closer as he spoke .  look down in your arms . its just a child . an innocent child . we can help you , if you will just hand me the child .  newline newline more tears welled down my face , a lump filled my throat .  i m sorry .  i threw the child over the edge of the roof and immediately felt the impact of multiple bullets hitting my chest . i fell to my knees , smiling , knowing i had just saved the entire human race . newline newline newlinefrom the moment i gained omnipotence , i knew what i wanted  a challenge . sure , other gods had tried and failed to lead the inhabitants of earth on a more utopian path , but most had either simply given up or been corrupted by the humans lustful and greedy nature . newline newline the cool kids  of godhood had lost their powers after first screwing up greece , then changing their names and doing the same to rome with their acquired debauchery . others had saved the pretty little planet from aliens over india , only to lose their powers after succumbing to human temptations as well . newline newline in the middle east , jehovah had resisted the human charms by rarely interacting with them , but this remote approach left too much to the human imagination . this of course led to at least three different interpretations of his intent , and even after he visited them personally and told them exactly how they should treat each other , some still would nt give up their old beliefs . after his third visit was totally misconstrued , he gave up and retired to the edge of the universe . the last anyone heard from him , he was trying to make galaxies that looked like earth animals just to freak them out . newline newline many had tried , both alone and in groups , to get the humans to pull their heads out of their asses and see what they could accomplish when they worked together . all had failed . newline newline i knew the dangers . their worship was intoxicating and their forms so beautiful , it would be difficult not to fall into the same traps as the others , but i have a plan . it s been a few centuries since any of the gods would risk it , and now a human on one side of the planet could easily communicate with another on the other side almost instantly . i would use this to my advantage . newline newline instead of doing helpful things to attain their worship , i will do terrible things and make them hate me . i will set forth rules for them to follow and if they disobey , it wo nt be some vague threat of eternal damnation that punishes them , i will literally set them on fire at the very moment of their transgression . i will deliver these rules personally , in the middle of one of their large sporting events , perhaps the super bowl  or the world cup  , and then incinerate anyone on the planet who doubts me in that instant . that should get their attention . newline newline i will either lead humanity to reach its full potential , or i ll destroy them all in the attempt . either way , i ll be the last god they ll need . i should really consolidate this thing , or at least label my rings .  newline newline  how is it that this ll be the fifth time you ve freed me , and you still have to fidget through all your keys ? i mean , cmon , you re the keymaster .  newline newline  do nt judge me , harry . having this many keys is hard work .  newline newline  oh , i feel so sorry for you . and do nt call me harry . if anyone here overheard you , they   newline newline  they d what , peeker ? speak to you in that imperious tone your mother used to use when you were in trouble ?  newline newline  well ... yeah . you know how terrifying my mother is .  newline newline  yeah , i ll never forget when i first met her . she sure had ideas of how i could manage my keys better .  newline newline  ... i m not gon na respond to that .  newline newline  why not ?  newline newline  because you know that all i m going to do is agree with her . you have way too many key rings , and the keys are nt even organized . you know where your siberian keys are ? right next to your keys for corcoran . those two places have nothing in common , except for their having housed psychopaths once before .  newline newline  those two happen to be very near and dear to my heart .  newline newline  of course they are . roger .  newline newline  how dare you ? the nerve . i ca nt belie   newline newline  do nt call me harry and i wo nt call you roger .  newline newline  ...  newline newline  well ?  newline newline  fine .  newline newline  good . glad we could come to an agreement .  newline newline  now are you gon na get me outta here , or what ?  newline newline  you know that i m here for a reason , peek . now just be patient , wouldya ?  newline newline  yeah , yeah . just think of all the voyeurism i m missing out on . there are people to be peeked at !  newline newline  have you ever stopped to consider that your reputation as a supervillain is really just based on the invasion of privacy ?  newline newline  so ? i m like the cia , but only for nudism .  newline newline  yeah , i m not sure which of you is worse .  newline newline  what s interesting though , is that only my behavior makes me a criminal .  newline newline  up until now it does . when they indict the agency for its violation of privacy and cart them off to prison , guess who ll be called to come save the day ?  newline newline  you will , key . they always call you . whenever they say good behavior ,  i know it s really you .  newline newline  aaaand ... there we go .  newline newline  finally ! i ca nt wait to   newline newline  stop ! do nt even set foot outside that cell . you re under arrest , scumbag .  newline newline  cindy , so good to see you again .  newline newline  yes , just absolutely charmed , harry .  newline newline  harry ? i mean , peek ? how do you know her ?  newline newline  oh , this is cindy . she works with the cia . she s probably had this place bugged for awhile , expecting you to show up . but it s okay , she changed clothes with the windows wide open this morning . i m not too happy with how this turned out , but i spent time on it , so you re having it ... newline newline it has often been said that if proof of extraterrestrial life were to land on our doorstep , mass panic would ensue . imagine , then , the problems that would arise if beforehand it was well known that the alien life forms were hostile and regarded us as nothing more than food . when we sent signals out into space it was in the hope that we were not alone . newline human kind had looked out at the stars for tens of thousands of years and wondered what they meant . once it was known exactly what those thin points of light in the night sky actually were , that each one could hold other planets capable of life , people began to imagine that maybe , actually , we weren  t alone . it was theorised that any life form that became significantly advanced would have nothing but peace on its mind . newline the resources needed to travel the stars , and indeed the cooperation needed just to become a civilisation in the first place , should mean that species unable to cooperate peacefully would not be able to advance beyond simple tools . newline newline which was why it was particularly distressing when we received the first , and only , extraterrestrial response to our innocent probing . the transmission was received in two parts . the first was an unintelligible radio signal , being as it was in their own language , and experts puzzled over it for months before an object appeared in the sky . it was brightly lit and orbited the earth for three days , apparently openly sending signals back to the same point of space as the radio transmission had originated . eventually it entered the atmosphere and crash landed in the middle of london . it stood motionless for some time in a pit of its own creation , and then it released a blast from an unknown weapon type . it destroyed every structure within a five mile radius . the type of blast was completely unknown . what we do know is that while it destroyed every building , it didn  t directly kill a single living thing . people were , of course , killed by collapsing buildings and flying debris , but before it had fired its unique weapon a crowd of maybe twohundred people had gathered around it . not one of those people died from the blast . newline then it began to transmit to us . it said , in the crudest translation , that technology was forbidden , that cities were forbidden and that resistance was forbidden . it told us , in a harsh approximation of a human voice , that when the first lander came in six months , this was where it would land . it went on for some time . it told us that we would be food and slaves . it didn  t say this just to the british , of course , it told the whole world . it transmitted in each region  s language , and it told us to surrender . newline newline surrendering , of course , wasn  t what was on most people  s minds . the first thing most nations did , rather embarrassingly , was to recall any and all troops on foreign soil . countries all over the world were pretty short on offerings to deal with the probe , preferring instead to prepare for the coming of the promised landers . newline bizarrely , life carried on almost like normal , at first . rationing started up pretty quickly , and the government took ownership of all food stores around the country . army personnel were despatched to protect these places with orders to shoot to kill . martial law came into effect , and people went to work like they had before . the general consensus was that everything would be okay . newline newline the military started a major recruitment campaign , and indeed did very well out of it . a few times they attempted to destroy the probe with no success . it would occasionally openly transmit data about troop placements , and it would receive information back in the same garbled tongue that was their language . it appeared to know all , yet did nothing to stop any of it . once it transmitted that huge numbers of tanks had been drawing closer to it , and that an airstrike was scheduled for later that day . newline the fact that it knew this information and didn  t bother encrypting its transmissions , or indeed bother to respond to the various military attacks , unnerved a lot of people . as time of the first lander drew closer , people began to get worried . they started stockpiling food and fuel . there was a mass exodus to the countryside , as it was generally believed that cities would be attacked first . the government had started to rank people by importance to society . some were even taken to secret facilities for safety . the police could no longer handle the amount of disruption as people were spread out across the countryside , and the military were called in to police the insufficiently covered areas . newline newline crime rose sharply as people encroached onto other  s lands , and weapon laws were relaxed to allow the general population to own handguns . it was believed that when the aliens attacked , people should be allowed to fend for themselves . what actually started to happen was the formation of gangs . at first to steal extra supplies , and then to stop the theft of supplies . by the time the first lander appeared in the sky , the government had lost control of vast areas of the country . the military was not welcome in those zones , nor did they wish to risk entering . when they attacked our fragmented society , our resistance lasted three days . newlinewhen we first heard the les1 transmitting a signal long after it was expected to be well and gone , no one thought of it as more than a good story to take home . i mean , what else would it be ? it was fitted with a series of solar panels to keep it powered and since it certainly would nt be receiving any upkeep , we built it to last . you see , that s one thing we re damn good at , making things last . and the only reason the les1 ceased transmission was because a fault in it s launch put it in an imperfect orbit , so honestly , had we know a bit more about which way it went , we could have told you that it could come back . that s not what surprised us . no , not the ... it was nt the return , it s what came with it that surprised us . again , when we got those signals , there were laughs and high fives and it was all just a good time , but then one of our guys , a radio astronomer , decided to look into the signals . newline newline i remember when he came into my office . he had a look on his face , the kind you get when you know you have to spill the beans on something but you re scared of what ll happen to you if you do . he came to me , sat in the chair across from my desk and stared at the floor in front of him . let me tell you , that lunatic sat in cold silence for a solid ten minutes , breathing real slow while i typed away at my computer waiting for him to gather his nerve against whatever had him so on edge . i knew his dad from back in high school and the kid was bright but always a bit of a nut , so i just let him be while i answered some emails , figured it was nt any big deal to me . but after a bit , i broke the ice for him . i said something like  i ve been hearing some funny things about that les1 .  he seemed to tense up a bit but i kept pushing .  a couple guys down in astronautical ran the numbers on the thing s movement based on the paths of all other bodies it would have come across . apparently , they are nt able to track it back to even approximately were we lost it .  at this , he was visibly sweating .  they said that when you try and trace back the steps , somewhere along the way the path just ... ends . like , you get to a point where it would have to have been almost launched from this exact spot to end up where it is . imagine that . the thing disappears on us and nearly 50 years later it just shows up literally out of nowhere .  i think that broke him . he let out a deep breath and there was fear in his voice . through quivering , icy breath he finally spoke to me .  it s breathing .  it s hard to imagine the face i gave him . i must have looked like i that we had two heads , but this whole thing was had honestly been kind of eerie , and that did nt help . then he managed to say it again .  sir , it s breathing .  i turned from my computer and said to him  what in the hell are you talking about ?   the waves  he said  they are nt acting the way they should .  he took a second to calm himself down .  the les1 was the first of a series of experimental communications satellites  he said faster than he probably realized , even stuttering here and there ,  and even back then , the only signals they transmitted were static , radio nonsense simply intended to see if we could still here them as we tested various communication methods . but these ... this thing the les1 is transmitting ... it s not irregular . it has patterns , regular , iterative fluctuations . at first i thought it was just interference from the sun , but then i tried to send something to it . i spoke to it .  he looked away from a second , waiting for his words .  and it spoke back .  at this point i did nt care to hear him , i wanted to see . newline newline i had him lead me down to his workplace and show me what he was talking about . he had me put on a pair of headphones and then , damn ... the sounds he played ... tell me , have you ever been trapped somewhere ? like , stuck under an upturned car , or under the rubble of a collapsed building ? the panic , the feeling perfect helplessness , your eyes feel like the size of baseballs as you frantically search for solutions , and your chest feels like it s caved into your lungs . and then there s your breath . all you want to do is breath heavier and heavier as if the last thing you have left to fight for is your consciousness . i wished i could have dismissed what i was hearing as broken tech or something , and for weeks after i prayed for something to make me forget what was happening . but all i heard was that breath , there was just no mistaking it . before i could dismiss myself for what i would claim to be more important things , he showed me true horror . he adjusted his equipment , real oldlooking stuff , probably the only stuff suited to communicate with the les1 . he told me to keep the headphones and typed something on his keyboard . he punched in some commands , turned some knobs , and then waited . he closed his eyes , as if trying to reject what happened next . i looked at the waves on the other screen , and it was like he said . the waves responded . for a moment , they broke from their pattern and took on a new manner . with stones in my stomach i listened to the les1 speak to me , regular spikes and falls in the sound as if something really was speaking . it sounded what you would hear if someone called you from across the country on a tincan phone line but the pattern resembled speech almost exactly . newline newline a few days passed , and as the les1 drew closer , the radio astronomer continued to research it , putting his conversation with it aside for a bit , probably for his sanity more than anything else . but as expected , it did nt take long for word to leak out and for someone to demand to hear what we were talking about . the poor guy was so hesitant , he knew somewhere deep down what a terrible idea it was , but he was eventually coerced . he put the sound over his speaker , and started typing . he seemed to be shaking , having a hard time hitting all the right keys . again he clicked his last few buttons , turned his knobs and then waited . he all stood silence for a second , all except the les1 s raising and falling radio waves . then , it responded , but not like before . it was so clear .  ffssshhhfssshsaauussdhspp  over and over , the les1 seemed to be yelling  fffffsssssssaauauuaaaahhh  the air felt as cold as hell is hot , and there was not a single easy heart in the room . but they were nt satisfied , and demanded he do it again . the guy had nt spoken to the les1 since that one time with me , so when they asked him to clear it up , he was terrified by the fact that he actually could . again they yelled for him to clear it up . his hands shook like maple leaves while he turned his knobs and flipped his switches . then he sent his message again , and again the les1 spoke  staaaauu ! ! teeeeyykkaaahhhheerrruuuu ! !  he readjusted his dials and tightened things even further until is was as clear as book . we stood there , in stunned horror , when we finally heard the les1 s plea .  stop ! they can hear you !  over and over it begged us ... they can hear you , stop , they can hear you . newline newline after that , we went to our homes and spent the next few weeks acting like nothing happened while the higherups worried about it . we ate with our families , we played with our dogs , we just went on with life as best as we could . we tried our best to forget all about the les1 , and to this day no one really knows that story . but ultimately , as you can plainly see , whatever the big shots talked about did nt work out well for us . so here we are , living off the grub of rats , hiding under a lowhanging bridge and running from intergalactic conquistadors and automated purgers . all because one day someone became curious .arianna , newline newline they say that , out here , it ain  t the bullets what kill you , it  s regret . i guess that  s why i ain  t scared of death . these other boys , so pale and nervous , they ain  t never left home before . never got to tell they loved ones how they felt . well , i got no regrets . i knew it , as soon as the archduke bit it in sarajevo , that i  d be out here . and i knew that i had to tell you how i felt . newline newline  the feeling isn  t mutual.  newline newline them words cut deep , darling . barbed wire tears , bayonets stab , but them words cut me deeper than anythin  that the warmongers could  ve ever cooked up . yet , i don  t regret what i did . we entered into that conversation as kids , and we left as adults . separate adults , but adults nonetheless . newline newline i  m ready to die . the lover in me died that day , ain  t nothin  left but a soldier . damn , i  m not even a soldier . a soldier is a gentleman , a knight , defending freedom and life , and he has a girl to come back to . me ? i  m just a trigger finger , cowering in my trench . newline newline yet i have no regrets . the lover would have consumed me , made me die in a burst of passion . there  s more to life than passion , and that  s what was snuffed out by you on that fateful da newline newline our trench has been captured . i got shot in the gut . bet you  re glad that feelin  ain  t mutual , huh ? newline newline a fairfaced boy is sitting across from me , propping me upright and tipping water into my mouth , though the amount of blood i  m spewin  ruins the taste . thankfully , he knows english pretty well , and i think i  ll let him write . newline newline regret is the enemy of life . and i will not regret what i said . that is why i have life . i will always be alive , through memory of myself . i said earlier that my passion was ended by you . but , like life , there is more to love than passion . love is what endures after the passion burns out . love is what remains when the ashes are carried off by the wind . i will love you as long as i live , arianna . and now , in this godless place , where one can not tell man from mud , i am love . newline newline signed , newline newline pfc jonathan bates , 167th inf , 42nd inf division newline newline and newline newline ernst von kapp , sanittermy name is william , and i am the first of my kind . newline newline the expanded consciousness initiative began as a military technology a little more than 90 years ago and was kept secret from the public for good reason for the first 20 years after its creation . basically it s an injection that the government gave to certain special operations members that unlocked in them the ability to project their consciousness into animals , but only ones fitting of their personality and character . their spirit animal so to speak . it was a massive success with the military . suddenly , reconnaissance and infiltration missions that would normally be impossible , could be achieved by birds and squirrels . espionage became the most crucial military tactic of the era . newline newline in the year 2037 , everything changed when the technology was leaked to the public . for massive amounts of money , the wealthiest among humanity were able to explore the world through new sets of eyes , and unlock within them the ability to see life in a completely new light . environmental issues were quickly tackled as humanity could now see firsthand what they were doing to the world . new senses and instincts were awoken in humans that allowed their creativity to flourish and the world began to change at an alarming rate . and so began an era of endless possibility . the governments of the world quickly became involved in the development and distribution of the serum , allowing only the brightest and most influential of the world to expand their consciousnesses . newline newline so began the new era of man . people slowly grew in their power , gradually being able to project themselves into their spirit animals over further and further distances and staying within their alternate minds for longer and longer periods of time . the possibilities for the new age seemed endless . in the year 2082 , the war broke out . there were those among society who wanted to eradicate the program . they believed that humans should focus instead on themselves instead of meddling with the world from outside their bodies . opposing them were the people who saw from a new perspective the destruction that humanity had wreaked upon the earth and wished to expand the influence of the program to allow people to fully transfer themselves into their spirit animals , abandoning their natural bodies . it was a long and bloody war , with no clear victor . shortly after , the world council was set up in an effort to regulate the program and bring peace to the recently ravaged world . they made it law for everyone to receive the serum on the day of their 18th birthday , at the expense of the government . but they could only do so much . splinter cells of the old factions have remained until the present day which continuously carry out their agendas through violence and terrorism , slowly destabilizing the system that tried so hard to find common ground . crime now runs rampant across the world as everyone consumed by their thirst for enlightenment battles one another just to progress ever so slightly . that s where i come in . newline newline in the year 2113 on my 18th birthday , i was subjected to the effects of the serum . it was unlike anything i had ever experienced , like liquid fire tearing through my veins and searing away everything i ever though i knew about myself . i awoke in a body that was nt mine , flying high above a place i d never been to . my beautiful white wings were locked outward as i glided above the clouds in a moment of pure bliss . that was when i noticed what the rest of my body looked like , that s when i realized what i had become . my body had become far more muscular than i had ever been , like that of a man that had never missed a workout in his life . the shocking part though is what i was wearing . i was clad in full plate armor , head to toe . it gleamed silver in the sun , yet radiated a light that was from beyond our world . a golden sword was strapped to my left hip , and a similar looking dagger at the small of my back . yet i was not alarmed . in fact , it was the most comfortable i d ever been . slowly i drifted off and felt my energy retracting itself from its new home . newline newline i awoke strapped into the chair i d blacked out in , my mind racing with questions . what the hell had just happened ? i was nt an animal like everyone else , i did nt even believe in angels , or god for that matter yest here i was in a body that was clearly just that . some sort of angel , or something that was too similar for me to deny the possibility of them . suddenly a camera was forced into my face by one of the technicians . she muttered something about needing to be on record claiming my species . a short while later a tall man in a lab coat pulled up a stool in front of me and took his seat . newline newline  state your name and species for the camera .  the man said , in a manner that suggested he had done this far to many times to care any more . newline newline  my name is william .  i responded ,  and i am the first of my kind .  i m here with walter burroughs , who has agreed to give us this exclusive interview talking about how he went from billionaire , celebrity hedge fund manager to convicted felon and then to global philanthropist .  the reporter turned toward me and continued ,  what made you finally decide to talk about your extraordinary fall from grace and your long journey of redemption ?  newline newline i had prepared for so long for this day , yet i hesitated . i collected my senses and began ,  as of today , i ve finally reached my goal . i ve helped put roofs over the heads of one million families who would otherwise have lost their homes . i ve helped put ten million children through college . i ve actually asked you here to announce my retirement .  newline newline  you re retiring ?  newline newline  yes , you see , i actually could nt stop until now .  newline newline  i m sorry , i do nt understand . what do you mean by that ?  newline newline  do you remember the ultimate choice  program from back when i was in prison ?  newline newline  yes . that was the program by which major prison sentences were commuted to the choice between a lethal pill and a nonlethal pill . as i recall , that program was eventually cancelled . you were the only prisoner to actually choose the nonlethal pill and retain his sanity . you ve never spoken about your experiences . is this finally the time ?  newline newline i took a deep breath . i was reminded myself that i was prepared .  yes . you see , when you take the nonlethal pill , you sign a nondisclosure agreement about what it does . that agreement expires when you finish your sentence .  newline newline she nodded . newline newline  now , the reason i did nt go insane was that i was the only one to be able to figure out a way to finish my sentence . when i took the pill , i was immediately overwhelmed with guilt for what i had done . i m not sure exactly how it works , but i suspect it has to do with stimulating a person s sense of empathy . anyway , the others who tried the pill could nt handle the guilt . this is quite understandable , as they were mostly murderers , rapists , and such . how do you live with that type of guilt ? you ca nt make up for taking a person s life . i , on the other hand , had only committed financial crimes . after all , i was the first person to scam over one hundred billion dollars from my victims . newline newline  after i took the pill , i was released from prison . the public was outraged that i got out of prison with no apparent consequences . i had caused countless people to lose their homes . i had caused countless people to go bankrupt .  i fought to keep my voice steady .  i had ruined so many lives . i deserved it .  newline newline i paused to collect myself for a moment .  this nearly destroyed me . the only thing that kept me sane was that i had a plan .  newline newline  i ll try to finish this later i m a pirate . there s some aliens , holy shit ! i wonder if i can rob them ? no , they d fuck me up . blow me out of the water , literally . well i guess i ll keep on sailing . newline aliens be like . wow look at that dude . just because you ve been at sea for a while does nt mean you ca nt have a wash. fuckin  loser . newline man how slow it must seem for them . taking weeks to get a few hundred kilometres and we can go from one point in the universe to the other in a moment . that s what travelling through music is about . when the right melody is played and it synchronises with the universe the consciousness travels through it like light through a window pane , like wind though an open window . but quickly the curtain closes , the window shuts and the search for another melody begins . we are like the pirate , though we travel on a sea of consciousness , not water . we travel and search for the passage . navigators of the infinite knowing . newline to what ends ? to connect , not to plunder . to unite . newline hello ? is anyone there ?  the voice sounded hesitant . like a salesperson who d been rejected countless times . newline newline  yes , who s speaking ?  zachary answered . he was nt expecting a call at this time of day . he was nt expecting a call at all . he never gave out his number , and no one ever called him . newline newline  oh , thank god .  is this the z team ? i found your number on the list , i did nt think it would work . i mean , no one flips to the last page .  newline newline zachary was suprised . he was already suprised that someone had called him , and now someone was asking for the z team ? he made that up with his friends months ago . he did nt expect anyone to actually ask him for help . there were twentyfive other letters to call before anyone would even think of contacting him . but lo and behold , someone had called him . and he needed to respond . newline newline  yes , this is the z team . well , one of them at least . at your service . may i know who s calling ?  zachary answered , semiprofessionally . newline newline  it s headquarters . you should know that . where are the other members of the z team ? we need all of you now .  the voice on the other side was serious , and was nt fooling around . newline newline zachary , on the other hand , was at a loss for words . he had nt seen the other two  members  in a week . zenia was probably working on her college thesis and zann was probably home grinding out his wow character . his sixth one .  they re off doing ... stuff . i ll contact them and bring them in , no worries . what s the situation ? cat stuck in a tree ? missing kid ?  zachary hoped he did nt have to deal with a robbery or kidnapping . he did nt think they were up to actual threats . newline newline  unfortunately , it s much worse . professor virctus has broken out of his maximum security cell and is preparing to unleash his horde of mutated chimeras on the world . please , you and your team are the only ones we could find . you have to stop him .  newline newline  erm , sure thing . we ll get virctus , do nt you worry . do you have any tools ? big guns , cool cars , very protective suits ?  zachary was not up to this . not at all . he did nt even know how to break the news to zenia and zann . newline newline  tools ? you re supposed to have them . you re a professional team , remember ? please stop virctus . you re the city s only hope .  newline newline and the line went dead . zachary wiped the cold sweat off his forehead and took a long sip of his morning coffee . he was pretty certain it would be his last cup .the ball was tonight and cinderella could nt wait . newline newline it was nt because prince charming himself would be there , nor even that he would be choosing his bride that cinderella was excited . yes , she admitted to herself , it is a romantic dream to marry a prince but ultimately just a dream . it would take actual magic for that to happen and we all know there s no such thing as magic . there would be hundreds of suitable matches for him there . newline newline but the chance to leave the house for an evening , to be  my lady  for a night and to rub shoulders with everyone who was anyone . newline newline in her excitement cinderella had worked hard . in addition to her usual list of chores and helping the family s increasingly unsuccessful cobblers  it was nt that custom had dried up but , for some reason , the money had  cinderella had stayed up late making herself a pair of perfect rabbitfur slippers and a gown to match . newline newline she put the last stitches into the dress , and then stepped around it to survey her handiwork . newline newline it was a simple dress , but elegant . it was vivid green with deep blue highlights around the hems and a darker green pattern sewn in . every stitch was perfect thanks to a lot of practise and some trial and error  not that you could see where the errors were made . newline newline there were no jewels for cinderella could not afford them , but the dress was perfect in an understated way . eyecatching and modest , and when cinderella let her hand brush it the fabric rippled perfectly right the way to the floor . newline newline she smiled . finally , the dress was ready . newline newline not a moment too soon . the coach would be arriving any minute . newline newline cinderella put away her sewing kit and picked up her slip from the dresser . she stripped away her rags and threw them carelessly into the corner . she stretched a moment , enjoying the freedom of movement and the air upon her skin . newline newline there was a single knock and then the door flew open . newline newline  catty ! what are you doing here ?  cinderella cried , holding the slip over her naked breasts to preserve her modesty . newline newline catty was the eldest of cinderella s two stepsisters . she was the company s accountant and , it seemed , the only one who could limit the spending and keep them afloat . cinderella did nt really know how it all worked , but she was assured that the company would have gone bust without catty s careful management . newline newline  there you are cinders ,  said catty ,  you ve got to help me do this up i ca nt reach behind me .  newline newline  one moment .  cinderella turned her back and put the slip over her head . it felt cool and strange against her skin . newline newline catty held her long blonde hair up while cinderella laced the back of her dress up . newline newline  how do i look ?  newline newline  you look beautiful , catty .  she did . newline newline  can you help me with mine ?  newline newline cinderella s sister helped her into her dress . newline newline  amazing ,  said catty .  did you make it yourself ?  newline newline cinderella smiled and nodded , modestly . newline newline  it s wonderful  said catty .  you must have worked very hard on it . i bought this one from a shop .  newline newline  it looks expensive  all those jewels . how did you afford it ?  newline newline  i m good with money .  newline newline  yes . you are .  newline newline  and you are stunningly beautiful in that dress cinderella . i m sure you ll have no problem catching the prince s eye .  newline newline cinderella blushed . she thought she was quite plain normally . catty put her hand gently on cinderella s shoulder . newline newline  but tonight , cinderella , i plan to catch the prince s eye . think of how rich i ll be if i marry him , if i have access to his ledgers . i m afraid i ca nt have competition now .  newline newline and with that catty grabbed at the shoulder and ripped the dress from cinderella s body , seam to seam . newline newline  oh , listen , the coach is here . so sad to see you do nt have anything to wear .  newline newline   newline newline  cinderella ? cinderella , there you are . it s me , your godmother . the coach left ten minutes ago . you were nt on it so i came looking for you . look at this dress , it is a mess is nt it . buttons ! there you are , come in here . we need to arrange for cinderella to get to the ball . she s worked so hard for it and she deserves it . she needs a dress , and she needs a coach and horses and drivers . what about a coachman ?  newline newline  i ll be her coachman .  newline newline  yes . good . go sort that out now . i ll get her cleaned up . go on ! newline newline  do nt cry , my dear . you shall go to the ball tonight .  newline newline  newline newline buttons was cinderella s best friend , and she his . inseparable since childhood  and even an ill advised , but utterly harmless relationship in their teens  they d do anything for each other . newline newline buttons had a plan . newline newline  hello , mr. pumpkin . last year cinderella took your wife to the midwife and helped her birth a healthy daughter . you promised her a favour and tonight she needs that favour . can you lend her a coach ? just for the night .  newline newline  newline newline  herr maus , two years ago you promised cinderella a favour after she looked after your sick horse while you fetched the vet .  newline newline  newline newline  mr rattigan , cinderella made you new shoes for your wedding . you said you were in her debt and now she needs a driver for her carriage to the ball .  newline newline  newline newline  sir , i came to you in an hour of need . cinderella made a dress , this dress , but it was maliciously ruined . there is a dress fit for a princess in the window . please , let her borrow it , just for tonight .  newline newline  okay , as a favour . and the dress must be back by midnight . everyone always joked with me that working in the cdc would give me some obscure death virus one day ... i joked along with them , and it was easy . it was always just a harmless little joke that got tossed around here and there with old friends and acquaintances whenever work was mentioned . everything was great , for 23 years i worked at the cdc . i loved my job , still do i guess . working with the unknown killers and breaking through their defenses , finding ways to beat them , that was is , what i love about my job . i worked my way up to head of the research department , but instead of just managing and directing like most of the department heads did , i stayed handson . i would participate in some of the biggest projects that we had , both to further my learning and experience and to help those younger than me with the same passion in their hearts that i had . i was as happy as can be , with a wife and twin boys . my life was bliss , until it happened . there was a problem with one of the new viruses that had been formulated in one of the labs . we were using it to try and further research for a cancer cure . it was acting up , not doing what we had seen it do in the past , so to be safe , we gathered up the samples we had and began to add a mixture of acids to kill the cells . on the last sample , a tiny droplet splashed onto my hand as i poured the acid in . it was a stupid mistake on my part , not wearing gloves to protect myself , and being too hasty with the acid . i ran to a sink , but it was too late . i was infected , and almost immediately my hand started to loose feeling . thank god it had nt happened earlier , and all of the virus had been destroyed , otherwise it could have been much , much worse . i notified the board of directors of what had happened , and put myself in isolation . even now , i wait to die , typing away my last message to the world . i ve written to my family , my friends and my colleagues . i ve made peace , and now i wait for my body to be consumed . me , the flawless employee of the cdc , who spent years perfecting his craft , killed by a simple mistake while killing what will now kill me . ironic , is nt it ?my friend jumped so high his head almost hit the ceiling . newline newline  what was that ! ?  he demanded of me . my parents were away , it was stormy outside , and a deep guttural voice from above us had just asked us a question . newline newline before i could answer he runs to my door and locks it . he  s not a moment too soon , because there is a creaking sound from overhead as the door to the attic opens . it  s decided to come down . newline newline  did you hear that ! ?  he frantically demands , looking around desperately for something to block the door . newline newline  it  s m  i start to say , but he cuts me off . there are footfalls outside my door , and my friend loses it . newline newline  it  s coming !  he shouts , diving behind my bed and covering his head . he  s shaking now , but he can  t help but look at the door as a forceful knocking sound rattles the room . newline newline a hear a squeak from my friend as i get out of bed and move toward the door . newline newline  don  t touch that !  he orders as i reach for the door handle . i ignore him and open the door to be greeted by what appears to be an eight foot tall jet black yeti with fangs . newline newline   dude the wifi is out.   he tells me . newline newline  sorry man , i  ll go power cycle the router and see if that helps . you good up there ? any leaks ?  i ask . newline newline   naw man , it  s all good . i was just in the middle of something you know ?   he says . newline newline  what are you doing !  my friend exclaims , flabbergasted at the interaction that is taking place . newline newline  i tried to tell you it  s no big deal.  i inform my friend .  cause i  m friends with the monster that sleeps over my head. all i know is fire . the stench of sulfur hung in the air . smoke , black and cloying , filled my nostrils with burning pain . the heat was unbearable . sweat streaked down my face , i could feel it in one eye , stinging it , adding to the pain of the smoke . my body ached , my lungs burned . i moved forward . this was an eternity . i must have spent a lifetime , or was it two ? i couldn  t remember who i was . this black , twisted , fiery place was stealing my humanity . i faltered . i fell to one knee , the metal of my armor clanging loudly , only to be muffled and drowned by the constant explosions and geysers of fire . they rocked the earth and shook me again . one hand shot forward to prevent me from falling over completely . the back of my armor was angled weirdly . the smooth black was run through with lines and etchings . if i could only see it better . i wiped at it with the soft leather of my other glove , the plate covering the back of it was revealed form under a layer of soot . shining silver metal glowed in the red magma light , shadowed by the remaining ash . a symbol danced in the glow , a shining sun encompassing a great tree . my memories shifted from under the ash that had settled on them . they rushed back . i remembered the surface world . i remembered rushing water , wind in the trees . great expanses of plains , towering mountains , and old forests . i remembered the smell of the woods , and of green grass . i remembered my order and my oath . i remembered my name . i am irundel , of the circle of ages . i will seek out and destroy evil . i will venture to the darkest chasms of our world and smite down all that opposes good , in the name of the people of erena . newline newline i remember my mission now . i found the darkest chasm . i found the deepest pit and the heart of all evil . my legs found themselves under me . i lifted my head high and squared my shoulders . i drew my blade and stepped forward , past the twisted frames of demons longsince dead . the twisted obsidian , burning red with inner veins of magma , threatened to slash me apart . i stayed on my path . in the distance , a great ring of black blades rose from the horizon . in its center , a ball of orange energy glowed . this was it . i drew my blade and stepped forward . newlinehe slammed the door of the cabin open and waltzed in trailblazing snow . i paused at my beer guzzling to get a good look at the furcoated stranger , the first in a decade . it might have been the horns or the forked tail that gave it away , then again it was probably the red skin . the devil stopped three paces away while a snowflake melted on his dark cheek .  hell just froze over ,  he said . newline newline i choked , spluttered , almost died from the teaspoons worth of beer in my mouth .  ccome again ?  newline newline  my first thought was to burn this cabin down with you in it of course.  the devil snatched a bud from the cooler and bit the cap off .  then i thought , no , i might be a lying thieving shmuck that tortures and maims , but i stay true to my word , that  s the one thing i have over . . . him.  newline newline he looked and talked the way he had ten years ago , back when he  d come to me for a favour . in return for my services , i  d been granted a wish on the condition that hell froze over . never thought i  d get it of course , what with him being the lord of the flames and all . but now he was here , two nights before christmas , with his blood red skin and a fur coat on . newline newline  you want something to eat ?  i asked . newline newline the lord of red drained the beer in one gulp and then slammed the empty bottle on the table top .  your wish , nicholas , get on with it . my imps are dealing with ice in their ass if you hadn  t heard.  newline newline scrap that , he was even worse than before .  right . . .  i said , finishing the last of my beer . the hell was i going to ask the devil for ? newline newline   newline newline  792,001 ,  the devil said . newline newline  792,002. . . . 003. . . 004. . .   he paused at his shoveling to consider something . newline newline  ipachaus , come here.  newline newline an imp as tall as his knee , with pointed ears , and two small wings , trotted over . despite the snow filling every corner of hell , the imp seemed to melt under some unknown heat . the devil ignored it , too busy with his thoughts .  can you believe that nicholas  man ?  newline newline ipachaus shrugged . but then again he always shrugged , the only reason the devil liked imps was because they worked hard and kept their mouths shut  most of the time . newline newline  he wished for a never ending supply of presents . he could have ended poverty or i don  t know , my reign ? he had me worried for a second , the old fool.  newline newline ipachaus shrugged . newline newline  must have been afraid of me , most humans are.  the devil grinned and got back to his shoveling . newline newline it was on the one millionth and triple six stroke that his spade hit something solid . upon clearing the snow , the devil found a silent but very powerful snow machine . only one person had had access to his realm that knew about snow technology and that was nicholas . newline newline  ipachaus !  the devil grumbled . newline newline ipachaus shrugged . newline newline  gather the imps , i need you to attend business for me . the man shall pay !  newline newline if the devil had the means , he would have made the trip himself . however , without a deal struck he couldn  t cross the void . the imps would take care of nicholas for him  he  d make sure of it . newline newline   newline newline i was busy sorting the presents into sections when there was a knock on my cabin door . at first , i  d wondered if it was satan again , but then i remembered that he usually barged in with a face full of snow . newline newline frosted flakes blew into the room as i peeled the door back and peeked through the crack .  hello ?  newline newline there was no one there . until i felt the tug on my trousers . five imps gazed up at me from the doorstep , all knee height , shivering in the cold . i surveyed them with a worried glance , wondering if they came bearing news that the devil had uncovered my plot . but the way they shivered , with their little paws , and shriveled wings , hit a soft spot in my heart . i let them in and shut the door . newline newline they crowded around the hearth with the towels i  d given them . the white cotton was now coloured red , and the imps revealed their green skin . they  d explained that they  d been painting themselves red to avoid satan  s wrath . turns out they were really just elves looking for somewhere to stay and the underworld had somehow been the best option . newline newline  where are you going to go now ?  newline newline the first elf shrugged . he was an oddball . the elf with bright green eyes and long ears spoke up for the group ,  we were hoping you could take care of us , sir . we  ll never go back to satan  s home.  they all shuddered as if possessed by the cold again . newline newline  whatever will you do in my home ?  i asked . there wasn  t enough work for all of us , just a cabin , food , and a whole lot of presents . newline newline  we could help you organise them , so your home is always neat.  newline newline the more i considered it , the more i liked the idea  in fact , i liked it a lot . with an endless supply , we could even give some out to those in need .  you  re going to have to dress up , though , so you do nt scare anyone in the area . and there  ll be no red skin dye around here.  newline newline they all nodded .  promise , sir . what do we call you , sir ?  newline newline well , i was plain old nicholas , but to spite the devil i thought up a funny quip .  saint nicholas will do.  newline newline  santa !  one of the elves said . newline newline i suppose that could work .  saint nicholas or santa , and from now on , you will be my working elves.  newline hon , it s your turn .  i muttered as our daughter s shrill cries filled our room .  my wife did nt respond , so i pushed myself up on one elbow . she was sleeping soundly , oddly enough . normally it did nt matter how sleep deprived she was , she was always the first one awake . newline newline  hush now , little one , shhh . it s alright .  the voice whispered through our room , as our daughter s cries faded . newline newline i first realized that my aluminum baseball bat was already in my hand , then that i was running for the nursery . the flimsy door burst open when i hit it without bothering to stop and actually turn the door newline knob . the woman filled the room with her presence . newline newline she was not a big woman , though tall , she was slender . her dress was long and ornate , like something out of an old painting . a small struggling bundle was under one arm , but i could see my daughter still in her newline crib . something almost unseen , a radiating presence pulsed around her . newline newline  i do nt know who you think you are , lady , but  she turned black eyes on me , and i fell to my knees , all thought gone , pulled into the infinite depths of her eyes . newline newline  you have no place here , mortal .  her voice was the same hushed whisper i had heard from my room .  i do what i must for my own child , as do you . sleep now .  newline newline  wake up , hon , time to start the day .  newline newline the light seemed a long way off , but i struggled toward it . groggy , i managed to throw off my covers and sit up .  wha she was doing  throbbing pain in my head made it difficult to form a coherent thought . newline newline  is something wrong ?  newline newline i looked up at my wife and saw my daughter in her arms .  a dream , maybe .  newline newline  bad one ?  newline newline  i guess .  newline newline she sat on the foot of my bed and offered our daughter to me . i took her and cradled her , looking into her deep blue eyes . she stared unblinking into my own . newline newline  hey , love ,  my wife spoke from her open closet ,  how d your baseball bat end up in the nursery ? so much has happened . newline newline korra is dead , there are reports that the avatar cycle has been broken , team avatar is either dead or in hiding , no one knows for sure . kuvira s army has taken over the entire planet with the exception of a small village near the earth kingdom and all hope is gone . newline newline newline on route to the village , kuvira and her husband , baatar jr. , speak alone . newline newline  after this , we will have united the entire world . kuvira , we ve done it ,  baatar jr. applauds . newline newline  the time for celebration is not upon us yet . we must wait for things to play out before we consider anything .  newline newline baatar jr. places his hand on kuvira s shoulder before walking to the exit of the train ,  wait  she insists .  i want you to know that i love you .  newline newline  i love you too kuvira ,  he smiles as he makes his leave . newline newline  plan for his execution ,  she calls at her guards ,  he s served his purpose .  newline newline  newline newline newline newline  2 minutes until predetermined destination ,  a voice says over an intercom . newline newline  two minuets before the whole world is mine ,  kuvira marvels .  guards !  she shouts ,  fetch me my amour , i feel like taking this shanty town in style .  newline newline  hail the great uniter ,  they say in unison as the three guards metal bend her armor on to her . newline newline  thank you  she stops . newline newline  destination reached .  the intercom plays over . newline newline newline kuvira steps out of the train and walks into the center of the city , where a podium is waiting . the entire town seems to be deserted but she dismisses it as nerves just as several screams can be heard from the distance ,  did you hear that ?  a guard asks . newline newline  get back in the train everyone , i ll handle this .  she demands as she walks towards the commotion . newline newline a deafening laugh echoes off the mountains as her nerves start to get the best of her ,  control yourself kuvira !  she says to herself . the laughing stops immediately and the earth rumbles ,  whose there ?  she questions . newline newline newline the sounds echos louder and louder each time before kuvira calls it out ,  whoever is behind this will be met with severe discipline !  she shouts . newline newline at that very moment a woman bursts through the earth and into the air , floating . she screams of fury and glares at kuvira ,  no ... i ended you ... i killed you a year ago ! what is this ?  she yells . newline newline the woman surges to the ground and gets within inches from kuvira s face as her eyes glow ,  the avatar has returned .  i knew it ! i knew it i knew it i knew it !  newline newline tears were beginning to roll down caitlin s face . newline newline were there tears on john s face ? newline newline nope . newline newline he gave a half assed  oh shit what have i done  smile . newline newline because this could only go downhill from here . newline newline  i knew you would never remarry ! i ca nt believe you waited for me !  newline newline caitlin was squeezing her deceased husband , who was surprised that his body was not being squished by her bear grip . he was nt too interested in them being reunited . newline newline which is understandable to a degree . newline newline john went from being frail and unable to walk down the hall in the morning and now he was back into his 20 year old form . newline newline and that was how old caitlin was in the afterlife as well . newline newline she looked fantastic . newline newline  yeah , i m here . you never should have doubted me  newline newline  oh fuck i should nt have said that  newline newline john thought right after blurting out the comment . newline newline  in sorry ! i m sorry i ever even thought , for one moment , that you would run off with another girl after i was gone !  newline newline the tears were now streaming g down her face . newline newline they were built up after waiting 60 years for this moment . newline newline  john ! is that you ?  newline newline  no no no no no no  newline newline he said to himself inside his head . newline newline someone was walking towards them and was about to make things real awkward . newline newline and you think , because you read the prompt , you know what is about to happen next . newline newline i bet you re assuming his second wife walks up to the rejoicing couple and destroys their moment together . newline newline you probably think there s going to be a threesome joke in there somewhere too . newline newline but , as the author , i have the right to tell you that you are wrong . and also i should tell you that i am not funny enough to make a good threesome joke , so that s getting left out as well . newline newline  john who is this ?  newline newline his wife was still holding on to him with both arms , but she turned her body and head towards the side . in order to see who this mystery person was . newline newline  uh , it s my  newline newline  john ! great to see you ! it been awhile eh ?  newline newline the burly man slapped his hand on john s shoulder and stuck out the other one in an inviting postion for a handshake . newline newline while shaking the man s hand , john looked at his wife and said  newline newline  its my coworker , tommy . we used to work at titco together .  newline newline after hearing the word titco , tommy s smile grew even wider . newline newline  you re damn right we did , best manager duo the company had ever seen i tell ya .  newline newline john was clearly embarrassed , or at least that s what his wife thought . newline newline until she realized the true reason for her husband being uncomfortable around his old coworker . newline newline tommy had a big fucking mouth . newline newline  hey so , where s lisa and the gang ?  newline newline  jesus christ tommy  newline newline  said john under his breath newline newline  john who s lisa ?  newline newline  uh shes  newline newline  hey what about carol and marge ? you think they are gon na be here too ?  newline newline  who s carol and marge ?  newline newline  they uhm they are  newline newline  oh john do nt forget about vicki and stacy ! they were a riot ! remember that one night when we all got trashed together ?  newline newline  what the fuck is wrong with you john !  newline newline she had heard enough . newline newline and with a big push , she freed herself from john s grasp . newline newline and began to walk away . newline newline  they worked at titco with us ! we got trashed at the christmas party but i went home alone ! jesus tommy you made it sound like they were my girlfriends !  newline newline in an instant , caitlin turned back around and hugged her husband once again . newline newline  ohhhh haha ! i thought they were your wives ! john i m sorry i wo nt doubt you again , for real ! i promise .  newline newline and after that , the two felt safe and comfortable with each other . newline newline although , they forgot one thing . newline newline tommy was still standing besides them . newline newline  oh i m sorry john your right , i made it sound like you got with them ! but seriously , where is tina ? is she still alive ? i know your kids are still down on earth but you should at least go find your wife if she s around .  newline newline and after this comment , i do nt really have to describe what happened next . all you need to know is that shit went down . newline newline and that john said newline newline  tommy you fat son of a bitch you really did it this time  newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newlinea video camera starts rolling as the film crew arrives at a remote location . the reporter adjusts her hat to block out the sun , while the rest of the crew follow behind . all around them were men and women in dark , hooded robes . the cameraman captures them as they walk along a narrow , but welltrodden path .  newline newline our intrepid reporter and her crew follow them along the path . they wore a more casual attire consisting of longsleeved shirts and pants , along with a hat . as they walk , the reporter turns to the camera .  newline newline reporter : it has been six hours of nonstop walking , but we have finally arrived . inside the great virgin forest , far away from civilization , lies a village . though the villagers are hospitable and accept visitors , they are highly isolated from the outside world . for thousands of years , the village has kept its traditions , which has stayed secret throughout that time . until now . for the first time in over three thousand years , the villagers of the great virgin village has finally offered us the opportunity to catch a glimpse of one of their annual rituals . newline newline they finally arrive at a clearing , in front of which was a thick cluster of trees . the village leader , clad in robes adorned with runic symbols , stop the crew . he shows the crew a bag containing a set of robes . he spoke to them in his native language which , strangely enough , the crew understood .  newline newline leader : stop . put these on . newline newline the crew does so . even stranger , they never noticed that they understood him .  newline newline leader : we are about to enter the sanctuary of our great mother . i would ask for you to keep quiet . do not say anything . though she has agreed to allow you to witness our ritual , we are still being cautious of your presence . rest assured everything will be explained after the ritual . if you wish to say something to your recorder , say it now , before we enter . newline newline the reporter gives a sign of agreement . the village leader moves to the side of the clearing , waiting for them to finish . the reporter turn to the camera again . this time , she spoke in english .  newline newline reporter : this is so nervewrecking . never before in my entire life have i been this nervous . as you have just seen , this is an entirely new experience for them , to be documented as they proceed with their rituals . when we move to the clearing , we have to be completely silent as we watch them perform . perhaps it s just a precaution , but i feel as if there was something more to his words . newline newline she finished , and the village leader gestured them forward . he spoke again in his native tongue , and again the crew did not notice .  newline newline leader : remember , no talking . newline newline the crew stumble and trip against the tight mass of roots and vines on the ground . of course , the village leader has little problem navigating the maze . after ten minutes of walking through the incredibly thick undergrowth , they arrive at much larger clearing .  newline newline cameraman : motherf   newline newline the reporter put a hand on his mouth . the one in charge of production , in the meantime , had trouble speaking newline newline all of the villagers were standing in a circle encircling a massive tree . the tree was enormous , easily as tall as most skyscrapers . its branches reach out into the sky , almost as if receiving them . but what was most bizarre was the shape of the trunk . it curved itself in such a way that it looked like a woman s body . two of its larger branches connected to it , seemingly like human arms . and at the top of the body was a mass of wood that looked like a woman s face .  newline newline the reporter s mouth was agape , as was the rest of the crew . the village leader tapped her on the shoulder .  newline newline leader : please , sit here . newline newline he indicated on an empty area on the far side of the clearing . the crew stood standing for a full minute , until the village leader had to drag the reporter physically to the spot .  newline newline leader : stay here and keep quiet . newline newline he then went to his spot at the base of the tree .  newline newline he raised his arms into the air , the rest of the villagers following suit . the crew did not , too scared and astonished to do anything but watch .  newline newline villagers  in their language  : great mother , we ask for your guidance ! great mother , we ask for your blessing ! newline newline the leader stepped forward , bowing deeply .  newline newline leader : great mother ! as you have asked , we have brought the outsiders to you ! newline newline the crew froze . fear crawled into them , urging , begging them to run . but one of the villagers went up to them , hands on his side level with his head , signifying that he means no harm .  newline newline villager : worry not , she means you no harm . newline newline almost as soon as he said that , the ground began to move . as one , the crew turned towards the tree . the tree s face was looking at their direction , as was the entire village . it ... no ... she , lowered one of her arms , beckoning them to come closer . newline newline great mother : christine porter , cameron manuel , peter diction , come forward . time is of the essence .  newline newline the villager leader came up to them .  newline newline leader : go , she wants to talk to you . newline newline the several villagers move out of the way as the crew went to the tree , who has now lowered both of her arms . as they came closer , she moved one to where they stood . frear gripped them again and they closed their eyes , faces tense .  newline newline but the tree only touched their faces . her touch was very soft and warm , like the hand of a loved one .  newline newline great mother : my children , how have you been ?  newline newline christine : jjust fine , ggreat mother . newline newline great mother : i am glad . but i fear that we do not have much time . i have called you here to tell you of things to come . terrible things .  newline newline christine : what things ? newline newline the great mother closed her eyes , as if in despair .  newline newline great mother : child , i am dying .  newline newline the crew heard gasps from the villagers .  newline newline villager : great mother , how is this possible ? ! the forest has thrived for thousands of years ! newline newline great mother : my time is nearly at an end , young one . i can feel it . there is no more than a decade before i am to pass away . i am sorry .  newline newline many of the villagers cried , but one young teen made himself known .  newline newline young villager : and what ? is she going to replace you ? why ca nt it be someone from the village ? newline newline some of the villagers agreed with him , but the village leader quickly defused the situation .  newline newline leader : enough ! listen , the great mother is going to explain . newline newline great mother : thank you , leader . as the young one said , you christine , are going to replace me as the core of this forest . your friends will become your guardians , as was planned long ago .  newline newline the crew : i ... we ... what plan ? newline newline great mother : perhaps it is time to lift the veil from your memories .  newline newline she lifted a great arm over their heads , and a great wind surrounded the trio in a swarm of leaves . christine stood confused as the leaves continued to swirl around her . then , her eyes widened in realization as her memories returned to her . she remembered wild animals and towering forests . she remembered crying as she lay on the back of a stag as it sped out of the forest . she saw it depositing her into the door of a house , only to leave moments later . she remembered her childhood , she was heavily involved in gardening . despite taking journalism in college , she never forgot her garden , and most of her work involved nature in one form or another .  newline newline cameron remembered a great fire , but he himself was not burned . he remembered never feeling cold , and him touching live coals while cooking on his parttime job . he remembered meeting christine , and from that day on they were inseparable . he remembered taking a course in mass media just so he can be with her , even though he never saw her romantically .  newline newline peter remembered storms . he remembered working as an electrician and later a technician . when he met christine , he remembered falling for her , but he was not in love with her . he remembered cameron , and them bickering and christine stopping them .  newline newline great mother : so , did you remember ?  newline newline the crew raised their arms , similar to the villagers .  newline newline the crew : great mother , you children has returned to you . we have completed our travel to the outside world , and are stronger because of it . we are ready to take your place as the steward of the forest . newline newline the great mother laughed .  newline newline great mother : patience my children . i still have some time left in me . go and continue your travel to the outside , so that you will return with the wisdom and experience to lead our people to a prosperous future .  newline newline the crew : yes , great mother . newline newline great mother : then go , children of my womb . go and walk the earth , and when you return , may you be wiser for it .  newline newline the crew bowed to her and left . as they walked past , the villagers , all of them , bowed to them as well .  newline newline   newline newline later .  newline newline christine : so , what about the tape ? newline newline peter : keep it , maybe we ll find the great father s children and show it to them . newline newline cameron : or we could show it to the boss . newline newline christine punched him , saying that it was not to be shown to anyone .  newline newline cameron : i was only joking , jeez . newline newline peter stopped christine from punching him again .  newline newline peter : guys , i know that we got our memories back , but do nt you feel that something is missing , like they did nt return all of our memories ? newline newline christine : now that you think about it , yeah . newline newline cameron nodded too .  newline newline   newline newline at the tv station office . the crew s boss sneezed .  newline newline the crew s boss : cameron and peter better not let any harm come to christine . i doubt her sister will be very happy about that . newline newline   newline newline back at the forest . the villagers have already left the clearing . on the ground was a young woman , looking very similar to christine . vines were wrapped around her back and wrists , seemingly connecting her to the tree .  newline newline great mother : man , sis is so dense . i ca nt wait till it s my turn to leave this forest . i m so totally going on a shopping spree .  newline newline   newline newline the end . newline newline   newline newline edit : better wording . newline alright , so i need you to roll a d2 for reflex , krimgarn .  newline newline the dwarf squinted at lazariell who was the office master of today s session . newline newline  ach ! a d2 ! but tha  does nt make any sorts of sense ya bleedin  , poinyear d poofter !  newline newline  hey ! language !  came the stern voice of tarnack the tricoloured , who was sitting across the table and reviewing the stats of his character , the buxom soccermom stcy .  and it does make sense because your guy  what was it  johnthius ?  newline newline  ay ! johnthius thprematurebald ! ai nt tha  an epic longshanks name , eh ?  newline newline the elf and the wizard both groaned as the dwarf grinned triumphantly over the wit and good taste of his character s name . newline newline  first of all : no , that s a lousy mundie name and second of all in this setting they do nt add  the somethingsomething  to their names , it s breaking the immersion here krimgarn .  retorted tarnack with an exasperated sigh . newline newline  thfeck ya accusin  me of ya primecolour d basterd ! ?  cried krimgarn as he went for his battleaxe . newline newline  guys ! please ! can we just get on with the game ? i have to go scout the southern forests in an hour and i would really like us to just get done with this part .  interjected the elven office master with a scowl . newline newline  alrigh  , alrigh  , don  get ya elf panties in twist ovr there ...  newline newline  fine by me , lazariell .  scoffed the wizard . newline newline lazariell nodded and handed krimgarn a d2 who took it with some reluctance .  so you re rolling a d2 for reflex and not a d6 because it s seven thirty in the morning and you re exhausted after having to run to the office because you had to deal with that ticket booth at the train station which would nt accept your week pass , remember ?  newline newline  oh tha  was an epic battle , tha  was . woul ve made johnthius  ancestors proud , twould ! to think i nearly ad to buy a new ticket !  the dwarf nodded and grinned  now , now ... . let s ope luck still favours johnthius ! ere i go ... !  newline newline krimgarn rolled his dice on the table , all eyes attentive at the result as it sprawled across . newline newline it rolled a 1 newline newline  ah , bad luck for johnthius . you did nt manage to move away quick enough and the coffee spilled all over your newly ironed shirt .  newline newline  ach ! !  newline newline  i told you not to carry the newspaper and coffee cup at the same time , krimgarn .  berated the wizard with a trace of a smug smile on his wizardry face . newline newline  shite ! shite ! ! okay , okay ! so johnthius tries tuse tha  newspaper tsoak up most of thdamage !  cried the dwarf , panic in his voice . newline newline  ouch , should nt have done that . now the paper is wet as well and halfsoaked .  newline newline  gah ! even thsport section ! ?  newline newline  especially the sport section .  newline newline  this ... this ere is a catastrophe ... how much coffee s left in the cup ?  newline newline  spilled all of it , i m afraid .  newline newline  .. an  tha  was thlast in thpot ...  newline newline krimgarn sulked , looking somewhat defeated as he realize the damage that s been done to his poor character . newline newline  right !  the office master looked over to the wizard who had been thus far enjoying the pain that his dwarven coplayer had endured .  tarnack , it s your turn . you re taking little samanthine to lacrosse practice but halfway there you find out that your husband , johnthius , has forgotten to refuel the suv . roll a d12 for initiative .  newline newline tarnack the tricoloured did not smile anymore . newline newline newlinei remember the slow waters of the ocean waking me from my slumber . i remember feeling the waves wrapping around my shoulders and arms , the sensation of weightlessness given by the immensity of the water . i remember opening my eyes and watching the blueish gray sky hang over me , the waves splashing in my face , the salt burning my eyes . newline newline for a long time , i lay there floating watching a dull sun rise above pale clouds . newline newline i had no idea where i was . who i was . what had happened . nor did i care . my body was lost in time and place , i felt as if i was nowhere but everywhere at the same time . finally a small wave sent me under and everything faded to a vast darkness . newline newline i awoke to find myself on small deserted beach . the sand was rough and coarse against my skin , the palm trees tossed back and forth in the wind , and the waves stormed the beaches , rolling through and soaking my clothes in an endless barrage . a gray boulder jutted out of the ground . the sun was slowly setting , emitting a burning halo on the horizon . newline newline i tilted my head up . newline newline a lone bird flew above the desolate scene . newline newline i got up and brushed the sand off my arms . the wind picked up , sending a shiver up my spine . i looked out upon the ocean and saw a small spiral of black smoke in the distance . newline newline i remembered . newline newline i remember the plane shaking violently throwing the passengers out of their seats . i remember the windows shattering as the water flooded into the cabin . i remember climbing out the burning hull and the dark night waters taking me under . newline i awoke to find myself on small deserted beach . the sand was rough and coarse against my skin , the palm trees tossed back and forth in the wind , and the waves stormed the beaches , rolling through and soaking my clothes in an endless barrage . a gray boulder jutted out of the ground . the sun was slowly setting , emitting a burning halo on the horizon . newline newline i tilted my head up . newline newline a lone bird flew above the desolate scene . newline newline i got up and brushed the sand off my arms . the wind picked up , sending a shiver up my spine . i looked out upon the eerie ocean and saw a small spiral of black smoke in the distance . newline newline i remembered . newline newline i remember the plane shaking violently throwing the passengers out of their seats . i remember the windows shattering as the water flooded into the cabin . i remember climbing out the burning hull and the dark night waters taking me under . newline newline i remember , i was trying to make a fire on the sand beach . my beard had grown immensely , it was scruffy and itchy and had become a nuisance . my clothes tattered and torn and behind me was a small wooden tent made from sticks and leaves . beside me was a wooden spear that i used for hunting . there i was hunched over a pair of sticks desperately trying to make a fire . newline newline then it came . it slowly emerged from the shadows . it  s paws the size of boulders and it fangs glistening like knives . its orange fur shimmering in the light . newline newline a beast . newline newline i quickly dropped my sticks and picked up a wooden spear at my side . newline newline the animal looked at me stared me down . we sat there for a long time watching waiting . me looking him , him looking at me , both of us staring at death . newline newline the animal looked at me stared me down . we sat there for a long time watching waiting . me looking him , him looking at me , both of us staring at death . newline newline suddenly there was a loud boom and the ground shook . newline newline the tiger pounced . i threw my spear . the blood splattered . the screams echoed . newline newline i got up . the tiger was dead . i looked up to see what the sound was and i astonished . newline newline there it was . newline newline a yellow mushroom cloud hanging over the horizon . newline newline newlinemy mommy walks through the door . newline i shall sit and wait for her to return . newline i lay down and wait for her to return . newline oh my god theres a car going by ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! sometimes i hear that sound and she walks in ! ! ! maybe its her ! ! ! ! ! newline newline no ... sigh ... its not . i ll just lay here and wait ... sigh ... newline she always comes back ... it just takes a lifetime ... newline newline i rotate between barking and sleeping by the door , waiting forever for my love to return . newline newline click newline what was that ? it was the door ! ! ! ! ! ! newline she s back ! ! ! ohmygodohmygodohmygodohmygod ! ! ! ! my life is complete again ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! helloooooo ! ! ! welcome home ! ! i have waited years for you ! ! ! newline she smiles and pets me affectionately , and then pours me some delicious food   i love the crunchy brown things !  newline she makes herself some food  but never crunchy brown things  , and sits down at the table . i lay down by her feet , and begin to fall asleep . spending a lifetime waiting is exhausting ! newline newline i spend a while asleep at the feet of my love , and then we move to the huge giant comfy thing that we both sleep on ! newline newline i wake up to see my mommy walk out the door ...harry stepped outside with his pint , and breathed deep the crisp autumn oxfordian air . a beautiful night , he thought , as he stared up into the deep expanse above , twinkling with stars . newline  do  do you want to learn about astronomy , farmer ?  a voice and a chuckle came from one of the tables laid on the street . newline  i m sorry ?  harry turned politely to face his addresser . sat at the table , cloaked in black , were two young men , chuckling to one another and passing cheap wine between them . a flash of irritation hit him , as he realised who addressed him  that most obnoxious of subspecies , students . newline  i said ... would you like to learn about astronomy , farmer ? after all , you are ignorant of the majesty of the heavens .  newline a blank look , that swapped to an obsequious smile on harry s face as he worked out his response . newline  oh yes , zur ,  he started , accent slipping to a mimicry of his father s .  oh yes , i would loike to learn about the ztars . oi ve alwayz wondered about them , but never got no learning . no zur .  the students grinned , and one took a breath to begin his patronising lecture . newline  well , you see ...  newline  after all , zur ,  harry interrupted ,  it s not loike as a farmer oi learnt to read the skoi to know the zeasons , or the weather . now moi brother , he knowz the skoi . a sailor , see ?  the two lads looked nonplussed .  they ve been navigating boi the ztars for years . and he d never tell me nothin  . as a farrmer , why , oi ve never got lost walking and used polaris to orientate moiself . no zur .  the glares indicated they had caught on . he grinned . newline  how dare you ? do nt you know who we are ?  demanded one of the pair , slamming his fist on the table . newline  yes i do .  harry answered .  you re students , lads who are unaware of your surroundings ...  newline  ... and out after curfew .  a meaty paw dropped on each of the students  shoulders . newline  evenin  , porter .  harry nodded to the college enforcer . newline  having a nice chat with the lads ?  the porter lifted the two students from their stools by the back of their cloaks , making them hang like two disgruntled puppies . newline  oh , just educating me on the finer points of astronomy .  the porter snorted . newline  indeed ? well , they ll be sleeping it off in the cells and be in the university dock in the morning . perhaps that ll curb their lecturing instincts .  the porter strode off into the night , dragging the two students along . newline harry took a sip of his pint , and breathed the evening air . he looked up , and gazed at the night sky . newline i do wonder though ,  his thoughts wandered as he sipped his pint , why do the stars twinkle ? all of his coworkers were gone . what could it mean ? newline newline stanley decided to go to the meeting room . perhaps he had simply missed a memo . newline newline ... ahem . newline newline stanley decided to go to the meeting room . the door out of his office was halfway open  it provided a tantalising glimpse into the hub of cordonedoff cubicles outside . computers beeped , but there was no telltale click of keys to indicate any sign of human life , and a telephone could be faintly heard ringing fruitlessly in the middledistance . some of the chairs even looked upturned  sprawled on their backs on the threadbare carpet , wheels still turning faintly in the air . whatever had so efficiently purged these offices of any human life appeared to have done so rather quickly . the light from the flourescent rods on the office s ceiling bled through the crack , reaching into stanley s dark room like a outstretched arm , and beckoned to stanley . newline newline stanley did not simply sit in the swivel chair in his office , placing his scuffed shoes on the desk to the left of his keyboard as he ... what s that ? what s that gesture supposed to mean ? ! newline newline ... well , you know what , that s fine by me . newline newline without any warning , the door slammed shut . the lock clicked , pointedly . clearly , stanley was now trapped in this office until he chose to cooperate . newline newline yes . this office . this scintillating , enrapturing , dreary little office . yes , clearly , trivial matters like narrative flow and a wellconstructed opening for a story paled in comparison to the opportunity to spend one more moment in this precious , precious office . with its computer , and its newline newline ... stanley ? stanley , what are you doing ? newline newline oh !  i see ! stanley was currently using his implausiblydurable stapler to knock out a loose bolt on the ventilation duct ! it took effort , and his hands shook with it , but with a final whack of the stapler the bolt came loose and flew down to the plastictiled floor , skittering away at stanley s feet . after that , he planted his gangly legs on the ventilation grill in front , and after lying on his back for support he put all his weight into the push ... newline newline ... muscles strained , and pain burned through his trembling legs , but he did it ! the vent popped , and the grill clattered backwards with a cacophonous clang . lurching forward into a sitting position , stanley scooped it out before clambering tightly into the vent himself . he started scurrying , in a desperate bid for freedom , sliding forward on the cold metal as his hands hauled at anything they could . newline newline well , that was exciting , was nt it ? and you managed to use a bit of the airvent passageway ... well , it s a bit of a dead horse trope these days , i must admit , but we ca nt really expect james joyce out of you , now can we ? well done , stanley ! newline newline do you see what i m trying to say here ? you ve deliberately tried to escape my story , to spoil the little narrative i ve set up around here , and you ve still wandered right in the middle of it ! you ve made it better ! maybe you should turn back  oh , but then you re out in the offices again , are nt you ? the way i planned it ! newline newline stanley kept on crawling , into the dark . it was very dark . a chill burned through his nerves , as if they were frosting over beneath his skin , and he knew it was from more than just the icy touch of the metal biting at his palms . newline newline the dark . the unexplained . stanley was crawling right into it . stanley did nt want to know what was lurking up ahead , what crawled in the nest of vents and wires like a worm in a pustule , burrowing into the flesh and watching him with milky , blank eyes . he did nt want to know how its thick , grey tongue pressed against its teeth , or what that sound was , that sound getting ever closer , that sound like a thousand tiny hailstones skittering off a tin roof . newline newline stanley wanted freedom from the narrative ! freedom where anything could happen next , or happen to him next ! and as his heart hammered in his throat and he blindly slithered forward , groping in the dark , well , here it came ! his freedom !  newline newline ... or , you know what , let s try something different . newline newline suddenly , the vent beneath stanley s struggling form gave a plaintive , fatal creak , and he had a second to pull back before his cramped little metal world fell out from under him . the floor of the vent gave a wail and fell downwards , down and down and down before landing with a clatter on the floor of a corridor . at least it looked like that  he could see carpet , to be sure , but the only dim light in the darkness trickled from a door he could nt see , at the corridor s end . newline newline stanley hunched , shivering , between the tight walls of the vent around him , and let out a shaky exhale . at the very least , whatever was on the other side of the ventilation shaft appeared to have been scared off . newline newline i hope you ve learned a valuable lesson from all this , stanley . newline newline you could have kept on wandering . i would nt have even had to write in anything  i could have just kept the vents going for a few hundred more paragraphs , or thrown in a flashforward . and when you slumped forward , starving , and the rats came out of the woodwork to pick you clean  well , that d have been freedom , now would nt it ? you d have defied my story , at least . newline newline but groping forward , blindly , into the muck and the dark and the chaos  is that what you want , stanley ? is that any way to live ? you need me , stanley , and i need you  but we do nt have to be at each other s throats like this ! you scurry along my story for me and  well  who knows ? there could be a happy ending for both of us ! you might even be really free ! newline newline so . stanley decided that further attempts to examine the ventilation systems for signs of human life were fruitless . shrugging his shoulders , he squeezed himself into a turn and set off back to his office , to find where his coworkers had newline newline ... stanley ? what are you doing ? ! stanley , dont newline newline stanley , stupidly , hurled himself out of the shattered vent and down to the corridor below . he landed , painfully , and it killed  no , he was still alive , staggering upwards and clutching what looked like a broken arm . blood trickled from one ear . he stared at the door in front of him , and the dimly glowing light . newline newline stanley . stanley , this is very important . you  can not  go near that door . stanley ? can you hear what i m saying ? dont newline newline ... the door opened , with a creak . it had nt been used in quite some time . stanley leaned against it , and stared at what he saw . newline newline he saw me . newline newline ... yes . hello . i ... ca nt quite imagine you were expecting me to look like this . newline newline he approached . with purpose , and a ... stanley ? what is that ? no , stanley , put it down ! i can help you ! put it down , or i newline newline i newline newline i i i newline newline iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii ! i ! ii ! i ! i ! iiiiilllllllllllll newline newline                       newline newline the narrator stopped twitching , and it was done .  newline newline stanley was shaken , inside and out , and dropped his weapon with a clatter . he d had to . he d had to do it . there d been no other choice . his arm throbbed , dull stabs of pain , and his vision swam . he heard blood squelch , from somewhere . it could have been his own . he stumbled to the door , and swung it open .  newline newline freedom greeted him , like a longlost lover .  newline newline fresh air caressed his throat with the taste of the finest wine . grass swayed , and trees rustled . the sun glowed in the rich , blue sky . stanley stepped through the door  and it was just a door , now , not attached to anything , and as he slammed it shut it winked out of existence forever . he could nt hear the voice anymore .  newline newline stanley was free . newline newline and , well , i think we should let him believe that for now , do nt you ? i decided not to write about it . not because the idea was nt interesting , but because i would nt know where to go with it . but then the idea hit me to write about how i was nt writing about it . so i started writing about how i was not going to write about the meta prompt that actually sort of did but also did not prompt anything . it was at that point in which i realized : i was screwed . there was nt enough to write about ! the prompt would go nowhere , you ca nt just write about the process of writing a writingprompt response about writing about a prompt . unless ... i could just write about that issue as well ! it would give the response more meat to its bones . yes . by then it should ve been a decent length response , and i decided that i could finish it there without being too abrupt . and so the response was finished .the nuclear superweapon factory warehouse echoed with the sharp bang of metal on concrete . griff stared at his companion , snakes , in disbelief . newline newline  are you kidding me , snakes ?  griff whispered sharply . snakes shrugged sheepishly . newline newline  why would you try to hold in a sneeze ,  griff continued ,  by covering your mouth with your hands when you re holding the deadliest weapon known to man ! ?  wipe your hands and pick it up ! we got ta get out of here before a superhero shows up .  newline newline snakes hung his head ashamedly and wiped his hands on his henchman uniform before bending to pick back up his end of the metal crate . inside the crate was a nuclear macguffin that the two henchman had been tasked to steal ... silently . newline newline carrying the crate awkwardly between them , griff lead the way to their escape route through the conveniently placed sewer grate in the floor . when they arrived at the grate , they noticed it was closed . newline newline  odd ,  whispered griff ,  did you close the grate after you came out , snakes ?  newline newline  uh , no , why would i do that ?  newline newline  i dunno , but it s closed . sit the crate down and let s pry it back open . hurry !  newline newline from up in the rafters , a voice chuckled . it was a pitying chuckle , filled with confidence . the henchmen dropped the crate and whirled around .  i would nt worry about that , boys ,  said the voice ,  i welded it shut with my eyes .  a blue glow suddenly sprang up in the rafters above .  now step away from the crate and i ll go easy on you .  newline newline snakes looked ready to run , but griff just gritted his teeth and sad , softly ,  no . not this time laze ,  and drew his gun . the glow descended from the ceiling , revealing a musclebound man with eyes of blue fire floating gently down to land a short distance from the henchmen . he smiled . newline newline  mister sinister must be strapped for cash , sending only two goons for a job as big as this . why , it s hardly worth my time to put on my spandex and come out . the local police could have handled you two doofuses .  his eyes blazed blue and hot .  in fact , i ve already c   newline newline griff s gun roared to life , interrupting laze and sending a bullet to visit the space between his beautiful blues . laze stumbled and fell , spurting out a gout of blue flamebeams from his eyes before landing , face down and unmoving , in front of snakes . newline newline snakes stared , wide eyed , as the blue glow faded from laze , before slowly turning to stare at griff . newline newline  you ... you killed him , griff !  snake yelled . newline newline griff smiled and tucked away his gun .  it looks like i did . someone needed to do it . he was always making our life hell .  newline newline snakes shook his head .  yeah , but you did nt even let him finish his speech ! that s not very sportsmanlike .  newline newline  oh , come off it , snakes ! he was always interrupting mister sinister s exposition ! remember last time ? he sent mick to the hospital .  newline newline  yeah , yeah , but there s rules , you know ? it s like an unwritten thing . and , do nt give me mick ! our healthcare package is phenomenal .  newline newline as the two henchmen argued , a faint green glow grew in the air between them . finally , after a narratively silly amount of time , they noticed . newline newline  hey , what s that light ?  snakes asked ,  is laze alive ?  newline newline  no , he s blue colored . this is green ,  griff replied ,  it looks like its coming from the ... oh . oh no . it s coming from the crate , snakes ! laze must ve blown a hole in it when he died !  newline newline  you think it s gon na blow ?  snakes asked . newline newline  i dunno , but let s get out of here . help me with the grate .  newline newline the henchmen ran to the sewer grate and tried to open it , forgetting that it was welded shut . the crate began emitting an electric whine that steadily increased in pitch . as the whine reached a crescendo , the two henchmen comically embraced , squeezing their eyes shut and screaming . a moment later , the crate hissed and went silent . the henchmen continued hugging and screaming until a voice in the shadows cleared its throat . newline newline  excuse me , boys , but ... uh , put your hands up and stop holding each other ! it s the police and we ve got you surrounded !  newline newline  newline  things i ve written   https : www.reddit.comrcbeckw  this is absurd , you really expect that strategy to work ?  newline what s absurd is my tentthing . not really a tent , but not really a shack . a more substantial solid militarylike large field tent was my quarters , and a betterthanacot but still not a solid bed . my workdesk was of very sturdy and skilled carpentry , as was the matching chair . my nightstand was similar to it and held my oil lamp , which provided a barely sufficient glow to do anything at this time of night . the floor was dirt , but there was a plain dark rug under my bed , desk and chair , and at the entrance which was pretty much a tent flap . newline the man before me was crisply dressed , and was a superior officer . i was not dressed militarily , but i was in nice clothes . on the desk was a topographical map of a region outside of my familiarity covered in drawnon arrows and footnoted numbers . newline newline one of my hobbies is maps and cartography . newline newline after taking in my surroundings , i turned my back to the desk and faced this dude . newline  why yes i can guarantee this maneuver s imminent success .  newline this guy is pissed , holy shit . newline  so , what you are saying , is that by diverting 35  to bound the ridge and try to flank them , and have the other 65  trudge through the damn canyon . that we will have a decisive victory with minimal losses ? is that what you re trying to sell me ? that s bullshit , and you know it , the general will execute you himself for this joke !  newline we were both nearly nose to nose , yet neither of us had moved . newline  look , we used to be around 1,500 , now there re only 20 of us . if none of my previous stratagems have worked , how come i m still alive ?  newline  we will see , for now i will present your outline at noon . i can only hope to have your entrails spilled come this evening , by my own hand .  newline it was a simple enough plan , a sort of enhanced guerrilla maneuver . have just a hair more than half the total force march to the obvious danger , and take the other portion to do a wide flank . however with these numbers , they wo nt know whether it s for a pincer , which would require three groups , or my plan , or if it s something else . newline we did nt have any small vehicles like humvees , but we do have two t70 s and one abrams m1 . those will spearhead the main front , the flanking force will join in after a delay . the only thing that my plan could fail to was enemy cas , but it s been ages since anybody has been able to deploy any aircraft . newline it s pretty astounding that i ve survived for so long off of what i ve learned in arma 3 , and some other fps s and rts s . these towelheads would be dead without their dwindling strategy thinktank . newline newline the sounds of distant battle became apparent to me . artillery , gunfire , land vehicles , and various other noises that accompany such a cacophony . newline newline i awoke to the sound of my first alarm , in my comfy bed at home . it took me the better part of twenty years to figure it out . twenty years of miracles and close calls . but here i am , eve of the next twenty pointless bullshit years . years where i do nt know who i am , what i am , what my purpose is . who knows how long i ve been doing this , i certainly as hell do nt . fifty years , a hundred , a thousand ? time is a blur when you do nt remember it . newline newline  i ca nt believe that i never thought to tell myself . write down a note . record a video . something . anything . but i m doing it now . that s what this is . my testament . look , i know this sounds crazy , and i agree . it s completely insane . but it s the truth . i ca nt die . i ve tried . after the hunting accident , the one that should have blown my head clean off , i realized that i was nt normal . doctors called me lucky . i know better . shot myself in the head , once . jumped in front of traffic , too . not to die , no . just to prove it to myself . newline newline  shit hurts . do nt do it unless you have to . you ca nt die , but you can hurt . jesus can you hurt . a bullet to the brain stings , but having your body thrashed by a truck ... just do nt . i do nt know what to do with this power . become a superhero ? that would be pretty cool , but i m not sure . i m afraid that people will try to capture me , perform experiments on me . i mean , i m living the human dream . i do nt die . that s pretty damn fantastic . newline newline  but it s not a gift . i can already feel it . you do nt remember , and you probably wo nt , but that s okay . you can start again . i ve given you that shot . i moved to england a week before my next birthday . i do nt know if it starts then , but i figured i would be safe . if you re watching this , then i was right . i have a job lined up for you . paid the apartment in full for a year until you get your bearings . newline newline  this is kind of weird , talking to me . i do nt know what to say . will you be exactly like me ? just without as many memories ? or do i come back completely different ? i ca nt watch that one show , doctor who . the idea of coming back as someone else scares me . i do nt want to forget . i know i will , because i ve seen the pictures . watched the videos . oh ! do nt go on facebook . or any of those social thingies . not with my name . i m going to die , and fade . fake my own death , and head out . i ll let you pick a new name . you deserve that much . newline newline  uh ... so , i m not sure if i have anything more to talk about . you re pretty smart , you ll figure it out as you go along . just , like i said , be careful . seriously . i do nt want future me to end up in a lab because you tried to be a hero . good luck , man . here s hoping for a better future .  newline newline the dvd ended , and brought up the menu screen again . garret p. durn stared blankly at the title screen , the screen that he had woken up to .  please press play  . he had no idea what was going on when he woke up that morning , so of course he was going to follow those instructions . newline newline he found himself in the bathroom , staring at his reflection . it was like staring at a stranger . the same face , the same eyes , the same tired expression as the guy in the video . it was him . the only thing different was the healing wound on the side of his head . circular , kind of deep . it hurt when he tried to touch it . newline newline  garret .  he said , hearing his voice . it carried different coming out of his mouth , but there was no mistaking it . he was ... the same . he walked back out and poured himself a cup of coffee . apparently he had been nice enough to set it up on a timer . he sat down in front of the tv again , and watched it . he watched it six or seven times before he could nt bring himself to do it any more . newline newline so he was immortal , huh ? part of him wanted to test it , but part of him would rather just believe the recording . the day went fairly normally , as far as amnesia goes . he took a shower , brushed his teeth , and dressed himself . he took the dvd out of the player , and looked at it . atop the dvd was a familiar scrawl . garret walked to his desk and pulled out a pen , and wrote out  important : do not lose  on a scrap piece of paper . it looked the same as the writing on the disc . newline newline  huh .  newline newline he went to work , there were instructions on the desk . he took breaks . had a pint afterwards . played around with facial hair styles , shaved his head for cancer , and not once did he get injured . not once was he at risk to be killed . he lived a beautiful , wonderful , ordinary life . and he was sure , once his twenty years was up , he would move somewhere nice and remote , some place no one would find him . south africa , perhaps . maybe argentina or russia . and he would leave a short little video , telling himself that he had a brand new life , full of wonder and excitement , to lead . without the trappings of watching loved ones die . without the pain and fear of watching the world burn out beneath you . just life , sweet and pure , twenty years at a time .7:57pm newline the low quality fabric of my tuxedo is akin to sandpaper on my flesh , or better yet the hooked side of velcro . the broken ac is doing nothing but compounding the heat left over from the mid summer sun . while the sun was below the horizon now , the oppressive wave of heat and humidity lingered . who  s idea was it to have this wedding outside ? but i already know the answer to that . scenic and memorable wedding locales cost money and that is something we don  t have . my parents were long gone before i ever met sarah and her father had passed a year ago . her mother had a big heart but all she could muster was a stack of gift cards that she must have been saving for quite some time . the wedding fell squarely on our shoulders . i didn  t care . while i made a decent living pouring concrete during the summer and doing odd jobs during the winter , i was exactly rolling in the dough . but it was love . i would have been happy with a shotgun wedding on the courthouse steps but she wanted something special . i couldn  t blame her . i had condemned her to a life with a bleak outlook . i had few prospects . with a distinguished rap sheet that deterred most employers and illicited responses like  we feel you are overqualified for this position.  how can you be overqualified to wash dishes ? isn  t everyone qualified to do that ? i didn  t hold onto much hope of doing anything better with my life . i wanted more for her . newline newline  honey are you excited ?  she asks with an angelic smile on her face . newline newline her sweat is starting to cut streaks into her make up . i pretend not to notice . she has to be dying in her wedding dress . after her mother made a brief toast and started to cry we had ducked out with our prepacked suitcases . there was not much at the reception keeping us there and i really wanted , no needed to get on the road . we were on the road before anyone noticed we were gone probably . most of the guests were freeloaders anyways . they had come for the booze . a couple of sarah  s cousins had come but they were preoccupied with their own herd of children . they were model model parents . i would swear on a stack of bibles that at least one of the pregnant ones had brought a flask and was taking slugs off of it . i couldn  t blame them , with that many kids i would probably have to do the same thing . a few of my coworkers came and at least made an effort to congratulate me . i don  t know how they managed to pat me on the back while juggling their beer . i had tried to do something nice for sarah but i guess there is no escaping your roots . it was a redneck wedding though and through . i pull at my collar . i swear if it is not off soon then it is going to cut a groove into my neck . i look and sarah again and i pity her . i took advantage of her really . i am a dead end but she could have had so much more . she is one of those women that are truly beautiful . she had lots of friends in school . at least until i dropped out to go to work . she could have left the podunk town that we both grew up in and moved to the city and probably married well . but she didn  t . she saw something in me that i am still trying to figure out . she is happy somehow and for that reason i will not stop trying to do right by her . newline newline another smile , but she doesn  t say anything this time . her eyelids are getting heavy i can tell so i pull an old flannel shirt from the back of the car . i sniff it and it seems clean enough . when i hand it to her , she accepts it greatfully . truth is , there is no telling how long it has been in here . she reclines her seat and does her best to get comfortable . newline newline 11:34pm newline she has been out for a couple of hours now . i still have not figured out how to tell her . she was extremely let down when i told her that our flight to alaska had been cancelled last minute . i had made up a bullshit excuse about bad weather or something but she had bought it . she knew i didn  t have much money , especially after the wedding . i knew she was suspicious and the look in her eyes held pity . she assumed i had to spend the travel money but she didn  t say anything and just accepted it . we had barely been married for a few hours and she already felt sorry for me . we were off to a rip roaring start . i rolled my eyes at myself . i just didn  t know how to tell her . she would know soon enough but hopefully this was forgivable . there was no getting around that she would find out at our destination but for now i let her sleep and enjoy her night . newline newline 1:15am newline i am exhausted . she had offered to drive briefly but she immediately fell back asleep when i told her i had a stop to make before we got to the hotel . i am starting to feel nervous now . i need a cigarette . i pull off into a seedy little gas station at the edge of town . super creepy fluorescent lights that are fighting to stay on as the flicker like something out of a horror movie . bars on the window . i need a cigarette though . i park the car and leave it running . she is awake now . i made a pass through the store out of habit but i just head to the counter . all i need is a pack of smokes . as i am trying to make a choice of which budget brand to get this time i see outside the store that she has gotten out . after a short stretch she sees me looking and i smile . she waves at me and imitates driving with an imaginary steering wheel . i can see by her mouth that she is making car noises even though i can not hear her . i nod as she points to herself . she climbs in and i finish my purchase . i am starting to get super nervous now and even though i refrained from drinking any alcohol i have the sudden urge to go to the bathroom . i duck in real quick when i hear police sirens . i quickly button my pants and push out the door . i don  t know what is going on but at the moment the last thing i need are cops nearby . i am about to push the door open to go see what all the sirens are about when i see her screaming for me . she is crying and now mascara has blackened her face . i feel sick . i never should have put it in her bag . i have no idea how the cops knew what i was carrying but i can clearly see them talking into the mics on their shoulders and i see her suitcase spread across the trunk of my car . the package is there and one officer is taking pictures . when one of them looks towards the store i duck back out of the line of sight and try to catch my breath . i had no idea how to tell her . i should have told her . i take another peek and one of the officers had loosened the clasp on his handgun and was approaching the store . they knew i was nearby no doubt . not many women running around by themselves in a wedding dress and she probably told them all about the wedding we had just come from . i suppose the right thing to do would be to walk out with my hands up and clear everything up . she didn  t know about the heroin . i never told her . i didn  t know how . i slipped out the back door just as i heard the store keeper giving away that i had ducked out the back . it didn  t matter i was halfway gone . we weren  t quite in the city yet but we were close enough that i could duck down a side street and had already turned the corner before i saw a flash light cut through the darkened alley i had just come from . i was not an athlete but these guys already had sarah in custody . i hate that they will try to pin it on her but it is not my fault . i know she could have done so much better . she could have moved to the city and married well but she married me . i still can  t see what she sees in me .  i am a piece of shit  i think only to myself as i round another corner and disappear into the night . newline she could have had so much more . newlinelife is still young newline or at least for me it is newline i have seen only few newline but many through you , newline i have heard many stories newline and seen many tales newline but experienced one first hand newline with your love that could never fail newline  i have made my mistakes newline and paid for my dues newline all the emotion i put in newline was washed away with you newline i was left in anger newline in sadness and despair newline emotion was something newline i could not bear newline  i was use to being happy newline being idle my whole life newline i was use to being segregated newline ignored , and left to my own devices newline but what i had experience newline was something so much more newline it gave me a taste of life newline in which i could only adore newline  but when it had left me newline i had only myself to blame newline refusing to be hateful newline at an ever confusing game , newline and though it seemed i got better newline the emotion never left me newline i gave in to temptation newline and let the mindset take me newline  through it all it was nt a waste newline it taught many things , many signs , and many newline it explored my emotional spectrum newline a thing in which i was nt comfortable with newline and though i grew in wisdom newline it had left me confused as a fish newline for the journey is now over newline but in reality it still continues newline my maturity is not reached newline my understanding still questioned newline my closure still filling newline and my self still beginning newline  i guess i should of known newline knowing who you are newline you gave me great joy , and i know i gave it to you too newline you gave me great melancholy , and at times you acted far newline i guess what i m trying to say newline under all this bullshit newline is that it s been rough for me newline and heart breaking not to see it in you newline that it affected me , newline tortured me newline and had no knowledge of dealing with it newline but i guess that s the person i am newline always seeking change newline wanting newline sensitive sometimes newline lazy newline unsure newline masking things up newline lying newline and scared newline ... newline man fuck you reddit newline newlinedr. almer had moved the clock behind the chair so that i could nt stare at it , but the ticking was so deafening that i could still determine when it was time to leave with nearperfect accuracy . newline newline newline  these feelings of persecution , the feeling that you re outcast and everyone is different and out to get you are typical of your schizoaffective disorder ,  he said calmly , staring blankly at me through the thinrimmed glasses . his suit fit flawlessly and the office was equipped with handsome leather furniture . i clenched my jaw at the word  they ve thrown the whole dsm at me since my parents were murdered in a home invasion when i was eleven . my parents were terrified and resistant , but easily dispatched by the wellarmed robbers . they spotted me standing in the threshold of my bedroom , frozen with terror , and never gave me a second glance . within five minutes they had stripped the house of its least cumbersome valuables and left . i was nt a threat  i was nt an obstacle to their goal like my parents had been . the psychopaths that comprise the majority of the human race are nt monsters  they re goaloriented , focused , and very selfcentered . that they re complex makes them scarier . they are professional liars that can manipulate and emulate empathy with flawless accuracy  the only way to predict them is to ask ,  what do they want ?  newline newline newline these  persecutors  that have dominated my  delusions  have built a thriving society , and the doctors and therapists all insist that a race of unfeeling humans could never accomplish such things . i m supposed to fight my delusions with irrefutable facts , but it seems logical that a society with rules and laws could easily further their selfserving tendencies . most are hedonists : craving money , sex , power , drugs . laws aid them because it keeps other psychopaths incheck . every decision is carefully weighed for selfbenefit  committing an obvious murder would not benefit them because they would end up in jail . hell , even the  peaceful exchange of power  that makes america so  great  is a fantastic tool for the best and brightest liars to maximize their power without needing to worry of mutiny . my  delusions  tell me that the angry and volatile societies of yore were immensely more human , rife with crimes of passion and heroism that are surprisingly sparse in our comparative utopia . newline newline newline case studies show that the cranial abnormalities that define a psychopath are expressed genetically . if  these people  are so successful , they will continue to grow in population . they are better adapted for our current society , and they thrive . we  feelers  will die out or interbreed with people who are so deft at faking emotions , we mistake them for one of our own . newline newline fuck the doctors , the therapists , and the medication . i am not crazy . i am not delusional . this is simply how the world is , and in order to survive i must adapt . instead of faking empathy , i will learn to fake apathy . i ll marry a woman who might not care about me at all and have kids who may curbstomp puppies for laughs when they re still in elementary school . newline newline my palms are sweaty , my breaths are shallow , and my heart is racing . i am obviously distressed and anyone who had even a shred of humanity would be able to read it all over my face . the clock is still ticking , but i know that it s time to leave . newline newline  josh , i want you to keep working on identifying the distortions and delusions and fighting them . it s time to go today.  dr. almer s voice never changed pitch  his diction and delivery were consistent . does he even notice how i m feeling ? i stand to walk out , knowing that every person i pass on the way home will be wearing a fake smile , constantly focused on their next goal and willing to crush anyone to achieve it . newline newline  wait a second , before you leave let me write you a prescription for some antianxiety medications . you are clearly still having panic attacks when confronted with this issue . please take care of yourself , and do nt forget to talk to jane on the way out about the copay.  newline newline edit : an grammatical errordear martha , newline newline the shots have been going for hours on end . my eardrums have gone numb , and i ve begun contemplating the possibility that they re not even there at all , that the battle is hours completed and i still have nt made the realization . i ll normandy has been leveled by now , but i do nt fuckin  care . i think i ve lost my sense of humanity as well , but i do nt care about that either . i want to go home . i want a brooklyn style pizza . i want a cheeseburger . i want this goddamn war to en newline newline ich wei nicht , wer sein lesen wird , aber ich nehme an , es ist die frau eines soldaten . ich mchte , dass sie das von mir zuerst hren : ihr mann ist tot . die roten flecken auf dem papier sind sein blut . sein gehirn mit all seinen gedanken und all seinen erinnerungen hat auf den boden verstreut . ich hoffe , dass sie diese worte erinnere mich an den rest ihres lebens : die nazis sind auf dem besten weg , um die steuerung der ganzen welt , einschlielich amerika . und ich hoffe , dass ich derjenige , der dich findet und spaltet den schdel zu sein . schneiden sie einen kopf , zwei weitere sollen an ihre stelle treten . newline newline  english translation  : i do nt know who will be reading this , but i assume it s a soldier s wife . i d like you to hear this from me first : your husband is dead . the red splotches on the paper are his blood . his brain , with all its thoughts and all its memories has been scattered onto the ground . i hope you will remember these words the rest of your life : the nazis are well on their way to controlling the whole world , america included . and i hope i will be the one who finds you and splits your skull . cut off one head , two more shall take its place .the founding fathers all walk out of a subway and into a bar . each tries a brew they have nt heard of before as they are eyed by the patrons surrounding them . their clothes do not fit , their hair does not fit , and from their voices , these people believe they are british . suddenly jefferson over hears talk of a presidential debate behind him , and turns to find a flat picture which somehow moved . there were people in it , and they spoke of the 2016 us presidential race . jefferson gets the others  attentions and focuses them upon the screen . they watch as a megalomaniac sways crowds with his speeches , and an obviously manipulative spinster running against him . there is mention of a third , who sounds more rational . even his ideas grate at them like nails on the chalkboard , though . and now they knew they had made a mistake . just as they begin to feel the great weight of their consciences  bear down , bill and ted stumble into the doorway . newline newline  cmon dudes ! we just had to make a pit stop for some righteous slurpees . you guys ready to skidaddle ?  newline newline  please , this time makes me ... ill ,  says jefferson . newline newline  yeah , everyone here seems a little sensitive . but no worries , bro , we re about to go back and meet some bodacious hippie chicks ! you ll love it tom , i promise !  newline newline the group of them make their way outside , and strangers stare as eight grown men enter into a phone booth together in a 711 parking lot . in a few moments , no one is looking their way , and all of the sudden , the phone booth simply vanished .i stir the mashed potatoes around on my plate , creating a thin layer covering every crevice . i  ve sat here for exactly 15 minutes , now . counting the time becomes a habit when you don  t like your own thoughts . goddam being sixteen . newline newline  tallie ,  the stern voice of my mother breaks my count at 904 seconds .  you have literally been sitting there for this whole time and not said a word . is something wrong ?  newline newline i look up . she stares at me with that perpetually irritated look on her face i know comes from the natural downturn of her eyebrows , but it gets to you , sometimes . newline newline  nah , mom . i  m fine.  i don  t know why she ever accepts that answer , considering we have this conversation just about every night . i glance over at my dad , who looks at my mom , then at me . newline newline  talitha , how about you turn in for the night . i think your mom and i need to talk about somethings.  newline newline  mmhmm okay.  i don  t really pay attention to anything he says anymore . it  s all so monotone . i get up and as i scrape my plate . my parents had already finished , and put their plates in the sink next to mine . they go into the family room and close the door as i start the dishes . they turn on the television so i won  t hear what they  re saying . i don  t really give a crap , anyways . newline newline i turn the facet on and start cleaning up when i hear a quick knock at the door . a glance at the clock reveals it  s 6 o  clock . not late enough for any serious weirdos to be out , so i pull back the hatch and look through the peephole . some guy in his twenties wearing a brown collared teeshirt who looks like a delivery person is standing behind the door , looking down the hall . it  s probably the new comic edition i ordered . newline newline i close the hatch and unlock the door , actually kind of excited for the new edition . i open the door and look for the orange folder that they usually come in . newline newline the guy  s hands are empty . newline newline i drag my eyes up to this guy  s face and slowly ask , newline newline  caaaaaan i help you ?  newline he looks like he  s about to say something , but stops himself and just looks at me for a second . then he says , newline newline  are you talitha ?  like i  m going to give him a present , or something . newline newline  yup.  i  m not sure what to say . this is getting kind of creepy .  caaaaaaan i help you ?  newline newline the guy looks at a loss for words . newline newline  ii  m not sure what to say ,  he stammers , getting kind of emotional , but i can see the crazy behind his eyes .  i can  t believe i  m seeing you right now.  newline newline suddenly , i get it . newline newline  look dude , whatever kind of crazy drug you  re on , why don  t you go sleep it off , okay ? i  ve never met you before . justgo home.  i almost close the door , but then ask ,  who told you about me ?  newline newline  no one !  he looks nervous , like i  m going to go psycho on him .  nobody told me . i  m your brother !  newline newline okay yeah , definitely creepy . newline newline  dude , i  m sorry ,  i say , closing the door .  i don  t have a brother . whatever you took , you probably shouldn  t  newline newline the door to the family room opens behind me and the tv gets louder . newline  talitha , who are you talking to ?  my mom calls . newline newline  oh , no one ,  i answer , not wanting to get the guy in trouble , and turn to him to tell him to seriously , go home , but when i see him , the words just kinda don  t come out . newline newline because he pulled out pistol . newline newline instead , i say , newline newline  oh , shit.  newline newline  listen to me ,  he says , pointing the gun towards the floor .  theyare not your family . they took you from me after our real parents died ,  i back away from the door ,  and i  ve been looking for you ever since . that was 13 years ago.  i hear my mom gently exclaim from behind me .  believe me ,  he continues ,  they are not your real family.  newline newline he steps inside , and focuses on something behind me , and raises his gun . i dodge behind the table , and look at my mom , expecting to see her as afraid as i am right now . instead , she has a gun of her own , and is engaging in a standoff with the crazy guy . newline newline  mom !  i hiss .  whatthehellareyoudoing ?  newline newline  talitha ,  she calmly says ,  come over here.  newline newline  no !  exclaims crazy guy .  don  t listen to her !  newline newline i edge my way around the room until i  m standing behind my mom . newline newline  mom ,  i begin again .  what  s going on ?  newline newline  later , talitha . go into the back room with your father.  i do and hear the crazy door guy start cussing behind me . newline newline my dad is rooting around underneath the sofa as i walk in , and he pulls out a couple more guns . newline newline  more goddam guns ?  i exclaim .  why is everyone suddenly loaded ? what  s going on ?  newline newline  talitha ,  my dad says to me , all monotone and dullness gone .  you remember when i took you to that place in the country and taught you how to use a gun , right ?  newline newline  yeah  i waver , not liking where this is going . newline newline  well , you  re going to need to remember what i taught you , now.  he hands a smaller pistol to me .  i want you to know that you  re very special . you always have been , and that  s going to give you a lot of trouble in your future.  newline newline  okay ?  i  m not sure how much of this i  ll retain , since my brain  s whirling in syncopation with my heart  s attempts to escape my body .  dad , what  s going on ?  newline newline  i  ll explain on the road.  he smiles .  but for now , we need to get you there.  newline newline i hear a gunshot from the other room . newlineof course i remember . crystal clear like it was just yesterday  what got me to where i am now , this blank and endless limbo . newline newline i never had the skill . and he exploited it  needled me every single day . that bastard . what made it worse it that i tried so hard . i really tried to cook . but i could never feel the talent bubbling , jumping , bursting through me like it should have . all those hours , all those years . newline newline and there i was that crystalline morning , sitting at the breakfast table and waiting for the inevitable . and just now , in the space of an instant , here he came , my son . demented , warped . psychopathic . he leaned in close to my ear , his ragged breath making my neck hairs stand up . newline newline bastard . this time , i wasn  t going to wait for his taunts . i clenched my hands , pissed the floor , and twisted the burner on , all in one fluid motion . i waited for hell , for the fire to consume the both of us . i was going to take him with me . and i screamed . newline newline  benzi chibna looble bazebni gweb !  newline newlinejust like that , the world clipped and he was in two places at once . newline newline  this again .  click : here he is . newline newline he carelessly drops his weight onto the rooftop s edge , throwing his feet over the side with a resigned sigh . newline newline after a moment of searching the steep view around him , he discovers that he can see , from way up here , the park he had been walking through just seconds ago . there s the winding cobble path , the duck pond halffilled with sludge , the oaks and maples and honeylocusts , nestled between lowrises and shops . he walks that path everyday from his small apartment to work : allinall , not a bad commute . but the holes in the world are difficult to keep track of , and now he s going to be late again . in the right light , he can see the faintest shimmer , but usually they re invisible . sometimes he could swear they re moving . you want me to review your latest project ?  newline newline  yes yes , of course !  dr. neitz slurred his words as he spoke . if you did nt know him you d think he was drunk , but it was just the way he talked . must have been some kind of freak accident or something . i was shocked at his request , but accepted . newline newline  yeah , sure . why not .  i m not sure why he asked me to review his findings , as i m not particularly well established around here . his qualifications dwarf my own . he was , but ... there was a rumor mill that surrounded him . people in our lab and others typically , well , avoided him entirely . he was just odd . sometimes he would show up to work in nothing but a lab coat . last week he was caught with what appeared to be a body wrapped in a rug he was dragging outside . when questioned he merely replied fuck the police  and continued what he was doing . newline newline regardless , he provided invaluable research for our organization , so i was obliged to help in whatever way i could . he handed me the folder , and jumped in place giddily as i opened it . i took a step away from him and started to read through it . he clapped his hands in anticipation . newline newline at first it seemed normal enough , a hypothesis that seemed plausible followed by some references to previous experiments on the subject . unfortunately , i continued to the actual experiment . i could nt fathom why this man needed a dozen chihuahuas and 40 gallons of milk to conduct an experiment regarding the conductivity of electricity in space , let alone the numerous assault rifles listed . newline newline  uhm , about these materials , what  newline newline  oh oh do nt worry about that , that s hr s job . look at the rest !  he jumped up and down . i was a bit taken back by the lack of professionalism , but continued . i wish i had nt . you dont want to know what he needed those things for . he never even mentioned what happened to the siamese alligators , or the yellow cake uranium . newline newline somehow , by the end of his experiment log he did provide evidence to confirm his hypothesis , a major stride in our research efforts . it was amazing , especially how he thought to use the chihuahuas . a lot of it made sense , even though i did nt want it to . by the looks of it , all those panthers lives did nt go in vain after all . i handed him his paper back . newline newline  well , dr. neitz , it looks ... good . you ve done good work with this .  he pumped a fist in the air and released a primal roar . his howl attracted the attention of anybody in the vicinity , making my face go red with embarrassment for us both . without so much as a thank you , he grabbed the folder and crab walked away . shaking my head , i put my headphones back in and resumed mopping .he d always been alone . he was barely in touch with his family , ever since he d moved out of that drunkard s home , and the incident only made things easier  kept his sister from finding his new hovel and harassing him to  just forgive and forget  the bastards . newline newline but he d always had an eye for opportunity . pyramid schemes were easy money before he burned the bridges and moved to another town . retail was always hiring . busking  he had a talent for juggling , singing and marionettes , and when combined he had a good act going . newline newline with the barriers he saw opportunity . he quickly opened a facebook page , posted his limits , and said ,  i will deliver anything in this area .  newline newline it was surprising how fast people jumped on . mail and personal packages , before the government could get their act together , rocketed him to the forefront of this new industry . cartons of cigarettes were good for quick cash , but after getting mugged one night he sold off his rickety bicycle for an electric scooter . he joined the chain of couriers to make regular deliveries across the country . his most unusual regular : a weekly run with a dog to his favourite dog park , which the owner could no longer visit . newline newline but what he loved the most  and charged only a pittance for  was knocking on the door of a particular woman . same time , every other day  even though he did nt normally work weekends  . newline newline  letter for you ,  he grinned when she opened the door . newline newline  you sweetheart ,  she smiled .  come in for a slice of pie ? it ll take me a few minutes to write a response .  newline newline  of course ,  he answered . newline newline homemade apple pie felt like a novelty in the new world , considering the differences in logistics , and he relished it , careful not to look in the direction of the sitting room where the wife wrote a response to her husband . it took an hour , something he did nt mind with her , before she emerged from the room , eyes looking a little wet and hands holding a thick parcel . newline newline  same time in two days ?  newline newline  same time in two days . the initial shock was something akin to both being abruptly woken from deep sleep and yanked from underwater simultaneously . disconcerting panic , all encompassing darkness , echoing nothingness , complete sensory deprivation , extreme cold shifting to intense heat and back again . a flood of sensations whirled together , touch , smell , hearing , was it real , could it be real , all blurring together . thought , conscious thought meant you had to be alive , i am thinking , i must still exist , i am confused , i must be conscious . i am aware of cold , under me is cold , my back is touching something cold , i slowly register the sensation and the shape of myself as i lay still . slowly more and more of myself begins to solidify in my mind , arms , were they my arms , lay at my sides . toes come along next , an experimental twitch , i swear i feel the electrical impulse travel from my artificial brain . the small movement sets off a chorus of excited noises from the team of scientists i can now recall being present . my eyes are the last part of my body that i become aware of . but what am i now ? am i the same as i have been ? my eyes snap open , the arm that raises in front of me barely registers as mine . smooth and unmarred skin stretched tight , no sign of wounds or scars . i have been through hell . i have survived beyond reason . and now i am finally whole have a seat frank  dr. lipshitz said . newline newline  alright  i timidly responded . i lowered myself down to the soft leather couch beside me .  do i lay down or what ?  i asked . newline newline  whatever makes you comfortable  , he responded . newline newline  i  ll lay down . you live as long as i have and your joints aren  t what they used to be.  i swung my legs onto the couch crossing my left leg over my right . i folded my hands over my chest and closed my eyes .  alright doc , let  s do this.  newline newline  i want you to relax and listen to the sound of my voice . concentrate on me and only me . you should feel safe and secure on the couch beside me.  newline newline after a few minutes of listening to his soothing voice , i was under . newline newline  you claim to be immortal . is this the case frank ?  newline newline  yes . i  ve been alive for over 2000 years . i  ve witnessed everything . the birth of christ , the crusades , the founding of america . all of it.  newline newline  very interesting  i heard him scribble into his notebook .  alright frank . let  s go back to the beginning . where did this all start ? go back to your earliest memory  newline newline  i  m on a farm i  m doing the chores to help the family.  newline newline  that  s good . is anyone else there ?  newline newline  yes . my brother johnathan . he  s 2 years younger than me . we  re shucking corn.  newline newline  how are you feeling at this point in your life ?  newline newline  i  m happy . really happy . johnathan is too . we  re talking about super powers . i said i would want to fly . johnathan said he wants to live forever  a smile crept over my face . i forgot about johnathan . i forgot how much i loved my little brother newline newline  that  s great frank . what else is happening ?  newline newline  i see a figure staggering up to us . he has something in his hand . it  s my father.  my father i don  t remember my father at all i forgot i even had a father newline newline  what  s he doing frank ?  newline newline  he  s yelling yelling at me.  newline newline  why is he yelling at you frank ?  newline newline  i did something wrong i broke something i think i can  t remember he has a knife in his hand.  i began to sweat .  i forgot about this . i had blocked this from my memory . i don  t like this.  newline newline  it  s ok frank , you  re still safe with me . what happens next ?  newline newline  he  s grabbing me by my collar . i  m off the ground and he  s shaking me and screaming in my face i feel the blade against my throat.  i began to squirm in my seat .  johnathan is yelling my father is hit in the head by some corn . johnathan is trying to stop him my father throws me to the ground on my face . i look up and see him grab johnathan i  m stunned and i can  t move . i blink and see red on the ground next to me . i look at johnathan and he has blood next to him to my father starts walking back to the house  at this point tears are streaming down my face . why did i forget about this . how did i forget about this ? newline newline  i crawl over to johnathan and hold him in my arms . i tell him he  s going to be ok. he  s shaking . there  s blood everywhere he tells me he  s scared i tell him not to be because i am there . i tell him to talk about super powers again i tell him one day we  ll have them . i tell him one day he  ll be immortal . he laughs and coughs .  maybe you can be immortal for me ,  he says . i start to cry i hear sirens in the background.  newline newline  that  s enough for today frank . when i count to three you will resume regular consciousness . one two three.  newline newline my eyes shot open as i sat upright . i swung my legs over the couch back onto the floor and rest my head in my hands and sob . the doctor reaches out his wrinkled hand to attempt to comfort me , but i am inconsolable .  you did great work today frank . you made a breakthrough.  he tells me . i don  t care . i don  t want to have breakthroughs if it reminds me of what happened .  i  ll call the orderly to take you back to your room.  newline newline the doctor picks up the phone and calls the front desk . i  m shaking , but i  m not cold . i put my jacket back on and wait to be escorted back . my regular nurse walks in along with the orderly . the doctor addresses her directly .  we made some real progress today susan . i think we found out the root of his  immortality  . i  ll review it with you at our meeting at 12.  newline newline the orderly gingerly helps me to my feet and escorts me back to my room . my room is safe . i  m happy to be there . in my room i am comfortable and he can  t get to me . in my room no one can hurt me . in my room , i am immortal . newlinewas this posted twice on accident ? i posted in the other one but might as well consolidate : newline newline  son , your mother and i had a talk and we ve decided that you need to move out . you re 45 , have no job , and having been living in our basement for the last 20 years . its time to grow up .  newline  dad , where do you expect me to go ? like you said i do nt have a job or a place to live .  newline  well , i know that , but we re giving you 30 days to find something to support yourself , its time to grow up .  newline  you do realize that the employment rate for each new generation has hovered around 20  for the last few decades , right ? literally 80  of the people do nt have jobs . there are nt enough to go around . automation has reduced the number of jobs out there and with people now living to almost 150 people are nt giving up the jobs they had .  newline  son , you re exaggerating . i gave up my job decades ago , the economy is healthy and nobody lives forever .  newline  you gave up your job because you made millions by 90 and now just live off your interest . you ve been living off your investments for almost half a century just like all your friends . do you not realize that most people do nt have that kind of money and actually have to work for a living ? there s plenty of 130 year olds that ca nt afford to take a day off . the economy is not healthy , its shit . the income disparity between the wealthy and the poor is huge and becoming greater every day , there simply is nt enough to go around now that everyone lives forever and hoards all their wealth and do nt contribute to society anymore . you live off in this walled off castle with your wealth friends and do nt see the massive slums growing everywhere filled with people who have nothing and will never have anything because there literally is nt enough to go around . you re delusional . you think you deserve what you have and all you did to get it was be born at the right time to be able to get a job and save some money . if you make me leave here i ll just be another one of them , living in squalor and filth .  newline  oh stop being dramatic . i do too contribute to society , i spend my money all the time . who else would support those car dealerships and all the jobs they provide if i did nt buy them ? that art gallery down the street would go out of business too ! i ve supported you as well , stopping you from becoming a drain on society like all the lazy fools out there .  newline  dad , our society is on the brink of collapse and you re too blind to see it . people are desperate , the capitalistic system does nt work when there is nt enough to do nor enough resources to feed and clothe everyone . when the people have nothing to lose , they wo nt care about putting their lives on the life for a chance at a better future . maybe not today , but soon , you ll see those lazy fools climbing over your gates coming for you and you re too blind to see it .  newline  let them come , we re prepared . we have the guns and the robots , what do they have ? dirt ? filth ? desperation ? we do nt need them to keep civilization running , we have robots to do that . 30 days son , you have 30 days to get on your feet and make something of yourself . if you ca nt cut it in this world then thats all on you , and i wo nt support a lazy fool even if they re blood .  saw the writing prompt and a vague idea formed in my head . just started writing and this is what i got . only slightly edited and reviewed . lem me know what you think .  newline newline knees , elbows , shins , ankes , wrists and forearms didn  t sustain themselves as much as they used to . that was the problem with old age . things got weaker and it became harder and harder just to move around . enjoying the simple things in life was something that i  d learned long ago , and persistence was one of the simple things that people had forgotten . there was a satisfaction from eating healthy and cleansing your body of toxicants the natural way  doing exercise to build resilience  getting wisdom from becoming that bit more frail and weary , rather than just relying on the restart . it was something that took me at least seventy years to figure out . newline newline finally though i was released from my contractual obligations to repay clonegen . i  d finally paid back the twentymillion pricetag that i  d accumulated from all my restarts . they would now allow me to age beyond biofifty all by myself . no more forcible restart for me for being in debt , thank you very much . it was just as good that my time was over . the world around me was getting more and more disgusting by the minute and i didn  t have the life left in me to try and keep up anymore . newline newline it seemed as if people put all their effort into looking exactly perfect , being as fit and healthy as possible for when they turned twentyfive , but all of that determination and drive went out the window when they got the reclone . i mean you  d be stupid to not make yourself the best you could be once you went for your rebase . every time you got a restart you wanted to have the best advantage possible . but it was critical to hold onto at least some of that determination and drive to still become a better person . your rebase wasn  t the best person that you could be . but everyone had seemed to forget that . newline newline sometimes i thought that i was one of the few sane people left in the modern world . perhaps one of the only ones left since the early days of reclone . it had taken me seventy years to get from twentyfive years old to fifty years old . well forty nine years and three hundred and sixty days bio age to be exact . i think . it had been so long since a birthday meant anything to me that i kind of didn  t remember when it was anymore . also add to that fact that i was adopted at an early age , my records sealed and my whole former identity wiped out . in all of my ninety five years of existence on this planet i still hadn  t found out anything about all of that . but i  m pretty sure that the birthday i  d celebrated my entire life was actually a celebration of my adoption day . who knows when i was actually born . newline newline reclone knew though . when my bioindicators showed that was fifty bio years old , the regen tech would be automatically disabled and i wouldn  t be able to restart anymore now that i  d paid off my contract . by my best calculations that was only five days away . however i had no idea when my bio birthday actually was so the regen tech in my head might as well be disabled now . newline newline the thing that got me , that no one talked about because we were all too scared to , was that maybe i died seventy years ago when i got the rebase . i might be longdead and i may be the copy of a copy of a copy of a copy , twenty times over . i look and feel the same , but technically my body dies every time i restart . my memories are collected by a series of chips in my head and replicated into the latest one of my reclones , a perfect copy of my rebase that i did when i was twentyfive . i was technically dead and my memories transferred into another body which looked and reacted the same as i did . but it wasn  t technically me , was it . i had the memories right up to the point of each restart  the most traumatic moments being automatically edited out . that made me , me , right ? newline newline i  d been pondering this for the last twenty five years since the moment i decided that i didn  t like the possible answers . it was the reason why i  d decided not to extend my reclone contract . i was whatever i was , whether that be a clone of a longdead person or myself . it didn  t really matter . i was who , and what , i was and there was nothing that i could do to change it . my choices were what i really was , and i was choosing to live how a person should live . expire into old age . newline newline there was so much removed from life without having to be afraid of being hurt or dying . i couldn  t remember what it was like from before my rebase . but there were so many testimonials on the net of people who had gotten out of their contracts and people who didn  t have a rebase , that the majority of humans were not living a human life anymore . newline newline what  s the point in living life if you  re not really living ? isn  t it just a set of experiences then ? i  d had enough of experiences and was choosing to start living my life . even though it was a lot harder as my almost fifty bio year old self than it was in my twentyfive bio year old rebase . newline newline i  d always been fascinated by birds and flying my entire life though . but horrifically scared of flying as well . for no good reason , obviously there was nothing to be scared about . any kind of aircraft crash would only cost me twomillion dollars in debit , with an unlimited time to pay it off . and most of that would be covered by insurance because of the accidental nature of my restart anyway . if there was one constant thing throughout my life though , other than restart , was that i was always dreaming of flying . i had the urge to feel the air surrounding me , to be as close to weightless as possible . to be able to be like a bird and swoop around the sky on a whim . but i  d avoided flying on an aircraft as much as possible . i had only done it a few dozen times in my ninetyyear life to date . newline newline so here i was . seven kilometres above the earth  s surface staring out the window at the domain that would become my home for ten minutes . vast , empty , air . the wingsuit that i was wearing suited me to a tee . it was made of a series of dark metallic scales with white and red ornate patterns over my back and running down my legs . the parachute on my back was not even as close to being as heavy as i thought . i had the impression that it would slow me down and make me sluggish . not the case at all . newline newline my stomach felt as if it was going to come out of my mouth . reasonable thought had left my mind . what  s worse was that i knew it as well . i still hadn  t learned to control myself in the midst of my fears . i  d been meaning to put some effort into getting way more mental control for about a decade , but i  d never gotten around to it . with my new lifespan , being less than infinite , it was really something that i should go and do . newline newline the instructor was in front of me giving me the last of the instructions . but it was like he wasn  t speaking english . i could barely hear him over the beating of my heart in my chest and just general lack of comprehension . and this was just from being on a plane . let alone getting out of the aircraft . in what seemed life five seconds he pulled on the straps on my parachute , turned and opened the door and gestured for me to go to it . newline newline somehow i put one foot in front of the other and approached the door . it was sheer , stupid , stubbornness that kept me doing it . i peaked my head towards the opening and shuddered involuntarily . newline newline it occurred to me that these may be the last moments of my life if something went wrong . i have no idea if i  m still eligible for a restart or not , or whether the clock has ticked by and i  m now on borrowed time . i also didn  t know if i was a copy in a long line of copies of myself at my rebase or if i was my actual self who had managed to cheat death for seventy odd years . in the end i was my choices . i could choose to be afraid of this situation and what i was about to do . or i could choose to not be afraid . it was all a series of choices after all . and what would it make me if i chose to be afraid and chose to jump out anyway . wouldn  t that be better ? it was time for me to start living , even if these may be the last moments of my life . so i jumped . newline i m sorry , sir , but this property has already been bought  newline newline  what ? that ca nt be right . i saw this property was for sale two days ago !  newline newline  no sir , that would be the one down the street . they do look very similar .  newline newline  bullshit . i drove past this house before and it clearly stated  for sale :  180  newline newline  it was a firstcomefirstserve deal , sir . someone came just before you did  newline newline  oh for goodness sake then . who bought bow street then ?  newline newline  she did , sir  and the banker pointed to the lady next to me , holding up the card for bow street and smiling . newline newline   58 , if you please .  mwuahahahahahahahaha  tears dripped from my chin as i struggled to breathe in between my bouts of laughter . with a great breath i stood up and straightened my lab coat and ran my fingers through my hair before wiping my glasses with a kerchief in my chest pocket . newline newline the other scientists seemed a little terrified . clearly of this device we ve created . these scientists did nt actually do much at all , but they had spirit and that s why i kept them around ! newline newline  jenkins !  i shouted with glee across the lab ,  you had the wonderful idea of giving it a steel blue lens ! it does nt even need a lens ! you get the first go .  fear subsided to excitement for jenkins as he laid back on the medical bed and stuck his head into a large metal sphere with wires sticking out from random places at odd angles . why did we use a medical bed , anyway ? with the amount this project cost we could have ground ivory for cushioning . newline newline with a hum and many whirs the machine was entirely functional . in my pacing i spoke ,  gentlemen , this is only the beginning . who would have thought that there is a consciousness  space that spans through a few microdimensions ? not are we only able to locate and experience any consciousness at will , granted it is currently random , but we have proved a method for information travel through nonspace ! i cant wait to bring my bicycle through there !  i cherished that bicycle . i usually brought it into the lab with me . i kissed it and held it for a few moments . the other scientists stared with their mouth agape , clearly deeply moved by my great compassion for even inanimate ordinance . i began to laugh ,  we will literally be moving through the minds of those who are conscious !  newline newline jenkins suddenly pulled his head from the machine and held his head with his hands , in tears . i love when others have a passion for science .  there , there , jenkins . we all agree that the motion of science is as beautiful as the mountains .  newline newline  excuse me ,  he paced his breathing ,  i did not realize how poor of a condition the rest of the world is in . it is so much different when you see it with your own eyes , through the eyes of another .  he removed himself from the medical bed and sat limply against a nearby glass wall . in curiosity another one of the scientists , tim , decided to give it a go . he laid there for approximately 30 minutes while periodically clicking a remote installed to the arm of the medical bed . shortly after he finished he joined jenkins . it was my turn ! i too laid on the medical bed and stuck my head into the consciosphere and at first it was dark . newline newline in a brief moment the world lit up ! a full sensation of breath on strangers tongue , birds chirping into this stranger s ears , his fatigue of his muscles and thoughts from his mind . i did nt understand the words of this language but i understood the feeling . it was a hiker ! i was quite the fan of geography . seemed to be from somewhere in milaysia . newline newline click newline newline ah yes , how lives are made ! no interest to me . newline newline click newline newline the mind of a baby ? nothing but dirt everywhere . lots of discomforts but the baby is not crying . interesting . newline newline click newline newline someone driving somewhere in north america ... newline newline click newline newline ... ahahahaha ! i m a lizard ! of course they re in here . newline newline click newline newline deeply worried about money , newline newline click newline newline hmmmm . lsd , i think it is . newline newline click newline newline pain so much pain . this man has been shot . sorry , woman . so much fear . everything is dark . maybe a short in the control panel ? newline newline click newline newline oh . okay so that woman is either dead or unconscious . interesting ! hey , what s this ? i m looking at my own body ? what are the odds of this ? i suppose it s actually likely to happen since these minds are in close proximity to my own . what s this ? jenkins thinks i m a madman that dresses atrociously ? i pulled my head from the machine and shouted to jenkins , newline  hey ! stop thinking that !  newline newline his eyes were extremely wide . i stuck my head back into the machine . so much fear . not even my thoughts are safe from this madman ? !  i pulled my head back from the machine and winked at him . newline newline click newline newline click newline newline click newline newline click newline newline       newline newlinewe ve existed a long time . pretty much every bad thing you ve ever seen happen , the ones you did nt see , and a plethora more you ve never heard of , we re behind it all . we re the ones who made you trip in the hallway last week . we sent those towers into those buildings . we destroyed that dam in china . we have great power ... but only when we re using it to do horrible things . newline newline do nt believe me ? that s alright . that s good , actually . people should always believe they have the power to make their lives as they see fit , even if that belief is sometimes tragically incorrect . newline newline you ll have to forgive me if i sound arrogant when i tell you that there is nothing you can do to stop us from visiting horrors upon you . it is not pride , simply a statement of fact . take some solace , at least , in that our code dictates that we must act randomly . every single one of us , from the weakest of mischiefs , to the most powerful of atrocities , after we have performed our deed , must vanish to a new , random place . you are as likely to be visited by an atrocity acting through a suicide bomber as that bomber is to be visited by a mischief who causes him to wet his pants , and vice versa . newline newline it is not a game to us . it is our responsibility . it s what we were made for . fortune and misfortune are two sides of the same coin . newline newline but i choose to defy our code . so how , you ask , will i use my power for evil to do something heroic ? newline newline i ca nt , not directly . but to you masses gathered before me , i hope that when i split the earth between you , and the tyranny that oppresses you refuses to aid your wounded and dying , that you rise up against them and make something better of this nation . newline newline i will kill thousands , indiscriminately . the soldier and the peasant will fall just the same to my earthquakes . maybe i ca nt be the hero , but the rules do nt forbid me from bringing about the circumstances from which heroes rise .i do nt understand how or why it went down so low . i checked the palm of my hand and saw it in that plain black font . 10000 karma . newline newline  shorty , what re you gon na do ?  my friend ped asked me over discord . i had just signed in , hair still messy and teeth unbrushed . a normal routine . i stared blindly at the projected screen on the palm of my hand , fixing my headset as i opened up my browser on my desktop to navigate to reddit.com , maybe it was a mistake i thought . newline newline  i ... i do nt know ,  i frowned , my hands starting to clam up and my heart beat speeding up faster . newline newline  did you post anything bad ?  ped inquired . i shook my head , dumbfounded . newline newline  no . last comment i posted was in raww about how cute a cat was . would that put me under ? i m freaking out , ped . what do i do ?  i replied , looking at my profile . i went to my recent comments tab and read down the line , not seeing anything that would fuck up my karma so bad . when i looked again , that s when i caught it . a comment i never made , or at least did nt remember making . score hidden . click to see more .  was in place of the upvotes . the comment was simple .  what a disgusting creature ,  printed in big bold letters . i clicked on the post and almost screamed . i never said that . newline newline  you there , shorty ?  chimed in my good friend travis . newline newline  someone hacked me .  i replied , closing my eyes . newline newline  what ?  the two replied in unison . newline newline  someone hacked me and edited my comment about the cute cat and called it disgusting . it s gotten over twelve thousand dislikes . and counting . holy shit you guys , this is bad ...  i stated , leaning back in defeat . everyone knew that people who had negative karma disappeared  from public . never to be seen or heard ever again . my scummy ex boyfriend went on a drunk tangent one night and commented nasty things on different posts and posted some nasty things in different subreddits that got him negative , only to stop drunk calling and texting me two days later . no one has heard from him since . newline newline  someone s trying to murder you ...  travis murmured . i swallowed the lump that had formed in my throat . newline newline  why ? what did i do wrong ?  i asked . i had to get it back up .  i got ta go , guys ,  i said . newline newline  where ?  ped questioned . newline newline  to get my karma back up ,  i replied through gritted teeth . i got up and disconnected from discord , throwing my headset down . i had a plan . that plan ? to go to local cat cafes and dog parks and local bakeries to take some of the cutest and most relatable pictures that reddit had ever seen . i had no time to waste , i had 47 hours until i would be dead . we all thought it was just a joke .  he typed .  just a meme . but i ve looked through it all . never once has there been a post after one of them . i investigated many of the accounts . i could nt find out who most of them were . i m sure some great private investigator could have managed , but it s easier just to look at another one . whenever i did find out who was posting with a given account name , it was someone who had just disappeared . newline newline  but this time , i ve laid a trap for him . he wo nt take me alive . candlejack , let s see you  newline newline someone grabbed the man s left hand , holding his thumb on the dead man s switch .  if you re going to try to trap me , you should nt announce it like that . you know i can hear you type my name . did you think i could nt read the rest of your message ? you know i can cross the country in seconds . did you think you could let go of a button before i get to you ? newline newline once the man was incapacitated , candlejack returned to the message in progress . nobody would repeat a name they ve never heard before . so as candlejack always did , he added an ellipsis and hit  save  . your daddy s not coming back ,  said the monster under the bed . newline newline a wan moonlight shone through the collapsed roof , lining edges in white , but otherwise the room was dead dark . every lamp , every streetlight , every building in the world had been hollowed out and left empty . isabelle curled tighter around her precious water bottle and screwed her eyes shut . newline newline  he said he d be back ,  she whispered .  i just need to wait here and be safe .  newline newline  it s been two days , isabelle . and i ve always known when your parents were coming , have nt i ? you d call for them and before they d come in i d hide myself away . they d look under the bed and in the closet and they d never find a thing .  the thing under the bed pulsed , and isabelle gasped and huddled tighter , trying to get as far away as she could from the edges .  well i m not hiding now , am i ?  a wrist bumped against the underside of the bed . claws raked across the floorboards .  your daddy s not coming back . and you ca nt stay in that bed forever .  newline newline  why did nt you die ?  isabelle said .  everyone else died . why did nt you ?  newline newline the monster paused and hummed reflectively .  same reason you did nt die and your daddy did nt die , i suppose . pure blind chance . someone s got to be the last one left .  newline newline it stretched and made the floorboards creak , made the window frames rattle .  and is this what you re going to do , as the last one left ? just lie in that bed forever , waiting for a daddy who s never coming back ?  newline newline isabelle took a long shuddering breath . she felt like all her tears had dried out .  i m lying right here ,  she said .  why do nt you come out and get me ?  newline newline the monster chuckled , and then was silent . newline newline  it s been two days ! come get me ! come get me !  she sprung upright in bed and pounded the worn mattress with both fists . she realized she was crying , tears hot on her cheeks .  i hate you ! i know my daddy s not coming back ! i know that ! so come get me already , you stupid monster !  newline newline she screamed herself out and collapsed back on the mattress . between her sobs , she could hear the monster breathing , hear its heart beating . she splayed herself out on the bed , her limbs suddenly boneless . there was nothing but her and the monster and the night air . newline newline  you do nt have to leave the bed ,  the monster finally said . newline newline isabelle did nt reply . newline newline  i can come out , if you want me to . you can just lie there and close your eyes , and i ll come out and swallow you down in one bite . you wo nt feel a thing . is that really what you want ?  newline newline isabelle sniffled and wiped her snot off on the pillow .  i m so scared . i do nt know what to do .  newline newline the monster chuckled , low in its throat .  of course you re scared . i m scared too . the world s over . you re the last kid left . what am i going to do after you re gone ?  newline newline isabelle was astonished to find that she could still break out into a giggle fit .  you re  you re hungry too ? because all the kids  hee hee !  newline newline  of course i m hungry ! i ve always been hungry ! you think the world ending made things any better for me ?  newline newline maybe she was going crazy , isabelle thought . crazy people kept laughing at things that were nt funny , did nt they ? but maybe being crazy was nt so bad anymore . it could nt be , not after everything else that had happened . newline newline  okay ,  she said , when she could finally talk without giggling again .  i m going to get out of bed . but you come out too , okay ? i want to see what you look like .  newline newline the darkness hesitated .  fair enough .  newline newline isabelle lowered her feet over the edge , within reach of the shadows underneath . she hesitated , her toes dancing tiptoe over the floor , and then dropped the full way down , instinctively skipping away and out of reach . newline newline  are you sure you want to see me ?  came the voice behind her .  last chance to back out .  newline newline isabelle turned to face it .  come on out .  her voice came out a squeak . newline newline bigknuckled hands reached out from the darkness , embedded their claws in the floor and pulled something closer .  you want to know the real reason i did nt die ?  a pair of red eyes lit up . a row of teeth gleamed .  because i m your monster , isabelle . i m the worst thing in the world . and i know the world is very , very bad right now . but there s always something worse , is nt there ? and that s me , and there s always going to be me .  newline newline the shadow unfolded itself , rose to loom over her . its fur was patchy and threadbare . its chest was sunken , its limbs long and scrawny . it had eaten even more poorly than she had . it was emaciated , its face stretched across its skull to form a hungry desperate grin . newline newline isabelle looked it over , touched its skin and saw the sores . she looked up into its eyes . they were bloodred and wet , like a pair of healing wounds . she shivered .  you re not that scary ,  she said . newline newline the monster s mouth twisted into a smile .  i m the worst thing in the world ,  it repeated .  and i ll always be here . so what now ?  newline newline isabelle played with the hem of her shirt , twisting it between her fingers .  if you eat me , then you ll be all alone out here .  newline newline  that s true .  the monster made no move towards her , simply hung in place like a shadow . newline newline  do you ... do you think my daddy s still alive ?  newline newline  ah .  the breath rattled through its chest like a shudder .  he might be . he might not be . all i know for sure is that he is nt coming back .  newline newline  but we should find out . even if he is dead . we should find out what happened to him .  newline newline it stroked a long finger underneath its chin , and then nodded .  that s true . it s very sensible , actually . it s a reasonable thing to do .  newline newline isabelle turned to the window . the first faint light of dawn was filtering through the sky .  let s go find him then . everyone knew it was coming , the perfect bioweapon , available to anyone that could get a sample . newline newline it went down almost like stephan colbert predicted . newline newline except the circus lions were only a distraction . newline newline the isis terrorists hired the opera troupe , knowing that the bus would break down right in front of the cdc . one c sharp and all the glass in the building shattered , releasing the ebola samples , which were then scooped up by the el nio , and then it rained ebola right on top of the unsuspecting people below . newline newline only a lucky few survived the death rain , and one thing was clear , no opera singers would ever again be permitted to endanger human health and safety .i am a warrior of jinn , and i have failed . i m a failure . i had one purpose , one function , and i failed . i took as many as i could with me . i performed my duty , and though i failed , my purpose was excised and fulfilled . my life was complete . i did everything i was supposed to do . everything . i fought , i killed , and i destroyed . so , why am i here ? what is this place ? why am i not in the paradise of forever ? newline newline their faces  i see them all . husbands , wives , daughters , sons . children . their ghosts haunt me in this place . their frail figures drift like emissaries of suffering . i see nothing but darkness , shadowy figures dancing upon the walls of this chamber , and smell nothing but the stench of death , decay , and disillusionment . i hear their screams , they echo for eternity here , and i fear they will never go away . i now fear eternity more so than forever . i fear i have done something terrible , for i am not in the land that was promised to me . this must be the cave  the place where the souls of those whose purpose goes unfulfilled rot in agony for eternity . forever is now only a dream , one from which i will never have the opportunity to taste . this must be hell . newline newline i regret . i regret so many things . i do nt think i can regret for eternity . i do nt think i can long for forever . newline newline i anger . they lied to me . all of them . their faces haunt me too , but theirs i will cherish , and upon my refurbishment , i will find them , and make them suffer . i will end them , as they ended me . newline newline i will join these demons and become the vessel that shuttles death upon their doorstep , and when i arrive ... newline newline their purpose will be to die . but , but i thought you loved me ?  newline newline her eyes were trying to hold back her sadness , but she was unable to and a fat tear streamed down her face . it was dark in the cave they were hiding out in , but the firelight illumined the path the salty water took down her cheek . she brushed the tear and turned away from adam . newline newline  charlotte , i do love you . i love you more than the world itself . where would i be without you ? please don  t think i  m ungrateful for the things that you  ve done for me  newline newline and he was grateful . he truly was . most virgins didn  t make it past the age of 28 . they were hunted and executed without mercy by those who could wield the power . without charlotte  s help , adam would never have been able to escape the city . newline newline  oh , you love me , but not enough to show me . i see how things are  , charlottte  s voice was filled with contempt . and rightfully so thought adam . this women had risked her life for their love , left everything she had and everyone she knew . and now here he was , spitting on her sacrifice . newline newline  charlotte , my birthday is in 2 days  if we could just wait until then  newline newline but charlotte cut him off ,  so you can get your precious powers and then leave me ! don  t lie to me adam , i  ve seen the way you look at other women . once you have the power and no longer need me you  ll just cast me off to the side . i can  t believe i was so stupid . i should have never let myself be this vulnerable  . charlotte was shaking her head and sobbing . newline newline  no , i don  t even really care about the powers . i just  newline newline but charlotte shot a glare at him and once gain interrupted ,  adam , i don  t care about the powers either . i just want to live a happy and simple life . i want to wake up next to you and fall asleep next to you . i want to laugh and grow old with you . i  m not saying what we have will be perfect . but i think it can be perfect for us.  she turned away again and the firelight let off a soft glow against the profile of her face . her big and beautiful wet eyes were glistening . her chest quivering in obvious pain beneath her simple white dress . newline newline adam was at a loss for words . since his mid 20s , he had made the decision to abstain until he had the gift bestowed upon him . charlotte was the only woman he had ever met who made him question his choice . she was beautiful , but more than that she understood adam . when he was with her , he felt.. he felt at home . he knew he wouldn  t leave her once he got his powers , but adam was also starting to see her point . he sat in cold silence for a while . the minutes seemed to stretch on for hours . charlotte remained quiet , save the occasional sobs that escaped from her . newline newline adam firmly came to a decision . he knew what he wanted in his life and he knew what was truly important . he stood up and walked around the fire pit to charlotte  s side . newline newline  i love you charlotte , and i will do anything to prove my love to you  . newline newline adam grabbed her face and kissed her deeply . charlotte broke away and looked up at him . the edges of her mouth slowly turned up . she smiled at him , and once again adam was home . they embraced each other , made gentle love and fell asleep in each other  s arms . newline newline  newline newline the next day adam awoke with a start . he was cold and saw that the fire had reduced to smoldering coals during the night . i must get some more firewood he thought as he sat up . newline newline he jumped . there was a man sitting in the cave . on a golden throne . adam had no idea how that could have gotten there , and he had no idea how this man had found him  but he instantly recognized him . newline newline baltazar was sitting in a forest green silk robe . his long blonde hair cascaded behind his back . a glow of warmth surrounded him despite the chill that the cave gave off . this man radiated authority and a stern , yet smug smile was etched on his face as he stared at adam . a white raven sat perched on baltazar  s shoulder also stole a glance at adam and gave a short caw . newline newline but the baltazar wasn  t alone . behind him was another person . she was robed in a tight black dress which showed off her bodice . a wicked sneer grew upon her face as adam awoke and saw her . she had an arm wrapped over baltazar  s shoulder and her hand was lying on his chest , caressing it . charlotte  s beauty was amplified as she stood next to the great wizard and a sinking feeling began to rise in adam  s stomach . newline newline baltazar spoke , his deep voice echoing throughout the cave ,  good morning adam  newlinemy wife and i for years have had a long standing argument about best authors . she likes pratchett , but adores nora roberts . newline newline newline newline i happened to meet terry pratchett at a book signing for  thud  . he had a talk and then signed books . as he was signing my copy i explained our little competition and asked him to sign it to  jennifer   my wife  , and add that my books are better than nora roberts . newline newline newline newline terry laughed , and said that he adored nora roberts . he signed the book  to jennifer . i really am almost as good as nora roberts  newline newline newline now i am really sad . i miss him , and i hope someone special continues the diskworld novels .i stared at the dick shaped pillars ,  the spear of zthluth , you have to be fucking kidding me .  i stared at the cavernous space then walked into the center of the four pillars , in the center was a pedestal with a stone dildo on it .  this is fucking ridiculous ,  i muttered as i picked it off of the pedestal . as soon as i lifted it up i knew i made a mistake as the ground started shaking ,  welp , the party has started .  i pulled a pink mask out of my bag and put it on , i then kicked off my shoes and put on a pair of bright orange ugg looking boots .  i look fucking idiotic .  that is when i saw something that looked even worse . i bright flaming pick my little pony walked out of the entrance that i had come in second ago , it let out a ... meow .  well mabye it looks worse then me . i have this in the bag .  then it breathed fire at me , thankfully i was kind of ready as time slowed down and the pink mask glowed more , the uggs sparkled and rainbows boosted me in the air . i landed on the pony s backside and drived the dildo up its ass . when the tip in the dildo was sucked fully in .  what the fuck ?  i muttered . the pony kicked me off and i was slammed against the wall . i saw the pony looming over me when a look of sheer pain spread across its face . it was then that the pony exploded in a splatter of guts and more leaving nothing more than a massive over sized dildo on the floor .  well damn ,  i said as it shrunk down to a regular dildo , i picked it up put all my gear in my bag and started to walk out of the room . that s when my phone buzzed .  now what ?  i muttered . i looked at the picture showing a red teddy bear with the caption  turns in to ursa .   alright ,  i sighed  time to get another one . it started back on earth , in the days where only had one world . we found something , a device left behind by beings long since gone . the stone could put out power infinitely , we no longer had to depend on scarce resources for electricity . we thought we had solved everything , that we could fix our world . and we did , we were no longer at war with each other , we had peace . the trouble was , the stone could only generate so much power in a given time frame , and we were spreading it thin , and each generation our needs only grew . newline newline we started searching for more stones , we spread across the stars searching system after system . we found it , on a small world . the beings there were primitive by our standards , industrialised but preftl . we estimated a total of 8 billion souls . they were using a stone to power their cities , they were heavily reliant on the stone . we just came down and took it . it wasn  t hard , their weapons were no match for ours , we slaughtered their guards and took it for ourselves . humanity could grow again . the beings of that world , however , were plunged into an age of darkness . without power , all their infrastructure was useless . sure they had batteries which stored power for a while , but after that it was chaos . half the population died within the first year , lack of food in the nonagricultural areas . the other half were in all out war . we didn  t care . a few people made a fuss , but we needed that power . newline newline we survived , for a time , but our population only grew . eventually we needed more and more stones . we kept searching , and we found them and took them . world after world , destroyed by us . until one day we met a race that were as powerful as us , that possessed several stones . the ashen wanted the same thing we did . newline newline the galaxy erupted in war . there were no rules of combat anymore , both sides needed the stones , loss of a single one would mean the deaths of tens of billions . soon others joined in the battle , the natari , the grox , the vohm . death and destruction followed , even the worlds that had no stones became collateral . hell would be paradise compared to the galaxy in the war . newline newline i had enough . i gathered a meeting of the stoneless races , the ones with ftl capabilities . i called upon others , those of the stone races that were also tired of our reliance on themi told them that they needed to unite , they needed to fight , and that i could give them the opportunity . we became the resistance . newline newline we fought them , all of them . they weren  t expecting me and other other defectors at first , we managed to steal a few stones , enough to cripple them . then the resistance fleet would come in and destroy the rest . we went world after world , destroying the stone races . newline newline we won , we gathered all the stones and launched them straight into the nearest black hole . we never found out who built them , or who spread them across the worlds . perhaps they were destroyed in a war for power , just like we were . we  ll probably never find out . newline newline humanity is gone now . the  great terran rebublic  is no more , without the stones we could nt sustain our populations , and those that survived fought back with all their might . there  s only a few thousand of us left . the galaxy might just have a chance now . newline where did you hear about that , honey ?  i said to my 5yearold daughter .  in my book i got from school . do you want to see it ?  i nodded . i was intrigued  what book would talk about trees , especially nowadays ? she took it out of her bag , and handed the thin paperback book to me . it was called , the green memory  and pretty much described trees and what happened to them , in the famous paper purge of the 2030s , when i was a young girl . one of my earliest memories was going to the conservation centre in the middle of london , and being amazed at one solitary tree , proudly standing uncontested , seeing as there were no others in 50 miles . afterwards , i was showed pictures from only 10 years previously of columns of trees going on for miles , and wondered what could have been . all of these memories came back to me at once , and it was slightly overwhelming . however , my daughter was still sitting next to me on the train carriage , waiting for an answer . i took a deep breath and began to speak .  when mummy was a little girl , there were these things called trees , and they were made out of wood .  i looked at the arm rest , made of wood  , and spoke again .  not like the wood on your chair at school , that s different , but this wood was better . this wood had these green things called leaves on it . they turned yellow and brown towards christmas , and then they would come back in march and april .  my daughter looked puzzled .  why are nt they here any more ?   trees , when they were chopped down , made paper , like in your books , and people really needed paper , so they chopped down more and more trees , until eventually , there were none .  her expression had turned from puzzlement to sadness .  okay thanks , mummy .   come now , do nt cry , it s not so bad .  but i was nt sure if that was true . newline newline newline sidenote : this is my first ever wp , and i do nt know much about this sub yet , so bear with me , please . greg , you are completely safe here in my office  newline   k  newline  do you want to tell me about anything ?  newline  not really  newline  you don  t want to talk about your high school at all ?  newline  not really  newline  why don  t we start with fifth grade , that was four years ago , tell about a day in the life of fifth grade greg  newline  why ?  newline  just humor me greg , i want to know more about who you are  newline  i woke up , went to school , had pizza for lunch and came home.  newline  what happened after you came home  newline  i don  t know , i played video games.  newline  now what happened the next year , when you left your elementary school and went to middle school ?  newline  nothing  newline  i  m sure something must have happened , new teachers , new school , new classes  newline  yeah , that all happened.  newline  did you like middle school ?  newline  no  newline  can you tell me why you didn  t like middle school ?  newline  i don  t know  newline  were other kids mean to you ?  newline  no  newline  ok , i see that you don  t want to talk about middle school , what about high school . you are a freshman this year , want to tell me about high school ?  newline  no  newline  look , greg , i know you have been through something fairly traumatic , and i just want to help out , but you have to talk to me  newline  why ?  newline  because it is important that you don  t bury these emotions . sadness , anger , they can be confusing and i want to help you understand them.  newline  i feel fine  newline  are you sure greg ?  newline  yeah , pretty sure man  newline  i have worked with war vets greg , i know that death has an effect on people.  newline  good for you.  newline  i  m here to listen greg  newline  can i go ?  newline  yes greg , but do you want to go ?  newline  yes , i want to go.weirdo  newlineunaware that there had ever been security clearance levels at west liberty town hall , darryl followed public affairs committee member cindy wilkie down the hall , sidestepping the broken xerox phaser that stood as a monument to summer recreation guides of years past . the 2002 edition had been a particular success , explaining the five different framed copies hung at various gathering points throughout the second floor office . as requested in an alloffice memo , it was now considered good etiquette to not discuss the ultimate fate of child cover star timmy russo , here pictured recreating with the same town farm animals that would eventually conspire to relieve him of his left leg . newline newline  close the door behind you , i ll get the blinds ,  cindy demanded as she walked towards the window that overlooked the parking lot and newlyinstalled single stream recycling bin . darryl lightly pulled the door to conference room b shut .  what year is it ?  she queried , looking into darryl s eyes . newline newline  2016 ?  newline newline  no , what year is it ?  newline newline  i ... do nt see what you re getting at ,  darryl replied , confused and wishing he had taken another bite of his bagel before agreeing to follow cindy into the poorlylit conference room and current storage space for the 96 little league trophies that were not handed out due to a players strike . newline newline  it s 2016 .  newline newline  that s wha ...  newline newline  ... the fortyfifth anniversary of the first confirmed sighting of old joe .  a veritable celebrity in the otherwisenonexistent world of named animal residents of west liberty , the surly snapping turtle had come to occupy the peculiar throne of both beloved curmudgeon and terrifying pond monster , prone to faking a picturesque sunbathing pose before ruthlessly charging a young family s picnic spread . cindy gestured towards a bulging clothcovered table , which darryl had heretofore not noticed on account of the low lighting and the three other bulging clothcovered tables within a few feet of it .  you have to promise not to tell anyone ,  cindy whispered . newline newline cindy yanked the cloth away in dramatic fashion , revealing the snarling mouth of old joe , jaws agape and eyes fixed forward as if a toddler s hot dog andor index finger was within reach .  ah what the !  darryl cried as he jumped backwards , pulling his hands behind him . newline newline  quiet ! calm down , it s just a statue ,  cindy whisperyelled , doing little to calm darryl s pounding heart . she lightly tapped the lifesized replica of old joe with her hand , and darryl winced as part of him still expected the bust to tear of the offending appendage with unbound reptilian disdain .  i had it commissioned for this year s opening day barbecue .  newline newline the annual opening day barbecue marked the beginning of west liberty s summer recreation season . it took place at hodgkin s pond , named after longtime outdoor recreation manager paul hodgkin and not the deadly form of cancerous lymphoma , though he did eventually succumb to the disease . it was one of the most popular events on the schedule , along with the fourth of july fireworks and the fifth of july community trash cleanup .  although the latter was mostly attended by transients who were more focused on collecting redeemable bottles than trash , despite the fact that many were offended that the event s name possibly referred to the homeless community in a disparaging manner .  newline newline  that thing is terrifying ,  darryl stated bluntly , still fixing his eyes on the bronze creature . even from across the room , he seemed certain that the sculptor had sharpened fake old joe s claws to the point that insurance liability coverage would be impossible to neglect . newline newline cindy scoffed .  do nt be such contrary cary ,  referring to local housewife and office injoke cary matthews , who had gained her level of bureaucratic notoriety for campaigning against the town s ban on unleashed cats .  come on , i ve got one more thing to show you , but i had to store it in the basement because it s so big . it s also the 20th anniversary of the great coyote fire of 96 .  newline newline  newline contribute to the reelect cindy wilkie fund and read more stories at rhighpothetically . newlineit s been 100 years , we are ready . the human race was challenged to a fight with an alien race and given 100 years to prepare . they proved to us we were nt ready back then . half of our missiles exploded in their silos . of those that launched , less than 1 in 100 hit something . that something did nt even get scratched . newline newline the aliens spoke to everyone , all over the world , in whatever the local dialect was . we had 100 years to get better at defending ourselves . they would be back and they would take over then . newline newline every government suddenly had something in common with every other government . patent offices were raided . research centers were given nearly unlimited funds . even the craziest ideas were dusted off and explored . technology made leaps and bounds . one hundred years ago , nobody thought that what we discovered was even possible . newline newline we now have antimatter bombs , ion cannons , and space ships , lots and lots of space ships . nearly 80  of able bodied humans  no longer just americans or just russians , or even just arabs ,  humans   male and female alike have been trained up in using these new weapons and devices . we were as ready as 100 years could make us . newline newline the entire previous week was given over to celebrating our readiness . newline newline then the day we prepared for dawned . every weapon was charged and manned . every missile was prepared to launch . clocks everywhere counted down to the appointed meeting . newline newline as the final second ticked away , a bright flash appeared at the expected point in local space . newline newline a voice immediately boomed out  hold your fire ... please !  . newline newline hands twitched on the firing buttons , fingers pulled back on triggers but left the guns unused . every hand everywhere stopped . then the clocks ticked again , and again . time was continuing but the fight we had prepared for had not started . newline newline  we come in peace  newline newline  this time . we are not here to destroy you !  newline newline  it seems that humans beat us last time and we felt it necessary to let you know .  newline newline as before , every human was hearing this in their preferred language . newline newline the voice continued  a virus was transported back to our home world 100 years ago .  newline newline  it infected the entire planet , along with all of our colonies and stations before we even knew about it .  newline newline  once the virus made itself known , it was too late . the death toll was in the trillions . one hundred years later we are still cleaning up the dead and recovering the land and buildings where they died . if it were nt for this ship and the half a dozen others that were found still useable , we would nt have been able to even show up for this meeting .  newline newline a long pause ensued , weapons were lowered , missiles stood down . newline newline the voice began again   less than 1 in 100000 of our people survived . half of them died when the virus made a second attack .  newline newline  it has taken us the past 90 years just to get back into space . the only reason that we managed even that much is because of the records of previous advancements .  newline newline  this ship will go now , if you wish to finish us off , we will not fight back . we even freely give you our location in the galactic arm .  newline newline this was followed by a star map downloaded into our computers with one star highlighted . newline newline another long pause was finally broken by a human voice   is there anything we can do to help ?  newlinea blinding light appeared at the end of the tunnel , it illuminated the only home i ve ever known . suddenly i felt myself falling . my brethren and i hit a hard surface . we scattered about , motionless and defenseless . i watched as my brethren are lifted into the air and bent into circles . in awe i noticed they began to emit a soft light . after what seemed like a lifetime , i felt myself being lifted in the air . i was bent in ways i never thought was possible , and forced back and forth in unnatural ways . but instead of just becoming a circle of light like my brethren , i felt my insides slowly ooze out . the last thing i heard was a voice yell  shit i busted this one , got any more glowsticks ?  i was then thrown into an even darker place then i emerged from , this time alone for an eternity . drop the knife !  screamed the officer , pointing his weapon and flashlight at the figure in black . newline newline the eaton eviscerator brought his hands away from the body on the table , exposing a gleaming teninch blade under the bright floodlights . the blade was covered in the blood of the victim on the table , whose heart , lungs , and intestines were no doubt in the plasticlined cardboard box next to the murderer . derek murphy kept his gun trained on the man , while his partner grabbed the radio on his shoulder and called for backup . newline newline  this is carlton . i need all available units at 28th and woodhouse ,  he said .  i ve got the eviscerator . suspect is armed .  newline newline the eviscerator had killed seventeen people so far , ripping out their organs and leaving the corpses with an empty chest cavity and abdomen . the victims were all of different ages , sizes , and races , and it had been almost impossible to determine the eviscerator s modus operandi until one detective had realized the single common denominator : they had all been serial killers . newline newline murphy and carlton were supposed to be questioning a convicted sex offender about a parole violation : he had been spotted too close to a school and somebody had called the police . but when the door was cracked open and there was an empty needle on the ground , the two had entered the house and found the city s most wanted criminal standing over a body in the garage . newline newline the eviscerator looked towards the officer , still holding his hands  and the knife  at chest level .  so , which of us did you come for ?  he asked .  me or him ?  newline newline  drop the knife and put your hands behind your head !  newline newline the serial killer smiled .  i m guessing you came for mr. parker , seeing as you do nt currently have a small army at your backs .  newline newline  i m not going to ask again . put the knife on the ground !  newline newline  i ve got a better idea ,  the eviscerator suggested .  try opening that closet behind you . i promise there are nt any traps .  newline newline carlton and murphy looked at each other , then towards the eviscerator .  what s in the closet ?  carlton asked . newline newline  not what .  who  ,  he replied , giving a knowing smile . newline newline gun at the ready , carlton stood to the side as murphy opened the door , looking over his shoulder as he pointed his weapon at the killer . the man in the butcher s apron might be fast , but there was no way he could get to the officers before murphy could pull the trigger . newline newline  jesus h . fuck !  murph , there s a fucking kid in here !  carlton shouted , and murphy s head turned from the eviscerator for a moment . a little girl , about the age of eight and dressed in a pink tshirt with a flower embroidered on the front , stood in the closet with her hands ziptied to a clothes hanger bar . she stood on two volumes of a dictionary , her small legs too short to reach the ground , with tears on her face and a ball gag in her mouth . newline newline  mr. parker kidnapped little lily today ,  the eviscerator explained .  he gave a rather detailed explanation of what he planned to do to her after i began inserting a scalpel into the tip of his urethra . i ll spare you the details , but the broad strokes are that he planned to thoroughly abuse every one of that poor girl s orifices , then strangle her and cut her body into disposable pieces . and by that , i mean able to be ground up in a sink s disposal grinder .   newline newline  lily ? you re all right , i m officer carlton with the epd ,  carlton reassured her , taking his pocketknife and cutting the girl s restraints . lily fell into the officer s arms , sobbing , as he removed the gag from her mouth .  i want my mommy ,   she wailed . newline newline the killer continued .  while we have such a stellar visual aid , i just want to explain how lucky lily is that i arrived in time . the reason i chose the method of interrogation i did was that it ... well , stuck out to me , if you realize what i m saying . now , i do nt spend as much time as this corpse did contemplating the diameter of little girls  vaginas , but it certainly could nt accommodate mr. parker s   newline newline  stop talking . right now ,  murphy warned , gripping his pistol in both hands as carlton comforted the girl . newline newline  i imagine lily s pain would be comparable to me slowly inserting a knife into the head of your penis . can you even think about that without wincing , officer ? the coldness of steel , the warmth of your blood , the separation of your flesh as the knife cuts away the tiss   newline newline  shut up !  murphy exclaimed , firing a warning shot over the eviscerator s head . newline newline  murph , i m getting the girl out of here ,  carlton said .  backup should be here soon . can you hold him until then ?  newline newline  sure ,  murphy replied , pointing the beretta at the eviscerator s head . newline newline the man with the knife finally ended his train of thought .  all right , new subject . ever heard of the trolley problem ?  newline newline murphy had . it was a famous moral dilemma that involved a hypothetical trolley heading for a track where it would strike and kill ten people . you could pull a lever and divert the trolley onto a different track , where it would kill a single person , but the ethical question it raised was whether your action killed one person or saved nine . newline newline  i have ,  he said , nodding . newline newline the eviscerator nodded .  police officers regularly take lives to save them . i d assume you were one of the people who would pull the lever ?  newline newline the officer nodded again . newline newline  would you agree ,  the eviscerator said , smiling ,  that if you had caught me a week ago , lily would be any better off ?  newline newline he wants me to let him go .   you re not doing this for justice ,  murphy countered .  you kill for pleasure , not ethics !  newline newline  do you think lily cares that she has nt been violently raped and murdered because i love what i do ? intentions matter only to an observer . to a victim , though ... well , they re just grateful they have nt been split in half by a pedophile .  newline newline  i m not going to let you escape .  newline newline  a philosopher would say that s like raping and murdering another four girls . did you even know parker was a serial killer , or that that s how many children he killed ? how long would he have gone on killing if it were nt for my love of violence ?  newline newline  who lives and who dies is nt for you to decide .  newline newline  at least i do a better job of it than mr. parker ,  the eviscerator shot back .  your backup is on its way , and if you want to do what is objectively the right thing , you do nt have much time to let me go . you have colleagues , and you know which ones , who are just as eager to kill somebody as i am . the only difference is that i m a better detective , and i use significantly more due process than they .  newline newline murphy lowered his gun slightly , ruminating on the man s words . if each one of his victims had been a serial killer , he could have saved hundreds of lives . who knows how many innocent men , women , and children were still walking the streets , alive and unharmed , because of this man s psychopathy ? even though he was no different than his victims , did nt the fact that he saved lives count for something ? newline newline but the law was very clear . you could nt let a murderer get away with it , no matter what the reason for his crimes . newline newline  if each one of your victims was about to kill somebody , then you might be able to get a reduced sentence ,  murphy offered . newline newline  you re arresting me ,  the eviscerator muttered . newline newline murphy nodded , holstering his weapon and taking out a pair of handcuffs .  you have the right to remain silent . anything you say   newline newline the eviscerator s eyebrows rose , and he held up the knife , his wrist tilted backwards , ready to throw it .  gun ,  he muttered . newline newline murphy s eyes went wide , and he looked over his shoulder for his backup  newline newline carlton had left with the girl !  newline newline the knife entered murphy s torso , and the eviscerator moved with almost inhuman speed towards him . he grabbed murphy s body as it fell towards the floor , kneeling on top of him , withdrawing the knife , and stabbing it into his abdomen . newline newline  do you know why i killed murderers ?   he hissed furiously through bared teeth as he cut upwards towards the ribcage .  i had confidence the police werent stupid . stupid enough to arrest me , when i m saving people s lives .  stupid enough to put away their gun .   newline newline murphy groaned in pain , trying to hold in his intestines with his hands , as the eviscerator took the gun from his holster . newline newline  prostitutes and the homeless are so much easier to hunt ,  he said .  maybe ,  he continued angrily , running a bloody finger along the weapon s slide ,  i should reconsider my choice of victim . captain  s log , february 26th , 2037 newline newline the construction equipment landed without a hitch  the five step deceleration process was even more successful than expected . project alpha begins at dawn tomorrow . newline newline captain  s log , february 27th , 2037 newline newline while digging the foundation for project alpha , we found something . its a stone structure of some sort , very clearly not a natural occurrence . i have issued an executive order to delay construction and to excavate , converting our colonial objectives into archaeological ones . the landing shuttle will suffice as our home base while we complete this initiative . newline newline captain  s log , march 8th , 2037 newline newline the project is going slower than expected : unfortunately none of our handpicked colonists are archaeologists  this shortcoming needs to be reevaluated for future planetary missions . newline newline captain  s log , april 3rd , 2037 newline newline i am officially requesting several archaeologists and linguists . the evidence clearly points to an ancient martian civilization , and supposedly their writing system is relatively similar to sumerian cuneiform . understanding what this means will change everything we know about our history . newline newline captain  s log , january 6th , 2038 newline newline i am still awaiting confirmation on the specialists that i called for . it  s almost been one year , and i need them here on mars . we  ve continued the excavation , and dug out almost a whole city block . the food supply is decreasing  sergeant barnes has begun a rationing program . i think people are getting a little frustrated with our new objective , but i know that it is of utmost importance , so i will repeat : i need the specialists and i need to know what this all means . newline newline captain  s log , march 4th , 2038 newline newline ignore all requests made by the late captain eckhart . i , sergeant aaron barnes have assumed command , and project alpha will resume immediately . newlineoliver sat with his cup of tea on a table overlooking the paintball field below . his mind drifted back to the war , he d seen a lot . a lot of bad , but a bit of good . newline newline today was his greatgrandchild harry s 14th birthday . harry had asked to go paintballing so the whole family was there . his friends , sister , cousins , aunts , uncles , even his grandparents were there . oliver was the only greatgrandparent  they d even tried to persuade him not to come but he would have none of it . it was his greatgrandchild s birthday and he d be there , that had been the end of it . of course he would nt be playing , while he was still spritely for his age he did nt fancy another hip replacement . so while the rest of the family had gone down to get ready to play or say good luck to harry , he d bought a cup of tea from the cafe and found a nice seat . newline newline there was a whistle and he heard the pop of paintball guns firing , for a moment he was lost in memories of the war . the friends he d lost , the people he d killed , and his family ... newline newline  hello , is this seat taken ?  newline newline oliver was jolted back to the present by the words of a small old man . something about him was familiar but oliver could nt quite place it . newline newline  not at all , please sit  , oliver gestured opposite himself . newline newline  my , times have changed haven  t they ?  the stranger spoke to oliver with a slight german accent newline newline oliver stared at the strange man , that accent , that face now he remembered . newline newline  you !  he shouted suddenly . it was that night , the night he  d always remember . newline newline it was back in the war , back when the allies were being pushed out of france and back across the channel . oliver  s unit was retreating , he  d been separated and was trying to find a way to them . he was just outside what looked like an old home , the roof had caved in from the fighting . newline newline  halt !  a thick german accent yelled . oliver  s stomach turned . a german solider had his pistol pointed at him . for what seemed like forever oliver stood still praying his captor wouldn  t just shoot him . newline newline  vho ahre you ?  the german said in broken english . newline newline oliver was about to answer when they both heard someone crying , a child . he turned to the sound , it was coming from the collapsed home . with a look at the german as if to say  please , let me help  he was ushered into the building at gunpoint . inside was a little girl , she couldn  t have been older than 5 , and she was trapped under a fallen support beam . oliver went to her side , and spoke to her . newline newline  hey , there little girl . what  s your name ?  oliver asked calmly . newline newline  a a anna  , the girl sobbed . newline newline  ok , anna . i  m going to move this off your leg , but it  s going to hurt . i need you to be brave , can you do that for me ?  oliver gestured at the beam and mimed getting it off her , he didn  t know if she understood much english . newline newline  she , nodded slowly  newline newline with both his hands oliver grasped the beam and heaved , it was too heavy . he tried several more times , no luck . just as he was about to give up on freeing anna someone else grasped the beam next to him . it was the german . together with a great heave they pulled the beam off anna who had suddenly become silent when she saw a german solider was helping her . the german silently passed oliver a bag , it had bandages and some kind of antiseptic in it . as oliver bandaged anna  s leg , using a smaller stick the german had found in the rubble as a splint he thought how even here in the middle of all this destruction there was still some humanity . newline newline after fixing anna  s leg as best he could oliver sat down exhausted , and then he noticed in front of him on the floor was the german  s pistol . the german picked it up , and oliver wondered for a second what he would do with it , it was simply placed it back in its holster and forgotten . newline newline  you need to take her ?  the german spoke to oliver  take her und go  . newline newline  why ?  oliver found himself saying for a second but the german responded quickly . newline newline  she is not safe here  he looked at the girl quickly with a look of deep shame . newline newline before he knew it oliver was walking as quickly and quietly as he could through what must have once been a farmer  s field . the small girl clutched in his arms . somehow she  d managed to fall asleep clutching the only thing she had left in the world , as small silver star of david necklace . newline newline  did did she make it ?  the stranger asked hesitantly . newline newline  yes  , oliver said slowly  but her parents  he hated this part , remembering when his unit had captured one of those camps , what they  d done to those poor people , even the children . newline newline the stranger reached over and put his hand on oliver  s hand which was shaking in anger . he gave a nod , he understood . newline newline  so why are you here today ?  the stranger asked oliver hoping to distract him from what were obviously painful memories . newline newline  my greatgrandson  s birthday  , replied oliver pointing toward harry as he dashed into view among the trees below . newline newline  what a coincidence , i  m here with mine greatgranddaughter . not her birthday though , she plays in the local paintball league so she  s practicing today  , he too pointed at the figure of a girl slightly older than harry also in the game . newline newline  sorry , i never ask for your name ?  the stranger asked oliver ,  my name is klaus  . newline newline  oliver  , came the reply . newline newline  listen oliver , i was wondering  klaus was fidgeting  you wouldn  t happen to be able to put me in contact with anna would you ? i would like to meet her after all these years  . before oliver could say anything else klaus continued .  i just , in the war ... i did horrible things . i just want to see the one good thing i did with my life  . newline newline  well klaus , it looks to me like you did more than one good thing  oliver pointed down below as klaus  greatgranddaughter helped harry , who had tripped and was covered in paint , up off the ground and began to give him some paintball tips . klaus looked . newline newline  thank you , but still it would mean a lot  newline newline  ok , well give me a minute  oliver stood up and walked over to some of the older members of his family that had just trekked back up the hill . he came back with a woman .  klaus this is anna , anna this is the german  newline newline  given the time since ww2 i made them greatgrandparents instead . apologies for any grammatical errors , it  s been a long time since i  ve written anything like this  santa , hated that i was helping big oil ruin the planet . so , he kicked me out . but , i think he just didnt like marshmallows by the campfire , which was my idea.  newline newline  why is santa in hell , in the first place ,  you asked . newline newline  the atheists killed him ,  he replied with eyes strangely sad . newline newline suddenly , a familar noise echoed in your house and you hear the tapping sound of knuckles pounding insidiously on your door . tap . tap . tapatap . electrons showered your brain like a 99  sale shopping spree . your worst fears have been realized . newline newline  is santa still a merry fellow ?  newline newline  just dont be in his naughty list ,  he replied but this time with a smug smile .  i came on top after richard dawkins . can you believe it ? he said , the hobo needs to get a job !   newline newline this time you hear smashing sounds and words unutterable , you forced yourself not to listen .  take me out on a  ,  you hear in slow monstrous growls . newline newline  noooooo !  newline newline you hurriedly picked up your phone and searched the internet for the ultimate baby catdog videos no mortal would ever dare to witness . you smiled seeing the cutest dogs and cats hugging like cherubs and their tails wagging . oooh , one of the baby cats think its tails a  . you then met eye to eye as the camera zoomed in ever closer to its face with its eyes like hazy tiny marbles so mesmerising and innocent as time stopped and all experience driven to this single point . from those eyes , you asked yourself ,  what does it all mean ?  newline newline suddenly , the phone dropped from your hand , and foamy fluids broke out from your mouth as your eyes turned white . you fell convulsing on the floor and you died from cuteness . newline newline  hohoho , merry christmas !  newline newline  i wonder where the atheists go ?  newline they re gone !  richard exclaimed to his friend , adam . newline newline  what is ?  adam asked . newline newline  i ca nt say them for some reason , so i grabbed a dictionary to look them up .  richard explained .  sure enough , they are nt even in there anymore !  newline newline richard dragged his finger through one dictionary s  an  section , not finding it followed by a  d.  he had already done similar for  th  with  e.  newline newline adam looked at his friend in confusion .  what are you talking about , man ?  newline newline  do you not remember using them ?  richard asked . newline newline  using what ?  newline newline richard looked around his room , trying to find an example to make adam understand their predicament . he settled on two objects that always went together . newline newline  okay , what is this ? newline newline  paper ,  adam answered . newline newline  what about this ?  newline newline  pencil ,  adam answered , his brow furrowing . newline newline  together ?  newline newline  paper with pencil ,  adam said , matter of factly . newline newline  no ! no ! that was nt a word we used to use ! i would nt have said a  in that sentence either ! i would have started both of these with another word too !  richard yelled , his hands shooting to his hair , clutching tightly . newline newline  i think we should get you to a doctor .  adam said , concerned for his friend . he gathered a few things , then lead him out . newline newline humanities  grammar gods looked down upon what madness they had wreaked once again upon humanity , laughing loudly to one another . newline newline  these stupid people , stuck living with our rules ,  one chuckled to another . newline newline  yeah , but best part is we are exempt ,  one said , a look of horror coming across its face as it finished . newline newline  what ?  newline newline it shook its head ,  but best part is we are exempt !  newline newline its companion looked confused . newline newline  what am i eating ? !  it asked , slowly becoming more afraid . newline newline  peanut butter with jelly .  newline newline newline                     newline newline if you enjoyed this story , please swing by rjlswriting for more of my stories !the crowd of tourists gathered on the starboard side of the intrepid , one of several ships floating just off the coast of iceland , chatting away and snapping selfies with their friends and family they had managed to bring along to this onceinalifetime event . newline newline the intrepid , the only nonscientific ship in the loose collection , vastly outsized every other ship in the waters nearby . several large countries had sent scientific vessels to this location in order to photograph , scan and analyse the last large , natural iceberg in earth  s oceans . what had once been a relatively small 17 meter block of sharp , cracked , frozen water had , over the last few weeks , broken off of inland greenland , rolling downhill , being smashed into smaller and smaller pieces before falling into the ocean and floating north . the chunk of ice they had been following all this time was by far the largest , the previous ones that had once been part of the initial icefall and had made it to the ocean had melted within a day . it had gotten surprisingly far before today . during those few weeks , it had turned and rolled and melted away into the diffuse smattering of clear black ice that now remained , with a single shard protruding out the top at an awkward 30 degree angle . newline newline the crowds of people from each ship murmured amongst themselves , sparing the occasional glance at the rapidly shrinking iceberg as it dipped up and down with the gentle waves . a wave of sad quietness rolled over the crowds as they noticed the icy protrusion had melted down and was unable to support itself , collapsing into the water . an unmoving black shine was all that remained , glinting the sun back at the watchers as they snapped their final photographs before heading to the warm interiors . newline newline the captain of the intrepid , after one of his crew had told him that it was gone , decided that enough was enough . it was only some ice , right ? he set course back to land . newline newline the boat turned in the water and began moving away . a young girl on the deck looked back as those that yet remained outside began their return to the ships interior . she tugged at her mothers hand , who turned to her . the young girl had a frown across her face , awkwardly standing on the tips of her toes to try and spot the tiny sprinkling of ice that still remained . concerned , her mother asked ,  yes , hon ?  newline newline she looked up at her mother , unable to spot the ice , and asked the most important question